{"answers": ["A", "B", "D"], "options": [["Being shy.", "Making a lot of language mistakes.", "Nothing to say.", "Can't speak a foreign language."], ["Giving advice.", "Taking care of themselves.", "Getting care from good friends.", "Getting help."], ["Be honest.", "Open to your friends.", "Respect each other.", "All of the above."]], "questions": [".Why do many Chinese people feel worried to speak to the foreigners?", ".What do you think the foreigners may not be insulted with?", ".What may help you to make lifelong friends?"], "article": "Being shy keeps many Chinese people from getting to know westerners. You may feel nervous about making language mistakes in front of a native English speaker.\nBut remember, westerners living in Asia know how it feels to try to communicate in a foreign language. They have made many mistakes when speaking Chinese!\nSo don't worry about speaking imperfect English. The important thing is just to communicate. Start talking, and make some foreign friends!\nMany westerners value  their privacy . Don't be surprised if your new friend doesn't want to include you in everything he does. This may seem strange to Chinese who worry about that their friends will get lonely.\nChinese people often expect their good friends to give advice and take care of them in many ways. If you expect this kind of care from westerners, you may be disappointed. Why? Because most westerners value _ . They feel insulted  if others think they can't take care of themselves. They will assume  you feel the same way.\nOf course, these tips  are just rules of thumb  and may not apply  to all westerners. Each person you meet will have his or her own ideas about friendship. When you get confused , don't be shy and worry to ask questions. Your new western friends may also have many questions about Chinese culture, and they may be hesitant  to ask. So encourage them to ask questions, too.\nBe honest and open to your friends. Respect each other's differences. The friendships you make can be lifelong treasure both for you and your new friends.", "id": "middle1010.txt"}