{"answers": ["B", "A", "D", "B"], "options": [["J.K. Rowling met a boy named Harry on a long train trip", "J.K. Rowling loved listening to stories when she was very young", "J.K. Rowling is two years younger than her sister", "Harry Potter is J.K. Rowling's first story"], ["written for young people", "only enjoyed by children", "only sold in England", "about a young inspector"], ["likes to travel all over the world with her daughter", "is too busy to enjoy her life", "is excited about her success every day", "is still writing stories for children"], ["There are magical things.", "The stories happened in the modern world.", "It has seven books.", "It took much time to finish."]], "questions": ["From the passage, we know   _  .", "The Harry Potter series is   _  .", "J.K. Rowling has been successful, and she   _  .", "How is Harry Potter series different from other magical stories?"], "article": "J.K. Rowling is the writer of Harry Potter, which is now one of the bestsellers in the world.\nJ.K. Rowling was born in Bristol on July 31st, 1965. She has one sister who is two years younger than her. Both girls loved listening to their father reading bedtime stories to them. They especially loved stories about magical worlds. Rowling wrote her first story, called Rabbit, at the age of six.\nAfter she graduated from the university, Rowling worked as a translator   in London. During this time, on a long train trip in the summer of 1990, the idea came to her of a boy who has magic but doesn't know it. In 1992 Rowling began to teach English. She lived with her baby daughter, Jessica, and spent much time finishing the first Harry Potter book for young readers. It appeared in June 1997. To her surprise, the book was greatly successful. The film came out in November 2001. Now Harry Potter series   is popular with people of all ages and about 60 million books were sold in 200 countries.\nWhy has the series been so successful? There are a few things. Many other magical stories take place in faraway lands or in past or future times. But Harry lives in modern   England. He's also a very normal   boy: polite, friendly, brave and clever. So when other children read about Harry,  they can imagine being like him.\nJ.K. Rowling is very happy with the success, and she is now busy finishing the whole series of seven books. She's writing full time and she's really enjoying life. She says she will go on living a normal life with her daughter and writing children's books.", "id": "middle104.txt"}