{"answers": ["B", "C", "C", "D", "A"], "options": [["In the 1970s", "In the 1960s", "In the 1990s", "In 1989"], ["Businesspeople", "The American government", "A British scientist", "American Scientists"], ["Because email was invented early.", "Because email came from America.", "Because email is cheaper and quicker.", "Because email is fashionable."], ["Tim Berners-Lee developed the World Wide Web.", "At first, the message were in very simple text without photos.", "Web pages are held in computers all over the world.", "The World Wide Web allows us to communicate with other people."], ["The history of the Internet", "The World's greatest invention", "The World Wide Web", "The future of the Internet"]], "questions": ["When was the Internet invented?", "Who made the Internet easier to use?", "Why is email better than snail mail?", "According to the passage, which of the following is not true.", "What's the best title of the passage?"], "article": "The Internet joins millions of computers all over the world, and it's used by people all over the world. It was invented in the 1960s in the USA. The American government needed a network of computers for its army. Then in the 1970s scientists and businesspeople also wanted to use the Internet to send and receive messages. For some years, they weren't allowed to use US network, and when they were allowed to, the messages were in very simple text without photos.\nThe World Wide Web was invented by a British scientist named Tim Berners-Lee in 1989. He wanted to send documents to other scientists. So he developed the World Wide Web. This allowed him to send and receive scientific documents with text, drawings and photos. In the 1990s, more and more people began to use the Internet and the World Wide Web.\nSo, what's the difference between Internet and the World Wide Web? The Internet is the hardware .It allows us to communicate with other people. The World Wide Web is the software. It allows us to create , see, and read multimedia documents.\nThe web is made up of millions of documents called web pages. These pages are held in computers all over the world. Many people have a favourite website with a number of web pages on the same subject.\nEmail is a way of using your computer to send and receive messages. It's cheaper and quicker to use email than send normal mail. New users call normal mail \"snail mail\" because it's so slow.\nIt took 50 years for 100 million people to listen to the radio. It took 15 years for 100 million people to watch television. By the year 2000, it had taken only about three years for 100 million people to use the Internet. What will happen next on the Internet?", "id": "middle1079.txt"}