{"answers": ["D", "B", "B", "C", "A"], "options": [["An excellent student", "A hardworking student", "A bad student", "A lazy student"], ["A cleaner", "A babysitter", "An assistant", "A teacher"], ["was paid for extra work", "often worked long hours", "got much help from her boss", "took a day off every other week"], ["She found a full-time job.", "She was fed up with children.", "She decided to attend a part-time course.", "She needed a rest after working extra hours."], ["Less successful students can still have a success.", "Qualifications are necessary for a job.", "Hard work makes an excellent student.", "One must choose the job she like."]], "questions": ["What do you think of the writer when she was a student?", "What is the writer's first job?", "When staying with the two girls' family,the writer   _  .", "Why did the writer leave her first job?", "What has the writer learned from her own experiences?"], "article": "I really love my job because I enjoy working with small children and like the challenges and awards from the job. I also think my work is important. I wasn't an excellent student because I didn't do much schoolwork. In my final term I started thinking what I might do and found I didn't have much to offer.\nI then found myself a job, looking after two little girls. It wasn't too bad at first. But the problems began when I agreed to live in. I would be there if my boss had to go out for business in the evening. We agreed that if I had to work extra hours one week, she'd give me time off the next. But unluckily, it didn't often work out. I was getting very tired. Because I had too many late nights and early mornings with the children.\nOne Sunday, I was in the park with the children, and met Megan who used to go to school with me. I told her about my situation. She suggested that I should do a course and get a qualification if I wanted to work with children. I didn't think I would be accepted because I didn't take many exams in school. She asked me to phone the local college and they were really helpful. My experience counted for a lot and I got on a part-time course. I had to leave my job with the family, and got work helping out at a kindergarten.\nNow I've got a full-time job there. I shall always be thankful to Megan. I wish I had known earlier that I could have a success, even if I am not top of the class at school.", "id": "middle1109.txt"}