{"answers": ["D", "A", "C"], "options": [["He thought he would work there in the future.", "He wanted to get some skills of treating animals.", "He wanted to get some money for his schooling.", "He wanted to get some experience for his future work."], ["How to be a kind person who helps others.", "The practical experience of the vet job.", "How to deal with the owners of pets.", "The knowledge of vet medicine."], ["The officer", "The boy", "The woman", "The father"]], "questions": ["Why did the writer work at the vet hospital?", "What is the most important according to the writer?", "_   made the writer have the courage to help someone in need."], "article": "In the tenth grade, I began volunteering at a vet hospital in order to get experience for what I thought would be my future job. As it turned out, the experience I got at the hospital taught me the opposite: my future was not in vet medicine. However, there is one particular Saturday morning that taught me something maybe more important.\nThe hospital was in the middle of one of the poorer sections of the city and we often had people come in who could just only pay for the most basic treatments. This Saturday a man and his young son, who was probably about 7 years old, walked in with a small cat in a cardboard box. I remember the cat had an eye infection   but the man could not afford to pay for the cost of the medicine in addition to the exam. When he asked where the nearest the animal shelter  was, his son cried and started to argue with his father. _ an older woman who was sitting in the waiting room stood up, walked up to the counter, and told the man that she would pay for anything that he could not afford. The man thanked her and the son got to keep a healthy cat.\nI had always thought it was the right thing to help out a needy person, but it was only seen on TV or in movies. The woman in the vet's office taught me that these things do happen in real life, and should happen more often. When I am hesitant   to help someone who is in need, I remember that woman, and have the courage to do it. Sometimes other people follow.", "id": "middle1118.txt"}