{"answers": ["B", "D", "A"], "options": [["Romantic stories.", "Mysteries.", "Horror stories.", "Comedies."], ["They both enjoyed a long and happy life.", "The girl's eyes and skin were green all her life.", "At first they spoke the same language as people in the small village did.", "Maybe they hadn't eaten enough for long before they reached the village."], ["Scientists are still not sure whether there is a monster or not in Loch Ness.", "Loch Ness is very deep and warm lake in Scotland.", "People have taken very clear pictures of Nessie.", "In fact Nessie is a whale or a snake."]], "questions": ["What kind of story is talked about in this program?", "Which sentence is TRUE about the two green children?", "What can we learn from the second story?"], "article": "Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the nine o'clock Mystery Hour. Today we'll show you two British stories. We hope you'll enjoy them.\nAbout 900 years ago two green children arrived in a small village in south England. Their eyes and skin were green and they spoke a strange language. They were very tired and weak, so the people of the village looked after them. The boy died a year later, but the girl grew strong and lived the rest of her life there. And her skin color turned back to normal day by day. Scientists say that sometimes of people don't have enough food to eat for a long time, their skin goes very pale and can turn green.\nLoch Ness is the largest lake in Scotland. It's a very deep and cold lake. For hundreds of years, people have talked about a monster  called Nessie which lives in the lake. About seventy years ago, two people saw something moving in the lake. They said that the animal was playing and rolling around in the water. Since then many people say they have seen the monster. Their descriptions are always the same. It looks like a dinosaur, with a very long neck and a small head. It has a big bump on its back. People have tried to photograph the animal, but the pictures have not been very clear. Scientists don't know whether there is a monster or not. Some say it may be a whale or a very large fish. Some think it's a snake. Others say there's nothing at all-- nothing but people's imagination. Maybe we'll never know what's in Loch Ness.", "id": "middle112.txt"}