{"answers": ["D", "D", "D", "C"], "options": [["freedom", "love", "a true friend", "hobby"], ["Qu Yi", "Chen Cheng", "Gan Xiaoning", "Yuan Siyu"], ["who often tells lies to her", "who only cares about her own happiness", "who can play with her", "who can share her feeling and keep secrets"], ["Qu Yi's father works very hard and makes much money to support his family.", "Chen Cheng gets along very well with his friends", "If Qu Yi's parents didn't get divorced, he would be much happier.", "Gan Xiaoning says he is a bird because he wants to fly like a bird."]], "questions": ["What is not mentioned in the passage?", "Who is facing the problem of poverty and decides to fight?", "As for Chen Cheng, she wants a friend  _  .", "Which of the following is true?"], "article": "What do you like most when you can get one of such things: freedom, true friends, love, honesty and so on? Here are some choices of students:\nChen Cheng, 14, Jiangsu: I think I need a true friend. I had some friends before. However, it seemed that they didn't treat me well. I told them my secrets but they didn't share theirs with me. What's worse, they told my secrets to others, which made me very unhappy. I hope to find a true lifelong friend who can share happiness and sadness with me and keep my secrets.\nGan Xiaoning 14, Heilongjiang: Freedom is what I want most. I am a bird in two cages. In school, I have to follow the school's rules and listen to teachers. At home, my parents don't allow me to do what I like, either. I have to do everything that they tell me to do: study, study and study some more. So, freedom is the only thing I really want!\nYuan Siyu, 15, Guangxi: I am a boy from a poor family. My father works very hard but only makes a little money every month to support the family. I want to go to a key university  so that I can find a good job in the future. Then, I can _ enough money to get my family out of poverty  and offer my parents a happy life.\nQu Yi, 15, Hebei: I want a complete family. My parents got divorced  three years ago. Since then, I have had no chance to be together with both of them any more. Now, I am living with my mom and get her love, but I also want my dad's love. I am envious  of my classmates who live with their parents. So, I would have a complete family if I could.", "id": "middle1140.txt"}