{"answers": ["B", "D", "C"], "options": [["Mrs Elise was the best friend of the writer", "the writer came from a poor family", "many or the writer's classmates liked cafeteria food", "the writer like to eat tuna fish sandwiches on Fridays"], ["she was tired of cafeteria food", "she hated getting in line with kids", "she liked the tuna fish sand writer's made by the writer's mother", "she wanted to show care to the writer"], ["It is hard to please all.", "Better to give than to receive.", "Love makes the world go around.", "The more you offer, the more you get."]], "questions": ["From this passage we know  _  .", "Mrs Elise bought the writer's sandwiches because  _  .", "Which of the following can we learn from this passage?"], "article": "Mrs Elise was my teacher in the fourth grade. One day at lunch time, I was getting ready to eat my tuna fish   sandwich and suddenly Mrs Elise asked me if she could buy my sandwich from me. She explained that I could use the money to buy a hot hunch from the cafeteria  .\nI was excited. I never bought my lunch at the cafeteria. It was too expensive for my family, and I always carried my lunch and took the bag back home to use it again the next day. So you could understand my happiness when I had the chance to buy a hot lunch.\nWhen we finished lunch that day, Mrs Elise took me aside and said she wanted to explain why she had bought my sandwich. I really didn't care why, but it gave me a few minutes of her special attention, so I was quiet as she explained. She told me that she was a Catholic  and Catholics didn't eat red meat on Fridays, they ate fish on Fridays.\nOh, I couldn't wait to get home and tell my mother that from then on I wanted a tuna fish sandwich on Fridays. After my mother understood why, she gladly made tuna fish sandwiches for me on Fridays. She even made it with brown bread because she knew Mrs Elise liked brown bread. From then on, every Friday I could get in line with other kids for a hot lunch. I didn't care how many of the kids complained about cafeteria food. It tasted _ to me!\nI realize now that Mrs Elise could have made herself tuna fish sandwiches on Fridays. But she bought mine because she saw a little girl who was excited at the simple act of having a hot lunch.\nI will never forget Mrs Elise for her pity for me and generosity   and what I should do is to follow her example.", "id": "middle1180.txt"}