{"answers": ["C", "C", "D", "D", "A"], "options": [["Reading books about swimming.", "looking at others swimming.", "Going into the water and learning.", "Listening to others' advice."], ["Listening is very important while speaking is not.", "The more you speak, the more mistakes you'll make.", "Listening and speaking are very important for beginners.", "You can only learn English by listening."], ["Speaking and writing.", "Writing and listening.", "Speaking and listening.", "Reading and writing."], ["By reading.", "By listening to the radio.", "By speaking.", "By doing more practice."], ["How to Learn English.", "Easier Said Than Done.", "Listen First, Speak Second.", "How to learn to Swim."]], "questions": ["What's the best way to learn to swim?", "According to the passage, which of the following is TRUE?", "What's more important for senior school students?", "Wat's the best way to learn English well according to the passage?", "Which is the best title for the passage?"], "article": "Can you swim? Do you like swimming? Well, how can you learn to swim? I think the best way is to go into the water and learn. I'm afraid you'll never learn to swim just by reading books about Swimming or looking at others swimming. It's the same with the English study. We must practice, practice and practice.\nListening and speaking are very important for beginners. We can listen to English programs on radio. You may just understand a few words. It doesn't matter. Just be relaxed, try to catch every word.\nSomebody may be a good listener, but he is afraid to speak because he's afraid of making mistakes. You know we sometimes make mistakes when we speak Chinese. Don't be afraid. We must be brave. If you really want to learn English well, you must try to speak with everyone as long as he knows English. When there's nobody to talk with, you can talk to yourself in English. It's interesting and also a good way to practice your spoken English. Remember, the more you speak, the fewer mistakes you'll make.\nReading and writing are more important for senior school students. First we must choose the books we're interested in. A lot of reading will improve your language sense. This is very important.\nIt's easier said than done. Well, let's do more practice from now on. I'm sure you'll learn English well in this way.\n,A, B, C, D,. (10)", "id": "middle1204.txt"}