{"answers": ["A", "B"], "options": [["Because the hotel melts during the summer.", "Because guests suggest changes to the hotel.", "Because the hotel is damaged by the sauna.", "Because more rooms are needed at the hotel."], ["To describe the temperature inside a hotel.", "To give information about an uncommon hotel.", "To compare different kinds of hotels.", "To encourage people to visit hotels."]], "questions": ["Why must the Ice Hotel be rebuilt each year ?", "What is the purpose of the writer writing the article?"], "article": "Hotels can make a person's stay away from home as restful as possible. Hotels provide warm beds to allow guests a peaceful night's rest. Besides, some hotels offer guests special services such as newspapers to read in the morning, fresh coffee, and even breakfast. Hotel workers want their guests to feel warm and welcome when they stay in their hotel.\nOne hotel near the Arctic Circle, however, is different. This hotel gives its guests a cold welcome. The Ice Hotel, in Sweden, is all made of ice. The Ice Hotel might sound strange, but in some ways it is a special hotel. It has a front lobby where guests check into the hotel, plenty of rooms to sleep in, and even room service, which guests can use to have food delivered to their rooms. The Ice Hotel is different, though, because most of the items are made from ice.\nIt takes more than 30 tons of ice and snow to build the Ice Hotel. It melts  in the summer and is rebuilt each winter. Different builders and artists create the Ice Hotel, so each winter this famous hotel has a new shape and design.\nThe effort of building the Ice Hotel is worth it, however. Walking into the Ice Hotel is like walking into a diamond. The walls reflect even the smallest bits of light. Ice pillars support the roof. The floor below shines like glass. Almost every inch of this hotel sparkles inside. Visiting the Ice Hotel is truly an unusual experience.\nTemperatures inside the Ice Hotel are usually below freezing. Guests wear warm jackets, hats, gloves, and thick boots. Even the owners of the Ice Hotel know that staying in a building with walls of ice four feet thick can be a bit cold. They have a solution though. The Ice Hotel has a sauna for its guests. A sauna is a room filled with steam, where guests can warm themselves. In a way, then, one could say that the Ice Hotel does give their guests a warm welcome after all.", "id": "middle1243.txt"}