{"answers": ["B", "D", "A", "B"], "options": [["like orange color", "like blue color", "prefer warm color", "are usually active"], ["Scientists like warm colors better than cool colors.", "Time seems to pass more quickly in a room with red than with violet.", "Time passes more slowly where there are cool colors.", "We'd better color a living room or restaurant in warm colors."], ["Because these colors can make time pass more quickly.", "Because these colors can make people excited.", "Because everybody likes white color.", "Because working people can be more active."], ["Warm Colors and Cool Colors", "People and Colors", "Sociable People Like Warm Colors", "Places and Colors"]], "questions": ["According to this passage, people who don't like to be with others   _  .", "Which of the following is true according to this passage?", "Why are offices and factories often colored in cool colors according to the scientist?", "The best title of this passage should be   _  ."], "article": "People usually talk about two groups of colors: warm colors and cool colors. Scientists think that there are also two kinds of people: people who prefer warm colors and people who prefer cool colors. The warm colors are red, orange and yellow. Where there are warm colors and a lot of lights people usually want to be active. People think that red, for example, is exciting. Sociable people, those who like to be with others, like red.\nThe cool colors are green, blue and violet. These colors, unlike warm colors, are relaxing. Where there are cool colors, people are usually quiet. People who like to spend time alone often prefer blue. Red may be exciting, but one scientist says that time seems to pass more slowly in a room with warm colors than in a room with cool colors. He says that a warm color, such as red or orange, is good color for a living room or restaurant. People who are resting or eating do not want time to pass quickly. Cool colors are better for offices or factories if the people who are working there want time to pass quickly.", "id": "middle1276.txt"}