{"answers": ["A", "D", "A", "C"], "options": [["have some troubles in the future", "worry about everything in the future", "not know the importance of making friends", "not find anybody to help him"], ["providing a lot of fun", "getting in touch with others", "solving the problems", "helping to trick in the exams"], ["tell what parents should do to help the children make friends", "show friends even does good to children's study during the class", "tell the parents need to understand the steps of children's friendship", "show how important the friendship is to the children"], ["let them fight with each other until they find who is the winner", "do nothing to the children and believe in their abilities", "let them work it out by themselves and help if necessary", "talk with them and try to find good ways to stay together"]], "questions": ["According to the article, if one child has no friend, he will  _  .", "Friendship can be helpful to the children EXCEPT  _  .", "The writer's purpose of writing the article is to  _  .", "When the children disagree with each other, the parents should  _  ."], "article": "Friends are important to the children. Research shows that children who have no friends can suffer from difficulties later in life. Friendship provides children with more than just fun. In making friends, children learn how to get in touch with the others and solve problems. Having friends even does good to children's study for they can help each other during the class.\nIf the parents care about their children whether they made many friends,what matters is that the child is comfortable and happy with his friends. Parents need to understand the steps children take in building friendships. First of all, be a friend to your child. Good friendships start at home. Children begin to develop the necessary ability to go out and meet others through getting with their parents. Greet the child warmly and let him know you are glad to see him. Children learn a lot from how their parents stay with them and other people.\nTeach children how to solve conflicts . Being able to work out conflicts is an important skill in getting along with others. If parents know the children have a conflict, let them work it out on their own. Only step in if it is really necessary, for example, an argument is getting physical.\nGive children chances to practice staying together. Have children play games that require team work and group problem solving skills. For example, races are fun and provide plenty of practice in teamwork. \"In what ways didn't you work well together? What might you do differently next time?\" For these ideas, see books such as Games Book by Terry Orlick, Energizers by Carol Apacki, and Team-Building Activities for Every Group by Alanna Jones.\nEncourage children to show thanks to the others. The parents can encourage children to do this by setting the example for them.", "id": "middle1303.txt"}