{"answers": ["B", "A"], "options": [["You will never meet amazing people in your life unless you read.", "You think actively instead of getting facts passively when reading.", "You will get much delight from any book that you are told to read.", "You can relax yourself by reading because it involves little thinking."], ["To advise us to enjoy ourselves by reading.", "To encourage us to make full use of libraries.", "To encourage us to find out solutions in books.", "To advise us to discuss books with other people."]], "questions": ["Which of the following ideas may the writer of this article agree with?", "What's the writer's purpose of writing this article?"], "article": "All the wisdom of the times, all the stories that have delighted mankind for centuries, are easily and cheaply available to all of us in books, but we must know how to make use of this treasure. The unluckiest people in the world are those who have never discovered how satisfying it is to read good books.\nI'm very interested in people and finding out about them. Some of the most amazing people I've met could only  be found in a writer's imagination, then in his book, and then, again, in my imagination. I've found in books new friends and new worlds.\nReading is fun, not because the writer is telling you something, but because it makes your mind work. Your own imagination works along with the writer's or even goes beyond his. Your experience, compared with his, brings you to the same or different conclusions, and your ideas develop as you understand his.\nEvery book stands by itself, like a one-family house, but books in a library are like houses in a city. Although they are separate , in some way they are connected with each other. The same ideas, or related  ones, appear in different places; the human problems that repeat themselves in life repeat themselves in books, but with different solutions  according to different writings at different times. Books influence each other. They connect the past, the present and the future and have their own generations (age groups), like families. Wherever you start reading, you connect yourself with one of the families of ideas, and in the end, you not only find out about the world and the people in it, you find out about yourself, too.\nReading can only be fun if you expect it to be. If you concentrate on  books somebody tells you \"ought\" to read, you probably won' t have fun. But if you put down a book you don't like and try another till you find one that means something to you, and then relax with it, you will almost certainly have a good time -- and if you become, as a result of reading, better, wiser, kinder, or more gentle, you won't suffer during the process.", "id": "middle1387.txt"}