{"answers": ["D", "B", "A"], "options": [["are large and we can see them with our eyes", "can heal few cuts themselves", "are in everything on the earth", "can grow and make new cells"], ["Each person can make 18 kg of skin cells every day.", "Different cells have different uses in our bodies.", "The skin cells have little work to do in the body.", "Every living thing on the earth is made up of skin cells"], ["How Skin Cells Heal Cuts", "The Importance of Skin", "How to Protect Our Fingers", "The Importance of Cells"]], "questions": ["From the passage, we know that cells  _  .", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?", "The best title for this passage should be  _  ."], "article": "When we have small cuts in the skin , something strange may happen. The cuts are able to heal  themselves in a couple of days. How does this happen? Read on, and you will find out the secret.\nEvery living thing on the earth is made up of cells . Cells grow and make new cells. Most cells are very small and we can't see them with our eyes. Different cells have different uses. Our skin cells are special ones. The cells on the outside of our skin are old dead cells. New skin cells are right under the outside. These are the living skin cells. They work for our bodies. They help protect our bodies and heal cuts.\nOur bodies make skin cells all the time. As the old cells fall off, new cells grow in the same place. Each person makes about 18 kg of skin cells during his or her life. Outside skin cells fit together closely with no _ between them. When you cut yourself, you can harm your skin cells. A small cut will not be harmful. Your skin will quickly heal itself by making new skin cells. How do skin cells work? First, the cells near the cut get bigger and move into the gap. Next, these bigger cells meet in the middle. They form a new layer  of skin cells. Finally, new cells will grow until the gap disappears. In this way, your skin can grow and get well itself. How amazing the small cells are! Next time you have a cut, don't worry about it. Maybe in a few days, you will be surprised to find it healed.", "id": "middle1398.txt"}