{"answers": ["A", "B", "C", "A"], "options": [["It is the jet stream that affects how fast airplanes fly.", "Planes go slower when they are moving with the wind.", "It takes more time to fly from NY to London than from London to NY.", "The jet stream always blows from the east to the west across the Atlantic."], ["buildings and other structures would float away", "trees and buildings would not so easily fly off", "something around your head would not float away", "everything outside buildings would fly off into space"], ["It takes seven hours to travel from London to New York.", "The earth is moving at a high speed", "Everything on the earth will float away if there's no gravity.", "Everything not attached to the earth would fly off in a straight line."], ["In a research paper.", "In a short story.", "In a travel magazine.", "In a student's book."]], "questions": ["What information can we get from the first passage?", "It can be inferred that without gravity   _  .", "Which of the following statements is not mentioned in the passage?", "Where can we most probably read this text?"], "article": "Have you ever wondered?\n1. Why do airplanes take longer to fly west than east?\nIt can take five hours to go west-east from New York (NY) to London but seven hours to travel east-west from   London to NY. The reason for the difference is an atmospheric phenomenon known as the jet   stream. The jet stream is a very high altitude wind which always blows from the west to the east across the Atlantic. The planes moving at a constant air speed thus go faster in the west-east direction when they are moving with the wind than in the opposite direction.\n2. What would happen if the gravity on Earth was suddenly turned off?\nSupposing we could magically turn off gravity. Would buildings and other structures   float away? What happened would depend on how strongly the things were attached to the Earth. The Earth is moving at quite a speed, moving at over a thousand miles per hour. If you turn something around your head on a string  , it goes around in a circle until you let go of the string. Then it flies off in a straight line. 'Switching off' gravity would be like letting go of the string. Things not attached to the Earth would fly off in a straight line. People in buildings would suddenly _ upwards at a great speed until they hit the ceiling. Most things outside would fly off into space.", "id": "middle1435.txt"}