{"answers": ["D", "A"], "options": [["Ground movement during an earthquake is the main reason of death.", "You should keep your windows, fireplaces and heavy furniture clear.", "Stop your car in the clear area and get out of it if an earthquake happens.", "Run away from the beach as quickly as possible if an earthquake happens."], ["ways of keeping you safe", "the importance of keeping safe", "ways of finding safe places", "researches on how to keep safe"]], "questions": ["Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the text?", "The passage is mainly about   _  during the earthquake."], "article": "Stay as safe as possible during an earthquake. Be aware that some earthquakes are actually foreshocks  and a larger earthquake might occur. Reduce your movements to a few steps to a nearby safe place.\nIf you are indoors, do \"duck, cover and hold\". Duck or drop down to the floor, under something strong, such as a table or a desk, cover your head and face with your arms and hands and hold on to that table or desk so that it does not move away from you as the ground shakes. Do this until the shaking stops and it is safe to move. Stay inside to avoid being injured by falling glass or building parts. If there isn't a table or desk near you, cover your face and head with your arms and crouch  in an inside corner of the building.\nStay clear of windows, fireplaces, and heavy furniture that may fall over. Stay inside until the shaking stops and it is safe to go outside. Research has shown that most injuries occur when people inside buildings attempt to move to a different location inside the building or try to leave.\nIf you are outside, get into the open and stay there. Move away from trees, buildings, signs and power lines. Once in the open, stay there until the shaking stops. The greatest danger exists directly outside buildings, at exits and alongside exterior walls. Ground movement during an earthquake is seldom the direct cause of death or injury. Most earthquake-related casualties  result from collapsing walls, flying glass, and falling objects.\nIf you are driving, you may not realize what is going on at first because the car may feel like it is going to blow up. Stop the car in as clear and open an area as possible and stay in it until the shaking stops. If it is a really bad quake, turn on the radio to find an emergency channel to get information. Follow the directions of people directing traffic.\nIf you are in a mountainous area, watch out for falling rock and other debris that could be loosened by the earthquake.\nIf you are at the beach, move quickly to higher ground or several hundred yards inland.", "id": "middle1453.txt"}