{"answers": ["D", "D", "C", "B"], "options": [["Buying things in a common store.", "Buying and selling things on the internet.", "Buying things on the internet for the old.", "Buying things on the internet for the people who can't use the internet."], ["They don't like going shopping.", "They are good at buying things on the internet.", "They don't like buying things online themselves.", "Offline shopping makes it easier for them to shop online."], ["People can find buy-for-you shops in residential communities.", "The customers have to pay a suitable service fee.", "There are many problems with the ordered things.", "The store owners deal with the quality problems."], ["Li Hui'an is crazy about shopping online", "offline buy-for-you business is in great need", "Liu Min is the first one who has an offline Daigou store", "there are about 300 buy-for-you stores in Dalian city"]], "questions": ["What is offline shopping?", "Why do many old people like offline shopping?", "Which of the following is NOT true about the offline Daigou service?", "We can know from the passage that  _  ."], "article": "Online shopping has become something very common for young people, however, it's not easy for the old people to buy things on the internet. Therefore, offline Daigou stores, or buy-for-you stores, are becoming popular among the old.\n64-year-old man Li Hui'an is searching for his favorite CD in an offline Daigou shop. He says, \"It's very convenient to buy things online, however, I can't use the internet. After I happened to find this buy-for-you shop, I decided to try, as I wanted to buy an opera CD. Finally I got one I'd searched for several years. I was so happy. I have become crazy about offline shopping. \"\nThe store owner Liu Min says in order to meet the need of people who want to buy things online but can't use the internet, she started the business of offline buy-for-you. In only about ten days since the start of the business, she has received more than 20 orders from customers  . Liu Min is not the only one who finds the large need of offline buy-for-you business in the market. In Dalian city, northeast China, more than 300 such stores opened their doors only in April.\nIn order to attract more customers, they have opened their shops in residential communities  . And they charge a suitable service fee. For example, when buying things that cost less than 200 Yuan for customers, they usually charge 5 Yuan as service fee.\nThough the offline buy-for-you service makes it easier for certain people to shop online, what if there is any problem with the ordered thing, let's say, like a quality problem? The shop owners say they will deal with any quality problems that may happen when using their Daigou service.", "id": "middle146.txt"}