{"answers": ["D", "C", "B"], "options": [["you needn't make effort", "you should be qualified", "you should give all you have", "you find it meaningful whatever you do"], ["Perseverance is the only thing to help us achieve success.", "People don't understand life they experience at all.", "Helping others is always better than receiving help.", "What the world is like depends on the gravity and love."], ["Success and failure", "Three values", "Endless love", "Hard life"]], "questions": ["To be generous, the writer thinks  _  .", "Which of the following statement is TRUE?", "The best title for the passage may be  _  ."], "article": "Every day, life is made and lost. Every day, life goes on. Every day we experience some of the most important parts of life and may not even realize it: love, generosity, and perseverance. These values aren't just important to us, they make the world what it is.\nScientists say that the gravity makes the world turn, but some people say that love makes _ go around. Love can be found anywhere: in families, friends, even strangers. Even if you can't see it, you know it's there.\nLove may connect people all over the world, but what would the world be without generosity? Whether after a national disaster or a school fund raiser, one thing is certain--- it is better to give than to receive. Generosity is found everywhere and whether it's a large or small act, it makes a difference. Most of all, generosity is not something you need any qualifications for, and no matter what you do, it can make a difference. Sometimes, though, it takes effort to be generous, which leads us to perseverance.\nFounding a country, riding a bike, or finishing a novel, these are all finished with perseverance. Perseverance is the one thing that can help us achieve whatever we want. It is what helps scientists discover cures for illnesses, and athletes become winners. You may fail, but every time you make a mistake, that's one less to make the next time.\nThere is an infinite  number of things we value. But without love, generosity, and perseverance, we just don't think that our lives or the world would be the way it is.", "id": "middle1503.txt"}