{"answers": ["C", "D", "A", "A", "B"], "options": [["Everyone.", "The writer.", "Some people.", "The teachers."], ["A school with many new computers.", "A school with many new students.", "A school with many new teachers.", "A school connected to the Internet."], ["schools are still necessary", "more schools should be built", "there should be fewer schools", "more computers are needed in schools"], ["Because whole city is connected to the Internet.", "Because everyone can go on the Internet.", "Because getting online is very easy.", "Because Scientists could give talks through the Internet."], ["Technology will change our way of learning.", "If you are a student, you can set up websites to show new technology.", "The schools provide computer labs for those who have no personal computers.", "On the Internet, you can visit another city's libraries as easily as the people there."]], "questions": ["Who thinks that students won't have to go to school?", "What does \"a new kind of school\" mean in the passage?", "What the writer thinks is that  _  .", "Why do people think learning can take place at home, at school, and in the office?", "What fact does the passage NOT provide?"], "article": "Some people believe that classes, teachers and school buildings will no longer be necessary in the near future because of the Internet and other new technology. Perhaps this will be true one day, but if the world has no schools, I can't imagine how our society will be. In fact, we should learn how to use new technology to make schools better. We should invent a new kind of school connected to libraries, museums, science centers, labs and even companies. Technological companies should create learning programs for schools. Scientists could give talks through the Internet. TV networks and local stations could develop programs about things students are studying in school. Labs could set up websites to show new technology, so students could see it on the Internet.\nIs this a dream? No. There have been many cities where this is beginning to happen. Here the whole city is connected to the Internet, and learning can take place at home, at school, and in the office. Businesses provide programs for the schools and the society. The schools provide computer labs for people without their own computers at home. Because everyone can go on the Internet, older people use it as much as younger ones, and everyone can visit faraway libraries and museums as easily as nearby ones. How will this new thing of school change the usual way of learning? It is a little early to be sure, but it is very exciting to think about it. Technology will change the way we learn; schools will change as well; and we will learn something from the Internet.", "id": "middle1507.txt"}