{"answers": ["D", "B", "C", "B"], "options": [["made him have fewer friends than others", "prevented him enjoying an excellent school life", "left him feeling down all the time in his life", "made it impossible for him to move freely"], ["One.", "Two.", "Three.", "Four."], ["play games during a free period with his friends", "take part in all competitions and all activities", "go to the school lab to do the practicals", "complete his project work quickly and correctly"], ["tell us how lucky a boy student he was", "express his thanks to his teachers and friends", "get understanding and care from more people", "show us his great school achievements"]], "questions": ["Alfred's problem in his backbone   _   .", "How many Alfred's teachers are mentioned in the passage?", "Alfred tried to do the following EXCEPT   _  .", "By writing the passage, Alfred aims to   _  ."], "article": "I'm Alfred. I was born with a problem in my backbone and mobility was a big challenge, but thanks to my teachers and friends, my school life was excellent.\nMy friends and I used to sit together and have lots of fun. Whenever we got a free period, we used to start shouting or play games. I would take part in all competitions, such as poetry writing, story writing and painting and all activities like Teachers' Day or anybody's birthday and had much fun.\nMy English teacher was very tall. The moment she would enter the class, we would all sit quiet and open the books. She would encourage me by giving me important assignments and also morning news to read during the assembly. She would come down and hear my English debate , which made me participate in all debate competitions.\nThe same was true of my biology and science teacher. She was very nice and sweet. She would always give me extra information on the biology project. I could not go to the lab for the practicals (lessons or exams in science, cooking etc. in which you have to do or make something yourself rather than write or read about it), so she would bring the lab down and help me with the biology and science practicals and would give me excellent marks.\nMy friends made me monitor and the naughty boys listen to me. My friends used to help me with my notes if I was absent. My teachers always gave me important project work and I felt proud when they _ after I finished it quickly and correctly.\nI was never shouted at or made fun of or scolded  by any of my friends and teachers. Today I saw the terrible punishments given to students on television news. I felt very sad.\nI really want to express my love and thanks to all my wonderful teachers and friends, without whom my school life would not have been so excellent and unforgettable. I really pray to God that each child in the world is blessed with caring teachers and wants to attend school every day.", "id": "middle1558.txt"}