{"answers": ["A", "C", "D"], "options": [["ordinary", "successful", "famous", "educated"], ["has fewer problems", "was born in a rich family", "takes more risks", "is a successful businessman"], ["why poor people are always poor", "how many problems people usually have to face", "how lucky and happy President Obama is", "how to deal with problems in life"]], "questions": ["You will be a/an   _   person if you are afraid to face more challenges.", "From this article we know that President Obama   _  .", "The main idea of this article is   _  ."], "article": "People often complain they face too many problems. Every day and everywhere there are problems. Many times we find it hard to stay happy. When one problem is solved, another one comes up.\nPeople have money problems, work problems, family problems, health problems..... the list goes on. And we usually think that people who are happy and successful are having fewer problems than us. Look at the successful people we often mention. They have money they need, they have jobs they love, they have good friends, they have obedient  kids, they have the successful business, they have loving families etc. Everything goes well with them. That is why they are happy and successful. But in fact, the more successful you are, the more problems you have to face. More success means more challenges they have to face, and more success means more risks they have to take.\nYoung and old, rich and poor, successful and unsuccessful, educated and uneducated, all have problems. The difference is that their problems are different from each other.  Rich and successful have big problems. Poor and unsuccessful have small problems. Still they all have problems which they can face. Successful people are successful just because they are ready to face challenges larger than ordinary people.\nWinning the US elections  makes Obama very happy. As a new US president, he has to face bigger challenges. He has to be more careful about his work he does, or he will lose his position . Looking at him, we may say he is lucky, happy and successful. But, I think, as the US president, he has more pressure than an ordinary person.", "id": "middle1559.txt"}