{"answers": ["B", "A", "D", "A", "D"], "options": [["A worker.", "A housewife", "A teacher", "A writer"], ["Because she thought successful people spent more time reading.", "Because she thought books were interesting.", "Because she wanted her children to be happy.", "Because she wanted her children to be doctors."], ["He only cared about clothes and didn't study.", "He spent more time hanging out with friends than studying.", "He didn't care that he went from being an A-student to a C-student.", "He spent much time reading storybooks."], ["To be a doctor.", "To be a teacher.", "To be an A-student", "To find a good job."], ["mothers with little education change their children more.", "his mother is cruel and unhelpful", "there is a job more important than parenting.", "his mother has an important influence on him."]], "questions": ["What did the writer's mother do?", "Why did the mother ask her children to read books in their free time?", "Which was NOT the reason for the writer's falling behind ?", "What was the writer's dream?", "The writer mainly wants to tell us that   _  ."], "article": "My mother was a housewife. She thought that successful people spent a lot more time reading than watching TV. So she asked my brother and me not to watch too much TV, but to read two books every week in our free time. She would check them with marks, though she couldn't read the book at all.\nWhen I went to high school, I was an A-student, but not for long. I wanted cool clothes and hung out with friends. I became a C-student, but I didn't care. One night I complained about not having enough Italian shirts. Then my mother gave me all the money and said I could get the money left to buy shirts if I finished buying all the things the family needed. I was pleased with that, but after I bought those things, there was no money left. I got to know how difficult it was for my mother to do all these. I went back to my studies and became an A-student again. Finally, my dream came true and I became a doctor.\nMy story is really my mother's story----a woman with little education greatly changed my life as a parent. So I believe there is no job more important than parenting.", "id": "middle1567.txt"}