{"answers": ["D", "B", "A", "D"], "options": [["for the ants to live in", "to get sunlight in", "to keep the sand clean", "for the boy to watch"], ["The ants have the spirit of teamwork.", "The ants give up when they face frustration.", "The ants should be admired for their hard work.", "Teamwork and perseverance are indeed the keys to success."], ["To share a personal experience.", "To tell readers a story about ants.", "To warn readers not to build an ant farm.", "To call on readers to learn from the ants."], ["Persistent   and friendly.", "Selfish and foolish.", "Clumsy   and lazy.", "Hard-working but pessimistic  ."]], "questions": ["The family created an ant farm in a glass box because it was easy   _  .", "Which of the following is NOT the lesson from the ant farm?", "What's the writer's purpose of writing the passage?", "What did the writer think of the ants?"], "article": "I learned about life from an ant farm. When I was seven years old, my family created one. First, we put clean sand in a thin glass box and put the ants into it. Soon they got to work making tunnels. I was amazed that each one knew exactly what to do. With my mom's help, I kept a record of what happened each day and named the ants.\nOne day when I had put my face close to the structure (building), accidentally I knocked it over, and all the tunnels fell in. Although the ants survived their earthquake, one by one they began to die. I was frightened as I watched them give up their tunnel-building to carry the bodies to a corner of the farm. My mother reported that the ants were dying of \"frustration  \". They simply could not stand the reality that their tunnels had been destroyed.\nAlthough much time has passed, I still think of that ant farm. Over the years, I came to realize the ants have the spirit of teamwork. Working together, they were able to create an amazing world for themselves. I also learned that they should be admired for their hard work. Day in and day out, each worked at their task. The ant farm showed that teamwork and perseverance   are indeed the keys to success. But there was an even larger lesson that I did not realize until recently --Adversity   is a natural part of life, and must be accepted. Unlike the ants, humans cannot give up when they face disappointment.\nSo I try to live my life like those hardworking ants. But, unlike them, I try not to let frustration defeat   me. I will have to keep building my tunnels.", "id": "middle1578.txt"}