{"answers": ["D", "C", "D", "C"], "options": [["How to make rules.", "Why to make rules.", "Why to punish kids.", "How to educate kids."], ["Beating them.", "Telling them empty threats.", "Limiting their TV time.", "Using punishments which are not mentioned in rules."], ["Punishing them.", "Keeping silent.", "Asking them to do some housework.", "Telling them how disappointed you are."], ["Punishment is the best way to educate kids.", "Breaking rules is common, so we don't need to pay too much attention to it.", "Parents set ways of punishment in order to make kids know the price for breaking rules.", "More pressure should be given to kids."]], "questions": ["What's the passage mainly about?", "Which of the following is the most popular way to punish kids?", "In the writer's opinion, which is thought to be the best way to express anger to kids?", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?"], "article": "Many parents like setting family rules for their kids. When kids break rules, parents will give them some punishments, which aren't included in rules. In fact, when you tell your kids about a new rule, you should talk with them about the price they should pay for breaking the rule -- what the punishment will be.\nPunishments you set should be reasonable, without violence or threat  . For example, if you find your son smoking, you may limit his social activities for two weeks. You should punish your kids only in ways you have discussed before the rule is broken. A study shows that the most popular punishment is to limit kids' TV time.\nIt's understandable that you'll be angry when rules are broken. Punishment is a way to express your anger, but it's not a very good one. Sharing your feelings of anger, disappointment or sadness with your kids can have a better effect   on them. Try to do that. When your kids know what they have done has made you sad, they will feel _ . When they know their actions influence you greatly, they will obey rules better.\nRules are made to help your kids behave better. If your rules or ways of punishment make them unhappy or under a lot of pressure, are they helpful?", "id": "middle1581.txt"}