{"answers": ["C", "A"], "options": [["Take care of yourself when you are out.", "Tell the truth, even when you are wrong.", "Keep some animals to protect them.", "Use the Internet, but keep away from bad thing"], ["be top students", "do more at school", "care for others", "use the Internet"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, which of the following is not true?", "The passage tells us how to  _  ."], "article": "New rules and behaviour standards   for middle school students came out in March. Middle school is going to use a new way to decide who the top students are. The best students won't only have high marks. They will also be kids who don't dye   their hair, smoke or drink. Here are some of the new rules.\nTell the truth. Have you ever copied someone else's work on an exam? Don't do it again! That's not honest. If you have played computer games for two hours in your room, don't tell your parents that you have done homework.\nDo more at school. Good students love animals and care for other people. April is Bird-Loving Month in our country. Is your school doing anything to celebrate? You should join! That way, you can learn more about animals and how to protect them. Have you ever quarreled with your teammates when your basketball team lost? Only working together can make your team stronger. Be friendly to the people you are with. Try to think of others, not only yourself.\nBe open to new ideas. Have you ever thought that people could live on the moon? Perhaps you'll discover  Earth II someday. Don't look down at anyone. Everyone's ideas are important. You should welcome them, because new ideas make life better for everyone.\nProtect yourself. Has someone ever taken money from one of your classmates? Don't let it happen to you. If you have to go home late, you should let your parents know.\nUse the Internet carefully. The Internet can be very useful for your studies. But some things on the Internet aren't for kids, so try to look at Web pages that are good for you. You can use the Web for fun or homework.", "id": "middle1586.txt"}