{"answers": ["B", "C", "D", "A"], "options": [["young chimpanzee that live on an island", "18-month-old children who live in Germany", "kids who are living with adult chimpanzees", "adult chimpanzees that live on the African mountain"], ["people also share information for good reason", "children know something at the age of 18 months", "chimpanzees do good things for no real reason, too", "humans should develop their abilities 6 million years ago"], ["Thirty-six chimpanzees joined in this experiment one by one", "No chimpanzee saw what the other chimpanzees had done", "The animals hadn't met the person before the experiments", "Chimpanzee gave the person the stick in order to get a reward"], ["both chimpanzees and children can find their way to help others", "chimpanzees will reward good food to other chimpanzees", "children is more generous than chimpanzees in some ways", "both chimpanzees and children can do the difficult experiments"]], "questions": ["Warneken and his partners worked with   _  .", "A new study in Germany suggests that   _  .", "Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?", "From the passage we know that   _  ."], "article": "When an animal helps another animal, it usually gets something valuable in return. For a long time, many scientists thought that only people could act generously just because it feels good.\nHowever, a new study in Germany suggests that chimpanzees  also do good things for no real reason. And so do children who are as young as 18 months of age. Maybe it is because humans and chimpanzees share an ancestor  about 6 million years ago.\nPeople and chimpanzees appear to develop such features  without any other training, says Warneken, a scientist in Germany. Warneken and his partners worked on adult chimpanzees that live on an island in the African country of Uganda. They also worked with 18-month-old children in Germany. The researchers performed three experiments on the adult chimpanzees and two experiments on the kids. In the first animal experiment,a person tried to reach his arm into a cage to get a stick,but he couldn't reach it. A chimpanzee was in the cage,and it could reach the stick if it wanted to.\nThirty-six chimpanzees took part in this experiment one by one, and no chimpanzee saw what the other chimpanzees had done. Even though the animals hadn't met the person before, they usually took the stick and gave it to the person. What's more, they did this whether or not the person offered them bananas as a reward. In a similar experiment, 36 children acted in a similar way. They helped the person reach the stick, whether or not they were offered toys for their help.\nResearchers did other experiments on chimpanzees and babies. No rewards were offered in either experiment. And still, both the chimpanzees and children went out of their way to help. Still, the new study is different from earlier findings. Researchers have found that chimpanzees don't give rewards of food to other chimpanzees, even if it costs them nothing to be generous.", "id": "middle1600.txt"}