{"answers": ["D", "A", "D", "C"], "options": [["Treating wastewater needs much energy.", "The water on the earth is becoming less and less.", "The water on the earth is becoming polluted more.", "Rainwater harvesting can meet a lot of your home's water needs."], ["washing fruit and vegetables under a tap", "using a bowl to wash your fruit and vegetables", "making sure taps are fully turned off all the time", "turning off the tap every time after brushing your teeth"], ["Save Water by Turning off the Tap", "How to Treat and Clean Wastewater", "Keep Your Garden Green with Rainwater", "Save Water Starting with Small Changes"], ["we can get enough water by harvesting", "most people pay no attention to saving water", "we can practice rainwater harvesting in a small way", "harvesting water is more necessary than conserving it"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, which is NOT the reason that people should save water?", "According to the passage, all of these can be used to save water except   _  .", "Which of the following is the best title of this passage?", "From the passage, we can know that  _  ."], "article": "Saving water is an important part of going _ . As water becomes less and polluted more, conservation   becomes more and more important. The less water you use, the less wastewater will end up in our rivers and lakes. Wasting water means that more water needs to be treated and cleaned, a process that requires quite a lot of energy.\nAs it is said above, cutting down on water usage is one of the most important things you can do for your local environment and the planet as a whole. That is why more green households are going blue: cutting down their water footprint by conserving and harvesting   water.\nIt may seem like a big concept, but going blue starts with small changes that everyone can make. Something as simple as turning off the tap while you brush your teeth can save a lot of water. Wash your fruits and vegetables in a bowl rather than under a tap to save even more. Make sure that the taps are fully turned off every time you step away from the sink or the shower -- all those little drips can add up to a lot of water waste.\nAnother way of reducing your water footprint is reducing your dependence on the main water supply. Rainwater harvesting can meet a lot of your home's water needs. Many of us already practice rainwater harvesting in a small way. Collecting water from your gutters   is a great way to keep your garden green without running the sprinkler  .", "id": "middle1605.txt"}