{"answers": ["B", "C", "A"], "options": [["they are especially talented people", "they don't want or need to learn too much", "they have to spend a lot of time on it", "they have a chance to go abroad"], ["forget your own goals", "become a talented language learner", "get tired of learning it", "reach your learning goal"], ["Easy Language Learning", "Hard Language Learning", "Fluency in a Foreign Language", "A way of Language Learning"]], "questions": ["In the writer's opinion, it is easy for adults to learn English if   _  .", "The writer believes that if you want to be good at a foreign language, you will probably   _  .", "The best title of this passage would be   _  ."], "article": "Is learning a foreign language ever easy? Yes. If you are five and move to another country, you will quickly pick up the language. But what about for the rest of us who are no longer five, and need to be polite when traveling for business or for pleasure? I think that answer is also yes. Language learning can be easy if you don't want or need to learn too much.\nThe key to successful language learning in my mind is not to set the goal too high. It is rather like running. Even if you run twice a week, you don't necessarily want to be able to run a marathon  . You might just want to keep a level of fitness. I think the same can be true for language learning.\nLet's get back to the goal. If you decide to learn ten words in a foreign language before visiting the country, you know that you will be sure to do this. However, if you decide to talk to people with great fluency  , unless you are quite a talented person, you will probably fail and give up in half-way.\nIt is also far easier to start learning a foreign language than to finish. In other words, the better you are, the slower it can be to improve, because you will not be able to move further because of grammar, making sentences, learning less common words, etc. If you are only trying to learn a few foreign words and sentences, you will enjoy faster progress, have more fun, and won't have to spend too much time.\nThe idea of learning only a few hundred words in a language, and then stopping, isn't the usual way to language learning, but it can be a very meaningful and enjoyable activity.", "id": "middle1610.txt"}