{"answers": ["A", "A", "A"], "options": [["A planet with water.", "A planet similar to the earth.", "A planet without life.", "A planet near the earth."], ["is at the right distance from its star", "moves around the earth", "is as far away from us as the moon", "can be reached in about 220 years"], ["Gliese 581g, a Likely Living Planet", "Gliese 581, a Likely Living Planet", "Gliese 581g and Its Star", "Gliese 581g and Radiation"]], "questions": ["What did scientists find in September 2010?", "According to the article, Gliese 581g   _  .", "Which of the following is the best title for the passage above?"], "article": "After spending years searching for a planet with life, scientists may have found one. In September 2010, a team of US scientists discovered a planet called Gliese 581g. It has a surface temperature neither too hot nor too cold for liquid water. Scientists think there is a chance that the planet could have life.\nThe planet Gliese 581g goes around a star called Gliese 581, which is about 20 light-years from Earth. That is about 194 trillion kilometres -500 million times farther away from us than the moon.\nA spacecraft traveling at a one-tenth of the speed of light would reach Gliese 581g within about 220 years. A human can't live that long, but robotic explorers could make the job easier. However, our fastest spacec raft don't come anywhere near that one-tenth light-speed mark.\nAt present, scientists don't know what the surface might be like on Gliese 581g. What they know is that the planet is at the right distance from its star to have liquid water. It's also at the right distance to have an atmosphere that could protect the water if it is on the surface.\nAlthough spacecraft won't be getting there anytime soon, one way to look for life on Gliese 581g is to turn our radio telescopes towards the planet and search for radiation . By studying the radiation, scientists would find out about the chemicals around the planet and discover if Gliese 581g has an atmosphere. If it has one, studying the atmosphere would give us a good idea whether the planet has life or not. But it'll probably be many years before we can do this properly.\nPeople have been arguing about whether there is alien life on Gliese 581g. Any discussion about alien life is just guessing at this point, according to its discoverers.", "id": "middle1652.txt"}