{"answers": ["A", "B", "D"], "options": [["It is the H7N9 virus.", "It is the H5N1 virus.", "It is the H1N1 virus.", "It is A H7 virus."], ["About 35.", "About 9.", "About 44.", "Nobody had died."], ["Wash our hands with soap and running water before we eat, after we use the toilet, and after touching animals or animal waste.", "When we cough or sneeze we should cover our mouths and noses with a mask,tissue or a sleeve.", "We should get a good rest and do exercises to make our bodies strong enough.", "We should try to eat much and sleep much as possible as we can."]], "questions": ["What's the name of the influenza virus that hit Shanghai, Anhui, Jiangsu and Zhejiang this March?", "How many people had died by April 11according to the report?", "Which is NOT true about protecting us from being infected by animal influenza viruses?"], "article": "Spring is an inviting season for outdoor activities. But be careful--the warm weather is also a hotbed for viruses  and disease.\nThis March, the influenza  A(H7N9) virus hit Shanghai, Anhui, Jiangsu and Zhejiang. It was reported that by April 11 at least 35 people had been infected   with the H7N9 virus, and nine of them had died.\nThe influenza A (H7N9) virus is one type of influenza A H7 viruses. Influenza A H7 viruses normally spread among birds.\nThis is the first time human infections with H7N9 viruses have been reported in China. Earlier reports were about H5N1 and H1N1.\nAll the three viruses are influenza A viruses but they are not the same. H7N9 and H5N1 are animal influenza viruses that could infect people. However, H1N1 viruses can be divided into two groups. One group can normally infect people and the other normally infects animals. Also, H1N1 can spread from human to human, but H7N9 probably can't, according to the World Health Organization (WHO).\nMost people infected with H7N9 looked like they had the common flu. Some people had bad pneumonia . They suffered from a fever, a cough and shortness of breath.\nBut don't be afraid - it is not easy to be infected with the virus. One of the possible reasons is close contact with sick poultry   waste. People may also be infected through breath, according to National Health and Family Planning Commission.\nHere are some tips from the WHO that can protect you from being infected.\nWash your hands with soap and running water before you eat, after you use the toilet, and after touching animals or animal waste.\nWhen coughing or sneezing cover your mouth and nose with a mask ,tissue  or a sleeve.\nGet a good rest and do exercises, which will help make your body strong enough to stand up to the virus.", "id": "middle1657.txt"}