{"answers": ["D", "D", "D", "C", "A"], "options": [["For 30 years.", "For 10 years.", "For 45 years.", "For a century."], ["enjoy the beauty of the buliding", "visit the stores", "take the trains", "see movies"], ["It's in New York City.", "It's one of the most-visited places in the world.", "It's the largest train station in the world.", "It has been changed much over the years."], ["have worked for the station for 30 years", "have given tours of the station for 30 years", "show interest in the station", "create the modern preservation movement for the station"], ["The station won't be changed.", "People will spend one month celebrating its anniversary.", "More and more people will catch the trains in the station", "The station will become larger and larger."]], "questions": ["How long has Grand Central been in service ?", "A lot of people can't   _   in Grand Central.", "Which of the following statements about the station is WRONG?", "Both Dan Brucker and Justin Ferate   _  .", "Which of the following statements can we infer according to the passage?"], "article": "A famous building in New York City is turning 100 years old. A year-long celebration is planned for Grand Central Terminal, which is usually called Grand Central station, the sixth most-visited place in the world.\nThe huge building has not changed much since it opened in February, 1913. About 750,000 people pass through Grand Central every day. Some just come to look at it, others to visit the stores. But most are there to catch the trains that enter and leave from the station. It is the largest train station in the world. There are 67 train tracks, all of them underground.\nThe main part of the building has large, arched windows, a jeweled four-sided clock and ticket windows. Grand Central has been seen in many movies through the years. Dan Brucker is with the New York Transit Authority, which operates the station. Dan Brucker has worked for the transit authority at Grand Central for 30 years. In all those years, he has not lost his interest in the building.\nJustin Ferate, a historian, has been giving tours of Grand Central Station for 30 years. He says the station was designed to make travel a pleasure.\n\"Why people don't run into each other in Grand Central is simple: each block of stone in Grand Central is the length of your leg. Each block of stone in Grand Central is the length of your arm. Each block of stone is a different color, so it's a checkerboard, based on you.\"\nA ten-year-long fight against plans to build a huge office building over Grand Central in 1968 helped create the modern preservation  movement. Now, no one would think of changing the beauty of the station.", "id": "middle1661.txt"}