{"answers": ["C", "C", "A", "D", "B"], "options": [["to write about kindness.", "to be kind to strangers", "to spend time helping other", "to go out to raise money"], ["Chuck's students are not clever enough", "the students didn't do Chuck's homework", "Chuck Wall is an unusual teacher", "no students enjoyed Chuck's homework"], ["the students got good grades in Chuck's class", "kindness activities are not widely accepted", "Chuck Wall was not good at designing homework", "the students only helped people they knew"], ["to deal with difficult things", "to do great things every day", "to know about the world", "to consider other people"], ["Learning Kind Things", "Teaching Kindness", "World Kindness Day", "Bakersfield College"]], "questions": ["The professor's homework was to ask his students   _  .", "We learn from the passage that   _  .", "It is certain that   _  .", "In kindness activities students learn   _  .", "Which is the best title of the passage?"], "article": "Chuck Wall teaches management and human relations at Bakersfield College. He walked into class one day and told his students that their homework was to perform one act of random  kindness. His students did not understand the homework and didn't know what to do, but the professor would not answer their questions. He encouraged his students to work it out for themselves.\nOne week later, the students entered the classroom excited to share their stories. One student told of giving away blankets to the homeless. Another reported on helping a dog to find its owner, and another student had been trying to find a long, lost friend. Students were energized   by the homework assignment and wanted other people to be kind too. With the support of local businesses, the students made stickers to put on cars that invited people to do something kind for others. They sold the stickers and decided to donate the money to a center for the blind---not surprising as Professor Wall is blind.\nSince then, similar kindness activities have been started in schools around the world. Many schools organize a Random Acts of Kindness Week, around November 13th, to celebrate World Kindness Day. Some schools use each day of Random Acts of Kindness Week to perform a different kind act, such as making a new friend, helping someone, doing community service, or raising money for a charity. Students learn to consider other people and thank about how small actions can make the world a better place.", "id": "middle1666.txt"}