{"answers": ["B", "C", "D", "D"], "options": [["lost his job", "got serious heart disease", "decided to be a volunteer at a Children's Hospital.", "was busy helping others"], ["By visiting her.", "By bringing her a lot of presents.", "By offering his love.", "By drawing a lot of pictures for her."], ["Because he wanted to show how well he could draw.", "Because he could only move his head.", "Because the little girl liked him to do so.", "Because he wanted to show the girl everything was possible."], ["The girl's disease", "Stephen's work", "How the girl was saved", "Love is more powerful"]], "questions": ["Stephen couldn't work for a long time because he  _  .", "How did Stephen help the little girl in the hospital?", "Why did Stephen only move his head when he was drawing a picture?", "Which is the best title of the passage?"], "article": "Stephen used to work in a company. Unfortunately  , he got serious heart disease . He couldn't work for a long time. Thinking he could still do something for others, he decided to be a volunteer at a Children's Hospital. Stephen loved children very much. With his love, he did his job well. Sometimes he lost his children. They died. At that time, he would tell these sad parents that he would soon be with their children in heaven   and he would take care of them. His words seemed to help those parents.\nThere was a girl who could not walk because of a disease. She couldn't do anything and she was very sad. What was worse, the doctors said that they could do little for her. Stephen decided to try to help her. He started visiting her, bringing paints, brushes and paper. He put the brush in his mouth and began to draw. He didn't use his hands at all. Only his head would move. He always told her that she could do anything she wanted.\nAt last she began to draw with her mouth. She and Stephen became friends. By and by, the little girl was getting better and better. She was allowed to leave the hospital. One day. to Stephen's great surprise, she walked to see him on her own feet! She gave him a picture she had drawn. At the top, it read: \"Thank you for helping me walk. It's all because of your love.\"\nLove can sometimes be more powerful than doctors and medicines. Love makes our world more beautiful and colorful.\nStephen died a few days after the girl gave him the picture.", "id": "middle1697.txt"}