{"answers": ["B", "D", "B", "C"], "options": [["which has regular snow", "which is not well prepared for snow", "for which snow is not a problem", "for which snow is a wonder"], ["traffic", "communication", "food supplies", "service quality"], ["shops have closed down", "people buy as much as they can", "farmers can't produce any more", "people eat more vegetables in winter"], ["spreading salt is good enough", "old people need more money", "snow ploughs are not used often", "the hospital is more important"]], "questions": ["According to the writer, Britain is a country  _  .", "The arrival of snow in Britain affects all of the following except  _", "After a few hours' snowing there are often shortages of food because  _", "The first reason that the British don't buy snow ploughs is that  _"], "article": "It's interesting that the arrival of snow has a different effect on people in different countries. For some countries it is an important happening to celebrate each year, while for others it is a catastrophe   or even a wonder.\nThere are countries between these two extremes   that normally expect snow some time over the winter months, but never receive snow regularly or in the same quantities  every year. Britain is one such country, for which the arrival of snow quite simply creates problems. Within hours of the first snowfall, however light, roads are blocked, trains and buses stop in the middle of traffic. Normal communications are affected as well, telephone calls become difficult and the post immediately takes more time than usual. Almost within hours, there are also shortages  -- bread, vegetables and other things -- not because all these things can no longer be produced or sent to shops, but mainly because people are frightened, and go out to store up these commodities  , \"just for fear that something bad should happen.\"\nWhy then does snow have this effect? After all, the Swiss, Austrians and Canadians don't have such problems. It is simply because there is not enough planning and preparation. We need money to buy equipment to deal with snow and ice. To keep the roads clear, for example, requires snow ploughs and machines to spread salt. The reason why a country like Britain does not buy some ploughs is that they are only used for a few days in any one year, and the money could be more useful in other things such as hospitals, education or helping the old.", "id": "middle1708.txt"}