{"answers": ["B", "C", "D", "C"], "options": [["He bullied another student.", "He is going shopping.", "His is being picking up early.", "He is being given a prize."], ["He was going outside.", "He was reading a story.", "He was sleepwalking.", "He was looking for his dad."], ["Tony got up and had a glass of water.", "We came home and found him sleeping.", "The ball was lost and a window was broken.", "Tim was late again and his teacher got angry."], ["Truth and lies", "Work and sleep", "Cause and effect", "Life and dreams"]], "questions": ["Abi has to go to the head teacher's office. Which of the following isn't the possible cause?", "What was Doug doing when his sister Cait tried to fall asleep?", "Which of the following is cause and effect?", "What is the best title for the next?"], "article": "Cause and effect is one way to explain things that happen around us. Many things happen because something caused or influenced them to happen. Sometimes it is hard to look at a cause and find out what caused or influenced them to happen. Sometimes it is hard to look at a cause and find out what causes the effect. It may help you to start with the effect and use your reasoning  skills. Think about all the things you know that could be reasons for the effect you can see.\nFor example, you may see someone putting on a heavy jacket. This is the effect. To look for a cause, think to yourself, \"What would take someone put on a heavy jacket?\" Maybe the person is going outside into very cold weather. Maybe the person works in the penguin pen  at Sea World. Maybe the person is going to visit an ice skating rink where the air is kept very cold. All of these things could be a cause for putting on a heavy jacket.\nNow, think about a second example. The effect is a boy named Abi has to go to the head teacher's office. What are the possible causes? Maybe he bullied  another student. Maybe he is just being picked up early. Maybe he is being given a prize!\nHere is another example for you to think about its cause and effect. Cait, 13, was trying to fall asleep when her 8-year-old brother, Doug, came into her room. He looked around a bit, but seemed really out of it. Then Doug went back into the hallway and stood there looking straight up at the hall light for quite a while. Little brothers can be very strange, but this was really much too strange. Cait's father appeared and explained that Doug was sleepwalking. What's the cause end effect, could you tell?\n,.", "id": "middle1731.txt"}