{"answers": ["B", "B", "A"], "options": [["Three", "Four", "Five", "Six"], ["English should be added in interesting places.", "Everyone in Yangzhou should speak English.", "The Slender West Lake needs more signs along the trails.", "The maps on the tickets for Ge Garden need improving."], ["a foreign visitor", "a lady sweeping in the park", "a taxi driver", "a guy riding a tricycle"]], "questions": ["How many places of interest are mentioned in the passage?", "Which of the following I NOT the writher's advice?", "We can infer  the passage may be written by   _  ."], "article": "In April, 2013, I visited Yangzhou.\nGe Garden is very beautiful and peaceful. The ticket has a map on the back of it that I didn't noticed until I had already left. But to be honest, I don't think that map is very useful because it isn't very clear an tailed. In my opinion, it's better to improve it. Compared with He Garden, the map on the back of the ticket for He Garden is much clearer, more detailed and more useful. However, in the room that has the picture of the family members, there is only Chinese, no English, so my advice is to add English in interesting places. I got lost in the Slender West Lake. I spent about 30 minutes just trying to get out of one area. I think they need more signs posted along the trails. I like the Slender West Lake best, as she is so pretty! The ladies that were sweeping were very sweet. They always smiled at me and said hello, so it was nice.\nTaking a taxi is the most efficient  and quickest way to get around Yangzhou. I didn't have a problem getting to the places which I'd like to go to while using a taxi. The driver was very friendly. The fare isn't too high, either. But I didn't enjoy taking the bus. The bus ride to the Mastixia Bay   took long although I only had to pay one yuan. It was also hard finding where Bus 32 was. I tried asking some people in English but they couldn't understand me, so I had to ask in simple Chinese that I only know buy that still didn't work. I spent about one hour walking around the city to look for Bus 32. The tricycle  was nice, but it was a little too expensive for a small distance. Maybe I was _ by the guy who rode for me, but it was an enjoyable ride. I felt like I was part of the garden city more.\nOver all I am satisfied with Yangzhou and will recommend it to others.", "id": "middle1751.txt"}