{"answers": ["C", "C", "A", "B", "C"], "options": [["Because his son joined many team sports.", "Because his son was a good student.", "Because his son always made him feel proud.", "Because his son loved him very much."], ["10 years old.", "12 years old", "14 years old.", "16 years old."], ["A computer.", "Some computer games.", "Some books.", "A computer book."], ["About two hours every day.", "About two hours every week.", "About two hours every month.", "The whole day."], ["Peter likes to study a lot now.", "It wasn't necessary for children to learn how to use a computer.", "Many children have lost interest in studying because of computer games and the Internet.", "Children shouldn't use the computer."]], "questions": ["Why did the writer think his son was the best in the past?", "How old is Peter now?", "What did the writer buy for his son as a birthday present two years ago?", "How long did Peter play computer games at first?", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?"], "article": "As a father, I always do my best to help my son, Peter. I like to help him with his study. I encourage him to join team sports. I send him to the summer camp if he wants to go. I also teach him to be both a good student and a useful man.\nHe used to make me feel proud. I often thought he was the best son and I was the best father in the world.\nHowever, things changed two years ago. It was Peter's 12th birthday. My wife and I bought him a computer as a present. We thought it was necessary for him to learn how to use a computer in the modern world. We knew that some children were addicted   to computer games and that they didn't study or work at all. Someone said that computers and the Internet were bad for children, but I didn't worry about it. I trusted   my son. I believed that he could control himself. Peter did very well at first. He played computer games, but for only two hours every week. Most of the time he studied or wrote articles on the computer. We felt very happy to see that.\nWhen we finally learned that Peter was also addicted to computer games, it was too late. He didn't like studying at all. He no longer joined team sports. Sometimes we even couldn't find him at night. He spent several days and nights at the Internet cafe. We tried everything to help him, but nothing worked. What should we do?", "id": "middle177.txt"}