{"answers": ["B", "D", "C", "A"], "options": [["hehad lost his job and wanted to find a new one.", "he had to support his family in Boston.", "his wife had recently died of a heart attack.", "his daughter needed money for schooling."], ["Bruce invited the writer to lunch later.", "Bruce shared his life experience with the writer.", "Bruce was willing to help the writer.", "Bruce finally gave the job to the writer."], ["Bruce and the writer saw each other often.", "the writer got little help from Bruce.", "the writer learned much from the job interview.", "the writer had a better life afterwards."], ["An Act of Kindness", "A Pleasant Interview", "The Same Experience", "An Important Lesson"]], "questions": ["The writer took part in the interview because   _  .", "Which of the following statements is NOT TRUE according to the passage?", "We can infer  from the passage that   _  .", "What is the best title for the passage?"], "article": "I was being interviewed by a senior manager for a major insurance  company. I told him honestly why I wanted the job----I needed to keep my family in Boston. My wife recently died of a heart attack. A job in Boston would help me reduce some of the extreme trauma   and pain of the loss for my 16-year-old daughter. It was important for me to keep her in her high school. I could still hardly talk about the loss of my wife.\nBruce, the interviewer, was politely empathetic, but he didn't probe any further. He admitted my loss and with great respect, moved on to another subject. After the next round of the interview, Bruce took me to lunch with another person. Then he asked me to take a walk with him. He told me that he, too, had lost his wife. And, like me, he had also been married 20 years and had three children.\nIn his sharing, I realized that he had experienced the same pain as I had -----a pain that was almost impossible to explain to someone who had not lost a beloved one. He offered his business card and home phone number and suggested that, if I need help or just want someone to talk to, I should feel free to give him a call.\nWhether I got the job or not, he wanted me to know that he was there if I ever needed help. When he had no idea if we would ever see each other again, he helped our family deal with one of the greatest losses. He turned the normally cold business interview into a caring support for another person in need.", "id": "middle180.txt"}