{"answers": ["D", "A", "B", "C"], "options": [["locusts are good runners", "locusts can jump very high", "locusts are smarter than birds", "locusts can change their color"], ["do not have bright colors", "change their colors with the soil", "do not live in a dark and wet environment", "Eat colorful insects like butterflies and bees"], ["changes its color", "makes the water around it black", "appears only at night", "hides itself in the sea rocks"], ["Some insects and animals have different skills.", "Some insects and animals are clever than we think.", "Some insects and animals use colors to protect themselves.", "Some insects and animals can get used to the environment easily."]], "questions": ["It is not easy for birds to catch locusts because  _  .", "According to the passage, most soil insects  _", "The ink fish  _  so that its enemies will not see it?", "What is the main idea of this passage?"], "article": "In nature, you may see many insects  and animals of different colors. Have you ever wondered why?\nLocusts are super delicious food for birds,but it is not always an easy job for birds to catch them.It is neither because locusts are good jumpers or runners nor because they are smarter than their enemies. The reason is that the colors of locusts change with the colors of crops . When crops are young,locusts look green. But when autumn comes, locusts change to the yellow and brown color as crops do.\nBrown bears,tigers and other animals move quietly through forests. They can't be seen easily by their enemies. This is because they have colors similar to the trees. For the same reason, polar bears that live on a land of snow and ice are white. Butterflies and bees living among the flowers are colorful like flowers. Soil insects are mostly dark-colored and they live under the soil  in a dark and wet environment. However, insects with colors different from plants can easily be found and eaten by others. So in order to _ they have to hide themselves in the daytime and appear only at night.\nHave you ever noticed some even stranger acts? The ink fish in the sea can send out some very black ink when it faces danger. As the ink spreads over , its enemies will find themselves suddenly in a dark world. At the same time the ink fish immediately swims away. That is how it keeps itself safe though it is not strong at all.", "id": "middle1800.txt"}