{"answers": ["D", "A", "C"], "options": [["the difference between the two blood types", "the relationship between the two blood types", "the influence of blood type on one's behavior", "the connection between personality and blood type"], ["Most scientists in Asia don't believe in the theory.", "The blood-type theory began in Japan in the 1970s.", "The blood-type personality theory is about blood type.", "People don't change their personality to match the theory."], ["Is the blood-type theory changeable ?", "Is the personality changeable?", "Is it in your blood?", "Is it in you mind?"]], "questions": ["The writer uses blood type A and O as an example to explain   _  .", "Which of the following is true according to the passage?", "What is the best title for the passage?"], "article": "In the West, some people believe that personality can be predicted according to the time of the year the person was bor. From China comes the belief that the year of birth influences one's personality. In the past century, a new belief ahs arisen: the idea that personality is related to one's ABO blood type. People with blood type A, for example, are considered more likely to be serious, hard-working, and quiet, while people with blood type O are likely to be popular and outgoing, yet often unable to finish what they start. Though this belief continues to be strong, some people question whether it is true.\nThe blood-type personality theory  started in Japan in 1927 when Furukawa Takehi noticed personality similarities and differences among his workers. This idea soon went out of fashion, but was brought back by a Japanese television host named Toshitaka Nomi in the 1970s. The belief is still strong in Japan and is increasingly popular in neighboring countries. _ A recent study showed 76 percent of Koreans aged between13 and 64 believing in the blood-type personality connection. Though most Asians might believe in the blood-type theory, for many it seems harmless and not something to be taken too seriously.\nIs the belief true? The scientists in Asia largely think the belief as a modern-day superstition . Most studies have failed to find any strong connection between blood and personality. Generally, scientists are against making predictions or important decisions based on this questionable theory.", "id": "middle1810.txt"}