{"answers": ["B", "C"], "options": [["we should look up new words before reading", "it is sometimes difficult to read a science passage", "the six steps are helpful in learning spoken English", "interesting stories help readers to improve their English"], ["steps of studying science", "difficulties in reading science", "ways of reading science passages", "researches on science and English"]], "questions": ["From the passage, we can know   _  .", "The massage is mainly about   _  ."], "article": "Many textbooks are not written in the kind of English that we speak every day. In fact, sometimes the reading is so difficult that it almost seems like a foreign language. In a way, it is--the language of science. You should not expect to be able to read a difficult science passage the same way you read an interesting story; you should not expect to read it easily and all at once. Instead, you may have to read it several times through, catching on the meaning of difficult words, going back over difficult sentences, and finally putting the whole thing together. Do not be discourages if the whole passage don't make sense to you at first. You need to pick it apart patiently until you can understand it.\nThese are the steps to follow when you are reading something difficult:\n1. Start to read normally until you _ a sentence that doesn't make sense to you.\n2. When a sentence doesn't make sense, go back and read it again more slowly.\n3. Look for any word you don't know in the sentence. Try to understand their meanings using word parts and context clues . If necessary, look them up in the dictionary.\n4. Look at the next few sentences to see if they explain more about the sentence you are working on. Do not read very much farther ahead until you understand what is being said.\n5. Finally, read the sentence again. Try to put it into simpler words.\n6. Read through the passage once. Try to understand all the hard parts well. Then read the whole passage once more at a usual speed. This helps you to put all ides together.\nThe stops sound a lot harder than they are. It is really just the normal way good readers understand anything that is difficult to read. After you have done the best you can this way, you should always feel free to ask for help from your teacher, if you have one.", "id": "middle1816.txt"}