{"answers": ["C", "D", "A", "B", "D"], "options": [["there are more traffic jams and accidents in America than in China", "traffic policemen are often seen in the street in America", "California may have as many cars as China", "You can easily find that a car does not obey traffic rules in the street in America"], ["you can go ahead", "you can turn left", "you can have a u-turn", "you must stop"], ["yellow", "blue", "red", "white"], ["Any car can park at any time or any period time in the streets in some residential areas.", "While giving a signal of turning left and being safe, you can turn left in the middle lane of turning left", "At any case, cars have the priority to passengers.", "You can park your car at any one of the three parking lines."], ["the priority of passengers and cars", "the traffic lights", "the stop line", "American traffic rules"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, we can know  _  .", "When you meet a stop line while driving a car in the crossing without traffic lights,,  _  .", "Which color is not include in the parking lines in America ?", "Which of the following is true?", "This passage mainly talks about  _"], "article": "In America: There are many more cars than in China. Maybe the number of cars in California is the same as the number in China. But there are fewer traffic jams and accidents in America than in China. We hardly see traffic police in the street, but all cars obey traffic rules strictly , and people hardly find that a car does not obey traffic rules in the street.\nAbout America traffic rules, there are many better terms , such as:\n1. Stop line: There are stop line in all crossing without traffic lights(some have two stop lines and others have four stop lines); all cars must stop while meeting the stop lines.\n2.Traffic lights: There are traffic lights in the crossing of the road .Cars may almost turn every direction. the traffic lights can give signals step by step including u-turn . There is a kind of middle lane of turning left. When a car wants to turn left in the road, he may enter into the middle lane of turning left and give a signal of turning left. When he thinks being safe he may turn left.\n3. Specific item: Such as parking, there are three kinds of lines (its color are white, blue or red) in the roadside. Every line may park different kinds of cars. There are streets in some residential  areas, and no car can park at any time or any period time.\n4. About the priority   of passengers and cars: At any case, passengers have the priority to cars. But only after passengers have passed the road and gotten the top of sidestep, cars may go ahead. In general, traffic rules of America are very specific, convenient and safe.", "id": "middle2028.txt"}