{"answers": ["D", "B", "C", "D"], "options": [["they can sleep all day long", "they want to leave their homes.", "they want to play with their friends", "they can get things with less money."], ["an ID card", "a credit card", "an IC card", "a room card"], ["You can shop on-line at www.officedepot .com", "You can not shop on-line at www.rossstores.com.", "You can only do window-shopping at www.amazone.com.", "You can shop on-line at www.safeway.com."], ["Because it will be changed.", "Because the store will not use your information.", "Because we can not use your credit card when shopping.", "Because people sometimes steal credit card numbers."]], "questions": ["Some people use the Internet to shop because   _  .", "If you want to shop on the Internet, you need   _  .", "Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?", "Why should we be careful with our credit card number?"], "article": "Shopping on the Internet is becoming more and more popular. Why do people use the Internet to shop? Some people say it is more convenient. They don't have to leave their homes to order something; they can shop for anything they want at any time; they can find things for sale that they can't find in the Mores near their homes. Still other people say they can find better prices on the Internet.\nIf you want to buy something on the Internet, you need a credit   card. You have to type your credit card number and information on the website   and send them to the store over the Internet. You have to be sure that the store will not use your information in the wrong way. You don't want someone to get your credit card number, so be careful with it, because people sometimes steal   credit card numbers from stores.\nTV Internet is also a good place to go window-shopping. Window-shopping is when you look at the things for sale in a store, but don't plan to buy anything. In window-shopping you can see what kinds of things you are able to get and how much they cost. Some stores like Ross Stores have a website for information about their Mores, but not for shopping. Some stores have a website for information about their stores, and you can shop on line there, such as Office Depot, Payless Shoe Source and Safeway. Some stores like Amazone.com are only for on line shopping", "id": "middle2049.txt"}