{"answers": ["D", "D", "C"], "options": [["learn English and send e-mails", "get more information", "play computer games", "all of the above"], ["go online for longer time", "stay in the classroom doing more exercises", "go to the English Corner every afternoon", "do more out-of-class activities at school"], ["Playing basketball or football.", "Singing and dancing.", "Drawing or reading.", "Going to the English Corner."]], "questions": ["Many of us like going online because it can help us  _  .", "According to the speaker,  in our spare time we should  _  .", "If you are free on Tuesday afternoon,  what out-of-class activities can you have at school?"], "article": "Good morning,  boys and girls. Today I'll talk about going online.\nWe know that there are too many net bars around us. The Internet can make our lives interesting and enjoyable. Many of us like going online very much because we can learn how to use the computer and can get more information from the Internet. We can learn English. We can read some good newspapers and magazines. It can make us clever in playing computer games. We can send e-mails to our friends quickly. We can chat freely online with our friends. It can help us to get in touch with people from all over the world.\nBut every coin has two sides. Net bars also bring us a lot of trouble. For example,  some students spend too much time in playing computer games and some stay in the net bars all day and all night. Some girls even get to have boyfriends or some boys get to have girlfriends online. They write too many letters to each other. It takes them too much time to chat online,  so they do worse and worse in their lessons and they don't study well any more. I think we mustn't get online when it is time for us to study. We can do it in summer or winter holidays or at the weekend.\nAt the same time,  if we have lots of free time,  we can do some out-of-class activities at school. We usually have activities from4' 50 to 5- 50 in the afternoon. We can play basketball or football on Monday or Thursday afternoon. We can join some interests groups in school,  such as drawing or reading on Tuesday afternoon,  or singing and dancing on Wednesday afternoon. We can go to the English Corner on Friday afternoon. We hope we can spend more time on our subjects or on such activities.", "id": "middle2053.txt"}