{"answers": ["C", "D"], "options": [["She did not want to", "He always thought of her maths and science first.", "She had to earn money to pay for her sister's study.", "She thought it more useful to make money."], ["She received two Nobel Prizes", "She was the first woman to work at the Sorbonne", "She helped her sister finish school.", "She worked hard without taking care of the fame and honors she received"]], "questions": ["Marie did not go to Paris with her sister because  _  .", "The greatness of Marie's life in fact is that  _  ."], "article": "She was a poor girl who worked to get money to pay for her lessons. She became the famous woman scientist of her time. That's the story of Marie Curie's life. She didn't mind working and she didn't care about the honors that were given to her in later years.\nMarie was born in 1867. Her name was Marie Sklosovska then. She lived in Poland. Her father was a teacher. Everyone soon saw that Marie had a quick mind.\nMarie's mother died when her youngest daughter was only ten. From then on, Marie knew that she would have to work hard at her lessons if she wanted to be successful in her life. She studied very hard and was one of the best students at her school.\nMarie and her older sister, Bronya, wanted to study in France at the Sorbonne. But their father didn't have enough money to send them there. It was Marie who had an idea: she would teach at home and send her money to Bronya. After her sister finished studying in Paris, she would get work and send Marie the money to study there herself. So Marie worked very hard for six years to pay for her sister's studies. At last it was Marie's turn but when she got to France, her sister was married and could not give her much help.\nAgain Marie worked. She studied in a small room without heat or light. She lived on bread and tea most of the time. But all she thought of was her maths and science. This was her world.\nAfter four years' hard work, Marie and her husband found something which was called radium . They were given the Nobel Prize for their great discovery . But they were too ill to go Stockholm themselves to receive it.\nMarie always said that it was because of her children that she want her work. And she discovered a hidden power and gave it to the world. It was the same power, however, that killed Marie in 1934.", "id": "middle2071.txt"}