{"answers": ["C", "A", "B", "C"], "options": [["The address system was used to make make web pages.", "The World Wide Web was created in Swizerland.", "The fist web browser was very expensive to buy", "Many people could use the Internet before 1990"], ["He was encouraged to be creative.", "He didn't do well at school.", "He is a very poor businessman.", "He is well-known all over the world."], ["England.", "Switzerland.", "America.", "Canada."], ["The events that took place in 1990.", "The history of the Internet.", "The invention of the Internet browser.", "The man who created the World Wide Web."]], "questions": ["Which of the following statements is true according to the passage?", "What can we learn about Berners-Lee from the passage?", "Where does Berners-Lee live today?", "What is the passage mainly about?"], "article": "1990 was a significant year in world enents. In Febbruary, Nelson Mandela was set free after 27 years in prison. In October, East and West Germany became one country again. Then at the end of 1990, the World Wide Web was born. For this final event we have one man to thank, Tim Berners-Lee, the father of the Web.\nBerners-Lee was born on June 8, 1955 in London, England. His parents, both computer designers, encouraged him to think and work creativelhy as he grew up. He was an excellent student and naturally took an interest in computers and science.\nAfter graduating from Oxford University, Tim went to work at a science research centre in Sfwitzerland. There be developed some of the different systems that would later become the Web. The first was HTML, the computer language used to make web pages. The second was an address system that let  computers anhywhere find each other and send and receive information. In 1990, while still at the science centre in Switzerland, he put them together to make the first Internet browser. It could run on any computer and allowed people to create  share their information with the rest of the world.\nTim knew that the more people used the Web, the more useful it would be. He wasn't interested in money but knowledge, so he gave out his invention for free to anyone who was interested. Many were interested and the growth of the Internet began.\nToday Tim works as a professor at the MIT in America, researching new and interesting ways to use the Web. He has received many awards from governments and organizations for his efforts. He is still not very interested in money. That is why he is so admired by his students and workmates. It may also be one of the reasons that few people outside the world of technology know his name.", "id": "middle2078.txt"}