{"answers": ["D", "A"], "options": [["some suggestions about cars", "an advertisement", "the changes to the climate", "the ways to protect the environment"], ["turning off the electricity when it isn't needed can do good to the environment", "electricity won't cause great trouble to our environment", "cars using less energy will not put greenhouse gases into the air", "recyclable products are marked with the ENERGY STAR label"]], "questions": ["The passage is mainly about   _  .", "From the passage, we can learn that   _  ."], "article": "Learning about the environment is very important. There are many good books that will help you learn. To get started, ask your teacher or your friends for some advice. You can also look at some good websites with information about the environment and climate change. Climate change may be a big problem, but there are many little things we can do to make a difference.\nDriving a car or using electricity is not wrong. We just have to be smart about it. Some people use less energy by sharing a car. For example, four people can ride together in one car instead of driving four cars to work. Whenever we use electricity, we put greenhouse gases into the air. By turning off the lights, the television, and the computer when they aren't needed, you can help a lot.\nDon't buy products   that use too much energy. Some products, like certain cars, are made specially to save energy. These cars can travel longer on less gasoline  . They don't pollute as much, either. Products like computers, TVs and VCRs with the ENERGY STAR label   are made to save energy. Buying products with these labels will help protect the environment.\nBuy recyclable   products instead of non-recyclable ones. Recyclable products are usually made out of things that have already been used. It usually takes less energy to make recyclable products than to make new ones. So when you go shopping, look for the recycle mark on the package. The less energy we use, the better.", "id": "middle2187.txt"}