{"answers": ["C", "A", "D"], "options": [["guard", "doctor", "writer", "painter"], ["cannot do a lot of close work without glasses", "can only see things that are very close to their eyes", "have the same problem as the nearsighted people", "have difficulty reading a book if they hold it at arm's length"], ["with wide open eyes", "with half shut eyes", "straight at it", "in a slightly different direction"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, a   _   is more likely to be nearsighted.", "People who are farsighted   _  .", "To see a small thing at night, we need to look   _  ."], "article": "When we can see well, we do not think about our eyes often: It is only when we cannot see perfectly that we come to see how important our eyes are.\nPeople who are nearsighted  can only see things that are very close to their eyes. Many people who do a lot of close work, such as writing and reading, become nearsighted. Then they have to wear glasses in order to see distant things clearly.\nPeople who are farsighted face just the opposite problem. They can see things that are far away, but they have difficulty reading a book if they don't hold it at arm's length. If they want to do much reading, they must get glasses too.\nOther people do not see clearly because their eyes are not exactly the right shape. This, too, can be corrected by glasses. Some people's eyes become cloudy because of cataracts  . Long ago these people often became blind. Now, however, it is possible to operate on the cataracts and remove them.\nWhen night falls, colors become fainter  to the eyes and finally disappear. After your eyes have grown used to the dark, you can see better if you use the side of your eyes rather than the centers. Sometimes, after dark, you see a small thing to one side of you. It seems to disappear if you turn your head in its direction. This is because when you turn your head, you are looking at the thing too directly. Men on guard duty sometimes think they see something moving to one side of them. When they turn to look straight at it, they cannot see it anymore, and they believe they were mistaken. However, this mistake happens because the center of the eye, which is very sensitive   in daylight, is not as sensitive as the sides of the eye after dark,", "id": "middle2228.txt"}