{"answers": ["A", "A", "D", "D"], "options": [["Haiyan", "Bebinca", "Danas", "Cimaron"], ["Yes, it is", "No, it isn't", "Yes, it isn't", "No, it is"], ["21", "18", "19", "20"], ["The environment is worse and worse and we have no ideas about it.", "The environment is worse and we needn't do anything about it.", "Saving our environment is not so complex.", "The environment is a big problem and we must take simple steps"]], "questions": ["What is the most terrible typhoon in 2013? It is   _  .", "Warsaw isn't in Poland,is it?", "How many years have we heard the warnings? For nearly   _  years.", "Which of the following is NOT FALSE?"], "article": "This past month saw one of the most devastating storms in history brings death and destruction on the Philippines. The number of lives lost is still being calculated, but it is already sitting above five thousand. In the flurryof news about the storm and its after-math, the cries of \"I told you so\" from environmentalists rang out loud and clear.\nThese scientists were especially vocal during the United Nations Climate Change Conference, which just wrapped up in Warsaw, Poland. The timing of the conference and Typhoon Haiyan was an eerie coincidence, but perhaps the concurrence offered a wakeup call for all.\nChristiana Figures, Executive Secretary of the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) said, \"We are witnessing ever more frequent extreme weather events, and the poor and vulnerable are already paying the price.\"\nScientists claim that storms like Typhoon Haiyan are an inevitable result of the effect greenhouse gases are having on our environment. Environmental analysts claim that rising temperatures around the globe and changing weather patterns are all part of the same problem.\nThis isn't breaking news. We've heard the warnings for years. The UN has been hosting the Climate Change Conference since1995.But the changes that need to be made are huge. Added to this, the developed nations and developing countries have competing interests that are difficult to settle. The issue of who takes responsibility becomes difficult to resolve.\nWe may feel far away from Poland and resolving conflicts between countries, but we mustn't feel far away from the issue. When we watch neighboring countries suffer in severe weather, when we hear reports of increasing global temperatures, when we walk outside and find it difficult to breathe the Shanghai air, we know we have a very real problem. So what are we going to do about it? Are we making every-day choices that can have a positive impact? Are we reducing our carbon footprint? Are we choosing to walk, ride a bicycle or take public transportation instead of a car? Are we recycling? Are we turning off the lights and electronics whenever possible?\nThe problem is complex, but saving our earth starts with each of us taking simple steps.", "id": "middle2364.txt"}