{"answers": ["D", "B", "D", "A"], "options": [["Global warming.", "Pollution.", "Hunting.", "Travelling."], ["Polar bear fur is white.", "Perhaps the writer will drive his car less.", "It's harder for polar bears to find food in summer.", "Polar bears left have a good, happy life."], ["To show that the number of polar bears is getting smaller.", "To tell people that polar bears will soon have nowhere to live.", "To let people know why polar bears are in danger.", "To talk about polar bears and suggest that people protect animals."], ["A magazine about animals.", "A book about greetings.", "A poster about working plans.", "An instruction book."]], "questions": ["According to the passage, which of these answers does NOT make sea ice less?", "What can we learn from the passage?", "What is the main idea of this passage?", "Where can this passage come from?"], "article": "Do you think of white when someone talks about a polar bear? In fact, the polar bear does not have white fur. It just appears to be white. Polar bears have a very good sense of smell. It helps them to find food. During summer, polar bears sleep longer, because they are able to find their food more easily at night. Usually, after a meal, polar bears have a short sleep. A polar bear can have 2-3 babies at a time. They live with their mothers until they are about two-and-a-half years old.\nHowever, polar bears will die out soon because of people. There are only 20,000 to 25,000 polar bears in the world. The ones that are left are trying to survive today. The number of polar bears is becoming smaller and smaller because of the loss of sea ice-- polar bears mostly inhabit   the sea ice, not the land ice. This is happening because of global warming  , pollution, hunting and so on.\nOrdinary people don't care, but great people have the power and want to save tigers, fight for giant pandas and save polar bears. Ordinary people will wait, but great people will find a new world. For me, I will not waiting. I will take the bus more often from now on. Join me and save the polar bears, and, of course, the tigers, the giant pandas and...", "id": "middle2374.txt"}