{"answers": ["D", "A", "B", "A", "A"], "options": [["Because the weather changed each day.", "Because he did not want to work for a small television station.", "Because he did not like to stand in front of the camera.", "Because he felt that his job was always the same."], ["Because he thought that his job did not matter much to anyone.", "Because he only worked for a small televison station.", "Because he did not like his boss.", "Because the weather report was boring."], ["Because he felt excited.", "Because he wanted to warn people of the coming storm.", "Because he realized that his job was actually very important.", "Because he wanted to smile in front of the camera."], ["Because he wanted to do a special weather report.", "Because he wanted to ask his boss for more money.", "Because he knew there was going to be a big storm soon.", "Because he was going to stand in front of the camera."], ["People were safe from the storm because of his weather report.", "He got better pay after he did the weather report.", "People liked him very much.", "He did a special report every day."]], "questions": ["Why did Bob feel that his life was boring?", "Why did Bob rarely smile when he was in front of the camera?", "Why did Bob ask to do a special weather report?", "Why did Bob feel excited?", "How did Bob realize that his job was actually very important?"], "article": "Bob Harris was a weatherman at a small television station. He worked for twenty years and during those twenty years, he felt that his life was boring. Every day, he studied the weather and tried to predict the next day's weather. Then, he stood in front of the camera and read his report. Some days it was cloudy, some days it was sunny; sometimes rainy, while sometimes snowy. The weather changed each day, but Bob still felt that his job was always the same. His boss often told him to be happier and smile more in front of the camera, but Bob rarely smiled. He thought that most people did not watch his weather report and his job did not matter much to anyone. One day, he arrived at work and began to study the weather as usual. He noticed that something was different that day.\nEverything he studied told him that there was going to be a very big storm very soon, though he was not completely sure. Suddenly, Bob felt excited. He ran to his boss's office and asked to do a special weather report. The boss agreed and Bob gave a special report that afternoon, warning people of the coming storm. Because of this report, many people were safe during the storm.\nBob realized  that his job was actually very important.", "id": "middle2422.txt"}