{"answers": ["D", "B", "B"], "options": [["Because he was too excited that day.", "Because his roommates were watching football games on TV.", "Because one of his roommates was sick and groaning.", "Because he was sick."], ["Because Sam didn't have enough money for an operation.", "Because Sam was sent to the hospital in time.", "Because Sam was much afraid of having an operation.", "This article doesn't tell us the reason."], ["Sam , Robbie and the writer lived in the same room.", "Sam was feeling very well after taking some pills.", "Robbie and the writer also went to the hospital.", "Robbie and the writer didn't sleep after they came back from the hospital."]], "questions": ["Why couldn't the writer go on sleeping that night?", "Why didn't Sam need an operation?", "Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage?"], "article": "I was sleeping soundly last night when I was awakened by someone's groans .I listened , and heard it was from Sam,a student from Africa. I really wanted to go on sleeping, as I had insomnia and had just fallen asleep, but I couldn't because Sam groaned louder and louder,showing he was seriously ill.\nAt that time , Robbie,a student from China , also got up to help. We found some pills,got some water , and helped him sit up to take them, hoping this would make his pain go down a little and get over the difficult time. If only daytime would come soon, everything would become easier.\nThings went contrary)to our wishes. Sam's condition developed from bad to worse. We telephoned the emergency service , and in no time an ambulance stopped in front of our gate. We helped the medical workers carry Sam to the vehicle,and then both Robbie and I got in and took Sam to the hospital.\nWe helped him go through many medical examinations. After all kinds of tests,we were told that the final diagnosis was appendicitis . Luckily , Sam didn't need an operation because we brought him to the hospital in time. He got timely treatment.\nAfter Sam felt much better , we rushed back to prepare ourselves for the class. We were a little tired , but we had certainly done something good,something right.", "id": "middle2459.txt"}