{"answers": ["D", "C", "B"], "options": [["A singer", "A typist", "A professor", "An interpreter"], ["helpful", "meaningful", "painful", "hopeful"], ["She gets a lot of help through her blogs.", "She is in love with a young man at present.", "She got medical treatment soon after the accident.", "She had no job and earned little before the accident."]], "questions": ["What's the writer's present job?", "All of the following words can be used to describe the writer's present life EXCEPT  _  .", "According to the passage, which of the following statements about the writer is TRUE?"], "article": "\"The only thing holding you back is yourself. Never say never\", said a rising 17-year-old singer, Justin Bieber, who was just an ordinary boy in Canada a few years ago.\nAfter the accident of falling from the 18th floor and lying in the snow for three hours, my hands were frozen and my spinal cord  was seriously injured. All the doctors and professors in the famous hospitals in Beijing told me that there was little chance for my hands and my body to recover  .\nAfter half a year of medical treatments and recovering exercises , I could not make any more progress for over a year . What was worse , I suffered a lot from depression ( ).On top of this , I suffered from insomnia , I couldn't fall asleep the whole night. Hopelessly , mom and I came back to my hometown, which is small town in Guangdong.\nAt that time , I thought that I would never be able to walk again. I would never love and be loved. I would never be able to earn even a penny. I would never be able to repay the kindness I got from my parents and many nice people . Life was meaningless.\nNow two years has passed.My hands are 80% recovered.I can even type faster than a healthy person ! Up to now, I have worked for a company as an interpreter for half a year already. Although I don't earn as much as before, I am able to pay for the food and clothes I need. What's more , I even have extra money to buy thanksgiving presents for my parents and my boyfriend. Through my blogs( ) , many people get to know me and like me.I can bring happiness to them. I can help those who are still suffering from depression and the pain of illnesses by chatting with them....You see, I am living a meaningful life and I am happier than ever I could have dreamed.\nSo, my friends, never say never. As long as you are alive , there is always hope and possibilities. It is never too late to take action to realize your dreams.", "id": "middle2557.txt"}