{"answers": ["C", "C", "B", "A", "B"], "options": [["he had a big argument with his father", "he wanted to learn to be independent", "he didn't get enough care from his parents", "his parents were always arguing at home"], ["Daniel lost his way in the forest.", "The heavy snow blocked the way.", "Daniel fell down and got hurt.", "A puma wanted to attack Daniel."], ["Because it was getting dark.", "Because the rock was hidden by snow.", "Because he was frightened by a puma.", "Because he was too sad to notice it."], ["In the tree.", "On the top of a rock.", "Behind the rock.", "Before a cave."], ["Puma in danger", "A caring puma", "Rescue of a boy", "A homeless boy"]], "questions": ["Daniel ran away from home because   _  .", "What was the 'disaster'?", "Why didn't Daniel notice the rock that caused him to fall?", "Where was the puma when Daniel first saw it?", "What is the best title for the story?"], "article": "Daniel Olin was 11 years old when his parents moved to Canada. He liked his new school and made friends there, but then things at home started to change. His mum and dad began to argue and the arguments got worse and worse until one day, Daniel's mum left. With his father working long hours, Daniel felt very lonely and very unhappy. He wanted to escape, to run away. And that's what he did.\nVery early one terribly cold morning when the snow was deep on the ground, he packed a bag with some clothes, some chocolate and a map of Canada and set off to a forest. He ran and ran until he could hardly breathe. His feet were heavy with the snow but he still walked on through deep snow, not even watching where he was going.\nThen, disaster struck. A rock hidden by the deep snow caught his feet and Daniel fell to the ground. He had broken the bone. He was very cold and was starting to feel tired, but he knew that if he fell asleep in the snow, he would certainly die from the cold.\nA tree shook ahead. From within the branches , a pair of yellow eyes watched Daniel. The puma had been following him. A puma is a large wild cat with claws that could tear  Daniel into pieces. But instead of moving in for the kill, the puma walked up to Daniel and lay across his chest, arms and legs. Daniel was too frightened to move, but soon the warmth of the animal reached Daniel and he began to feel better. From time to time, the puma pressed his muzzle   against Daniel and rocked his head gently. Clearly, the puma knew that Daniel must not fall asleep. This animal should have been a real danger to Daniel and yet the boy began to feel safe.\nThey remained like that for several hours until Daniel and the puma heard voices. The rescue   team had found them.", "id": "middle2575.txt"}