{"answers": ["B", "C", "A"], "options": [["January", "August", "May", "November"], ["the Great Singapore Sale is held twice a year", "the Shopping Marathon lasts for more than two months", "Orchard Road is Singapore's best shopping street", "Marina Bay is a lonely street with small shops"], ["They will buy many goods and have to do lots of walking.", "It is not safe for them to take heavy bags with them.", "There is heavy traffic in the shopping districts of Singapore.", "Travelling with too many things is not allowed in Singapore."]], "questions": ["You will see the Great Singapore Sale if you go to Singapore in   _  .", "We can learn from the passage that   _  .", "Why are tourists advised to travel light if they want to enjoy the shopping festival?"], "article": "Shopping in Singapore is really a pleasure for tourists. The Great Singapore Sale is held every year, usually during the summer months. Singapore's famous shopping stores welcome a great number of visitors from all over the world. Their shopping hours last till midnight. During this time, nice and cheap goods are on sale for tourists to choose from. Tourists can also try delicious foods there and experience the Singaporean nightlife.\nCertain stores offer discounts of up to 70 percent or even higher if people use their credit cards. For tourists that hold a special Tourist Card, they can enjoy a lot of benefits , such as discounts on watches, jewellery and cosmetics  . The card also gives discounts when you visit local attractions such as Singapore Zoo.\nIt is well worth checking out in the different shopping districts of Singapore during this 8-week Shopping Marathon. Orchard Road is surely the best place for shopping in the city. A large number of restaurants and clubs can be found in this area. Marina Bay includes both big department stores  as well as small shops, so everything you would want to buy can be found here.\nAdvice for tourists planning to enjoy this festival of shopping: travel light and take a comfortable pair of shoes with you, for you are sure to do a lot of walking and return with your bags much heavier.", "id": "middle259.txt"}