{"answers": ["B", "B", "D", "D"], "options": [["Writing letters", "Texting", "Making telephone calls", "Making appointments"], ["To help students write personal letters.", "To open handwriting lessons in middle schools.", "To send the students abroad to learn handwriting skills.", "To ask the students not to send massages with mobile phones."], ["to write business and personal letters", "different kinds of writings", "to use correct spelling, punctuations and grammar", "to draw pictures"], ["In 2004", "In 2012", "In 2013", "In 2014"]], "questions": ["Which is the most common way of communication among young students today?", "What did the British government decide to do to improve students' handwriting skills?", "Through the handwriting lessons, the British students can't learn  _  .", "When will the British government begin the handwriting lessons?"], "article": "Now more and more people communicate  by sending messages with mobile phones, sending e-mails or even chatting on line. How about our pen, pencil or paper? Which one do you think is easier and more convenient, handwriting or texting  ?\nToday, texting is the most common way of communication, even among young students. People don't write letters anymore. They usually send e-mails to their friends. From texting to e-mails, it seems like keyboard   are _ the good old pencil and paper. As a result, many students are poor in handwriting. Some even don't know how to write normal words we often use.\nIn order to improve students handwriting skills, the British government  recently decided to open handwriting lessons in middle schools. The British government hopes the students will be able to learn how to write business and personal letters properly at any length . The students will also be taught different kinds of writings. They will also learn to use correct spelling, punctuations  and grammar. The handwriting lessons will begin in 2014. Why don't you practice handwriting and write letters to your family and friends to surprise them?", "id": "middle2620.txt"}