{"answers": ["D", "A", "C", "B"], "options": [["work hard at everything we do", "enjoy the best share of everything", "look for treasure in order to be successful", "pay more attention to their strong points"], ["be polite and friendly", "give up some rights", "get away arguing with other people", "be ready to change his or her character"], ["is modest and generous", "is selfish and lazy", "does not draw a lesson from his or her own fault", "is very happy with unpleasant quality"], ["train you to be perfect", "show you the way to be happy", "tell you how to act when you dislike a person", "teach you how to be popular among your friends"]], "questions": ["One of the two ways the writer suggests for us to get along with others is to   _  .", "If a person wants to be popular, he or she has to   _  .", "There is no person but someone should be blamed if he or she   _  .", "The purpose for the writer to write the passage is to   _  ."], "article": "For a long time being happy was considered something that just happened, and there was nothing special about it. Now we know that getting along with other people is something that we can work at. It is possible to act in such a way that other people will like us better. One way is being unselfish, not wanting everything from our friends. Another way is to look for good points, not bad points in other people. It is surprising how successful this treasure hunt can be.\nYou do not have to be spineless   in order to be popular. In fact, you will be liked or loved if you are not afraid to stand up for your rights  . But do it politely and pleasantly. Being friendly and polite to your group, to other people and to strangers and especially to those who do not look important or do not interest you is one way to develop a good character.\nYou cannot expect to be perfect, and you must learn not to be unhappy when you make mistakes. Everyone makes mistakes, and no one is to be blamed if he does not refuse to learn from them. Many young people become discouraged   when they know in themselves qualities that they do not like--selfishness, laziness, and other unpleasant qualities. Just remember that we all have some of these faults   and have to fight against them.\nAt the same time, it is important to remember that while you are probably no worse than others, the best way to be happy is to think yourself above other people. When something is wrong, it is good sense to try to make it right. Perhaps you do not like a teacher or a classmate. Try to see why, and look at yourself, too, to be sure that you are not doing anything to make that person dislike you. Some day, things may turn out all right when you have to learn to get along the best with the situation, without thinking too much about it. Worrying never helps in a situation you cannot change.", "id": "middle2622.txt"}