{"answers": ["D", "D", "C", "C"], "options": [["She sleepwalked to a friend's house.", "She dreamed of making plans with a friend.", "She phoned one of her friends during the night.", "She read a text message from her friend while asleep."], ["judgment", "language", "memory", "motor skills"], ["Stop text during the daytime.", "Take some medicine to control the behaviour.", "Keep their phones out of their bedrooms while they sleep.", "Wear socks on their hands to stop themselves from texting."], ["It's easy to give up a sleep texting habit.", "One in three teenagers has a sleep texting habit.", "Sleep texting can reduce the quality of one's sleep.", "Sleep texting does more harm to one's health than sleepwalking."]], "questions": ["What happened to Olivia Priedeman?", "Which part the brain controls keeps awake while asleep?", "What does doctor Hogan suggest people who sleep text do?", "We can learn from the passage that   _  ."], "article": "When US student Olivia Priedeman, 17, woke up one morning, she thought she had had a dream about making plans with a friend.\nBut it wasn't a dream. Her phone showed that during the night, Priedeman had read a text message from her friend. She did it while she was fast asleep.\nReading and sending text messages while asleep--called \"sleep texting\"--is an unusual sleep behaviour, similar to sleepwalking. It's also a growing concern  among doctors: young people can't live without their cell phones.\nOne in three teenagers sends more than 100 text messages a day, according to the Pew Internet & American Life Project. And at least four out of five teenagers said they sleep with their phone on or near their bed.\nElizabeth Dowdell, a professor at Villanova University in Pennsylvania, has studied sleeping texting. She said that having a phone nearby all night is a big part of the problem.\nAndrew Stiehm, a sleep medicine expert with Allina Health in Minnesota, agrees. It's possible for the part of the brain that controls motor skills   to wake up, while the part of the brain that controls memory and judgment  may be still asleep. That's why some people can perform basic movements ---such as walking, talking, texting or even driving--while they're sleeping. Some of Dowdell's students said that they're disturbed by their nighttime texting behavior. But because sleep texting is _ , it's a difficult habit to break. Dowdell said she knows of some students who wear socks on their hands to keep themselves from texting.\nMarjorie Hogan, a doctor at Hennepin County Medical Center in Minneapolis, Minnesota, suggests keeping all electronic devices  outside the bedroom at certain times.", "id": "middle2716.txt"}