{"answers": ["A", "B", "D"], "options": [["Becoming An Adult", "It Is No Good Becoming An Adult", "Becoming A Voter", "Adulthood Is always A Long Way To You"], ["nobody can be called an adult", "becoming an adult is a long process of becoming learned and self-assured", "adults are not self-confident", "only adults can budget time and money perfectly"], ["You don't know you're growing up because changes are gradual.", "You used to beg for toys when you were young.", "Even if you are quite grown up , you still need to acquire knowledge.", "People will never be wise, brave or self-assured."]], "questions": ["The best title for this passage may be   _  .", "According to the passage, the writer may probably think that   _  .", "Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?"], "article": "When do you become an adult, a grown-up? At eighteen? Twenty-one? Thirty? Adulthood may seem a long way to you, but the fact is that you are in the process of becoming an adult right now. The changes are so gradual)( that you may not notice them ,but you can be sure that they're happening.\nWhen you were a child, a parent or an older relative probably bought your clothes and helped you clean up your room. Now you are likely to have a clothes allowance, to care for your bedroom, and to share other cleaning chores. You may once have had trouble getting your homework finished on time. By now, you may have learned to pace yourself. You know how much time you need. Do you remember begging your parents to stop for ice cream, or take an after-school job when you want money for a new clock radio? Of course, you don't always budget your time and your money perfectly. Your room doesn't always pass inspection. And you are often less than even tempered when something upsetting happens. But you're learning.\nAs you get older, you have more privileges  and more responsibilities. You may baby-sit for younger brothers and sisters, help cook dinner, and do odd jobs to contribute to the family income. You may get to stay up to watch a late movie on television, sit in on adult conversations, take subways and buses alone, or go on camping trips with your friends. Eventually, you will have a job and an apartment of your own.\nYou'll become a voter and perhaps a husband or wife, maybe even a parent. But doing things adults do does not necessarily mean you will be wiser, braver, or more self-assured. It takes time to acquire knowledge and build self-confidence. Adults need to test themselves in the world, just as you do as a teenager. Being an adult is a continual process of growth.", "id": "middle2747.txt"}