{"answers": ["C", "B", "D", "A", "D"], "options": [["help to improve other types of robots", "are most active in industrial revolution", "are playing a more important role than other types of robots", "are the tallest type among robots"], ["more widely used than factory robots", "less common than factory robots", "capable of doing any kind of housework", "free from making mistakes while performing  duties"], ["They do not have so many limits as humans do.", "They have man-made brains.", "They may be equipped with a special kind of sensing device.", "They handle information by using zeroes and ones."], ["science and technology are developing fast", "people are interested in new inventions", "machines are more capable than humans", "robots can be very interesting"], ["are better than human in seeing and hearing", "are as capable as those in \nStar Wars", "can pick up objects more quickly than humans", "sometimes perform wrong actions"]], "questions": ["From the passage, we can see that factory robots   _  .", "It seems that home robots are   _  .", "Robots may deal with information that humans can't. Which of the following is not one of the reasons?", "The development of robots suggests that   _  .", "According to this passage, present home robots   _  ."], "article": "Not long ago, the only time you could see a robot was when you were reading a novel or watching a movie such asStar Wars   . Today, however, a lot of things in science stories have been science facts. Robots are starting to appear in our everyday lives. These robots have different sizes, shapes, and colors. But they all have the same type of man-made \"brain\". Leading the robot revolution  are industrial  robots that work in factories. Industrial  robots can do different kinds of jobs that are often boring and sometimes dangerous. Robots are also coming to American homes, though not as quickly as they are entering factories. These robots aren't as friendly and bright as those you saw in Star Wars.But, their makers say, today's home robots \"walk\", sense objects  in their way (and sometimes knock into them), and even carry objects (which they sometimes drop). Well, nobody is perfect.\nWe may laugh at home robot today, but some day they may see and hear better than humans do. We humans can only see certain wavelengths  of light, and hear certain sounds. That's because the abilities of our eyes and ears are limited. Robots, however, need not have the same limits as we have. Robot may also be equipped with devices that pick up information humans can't. To understand what their sensing devices  pick up is a hard job. Remember, man--made brains handle information, including all kinds of data, as zeroes and ones. Imagine the difficulty in trying to explain to a robot what a football looks like--using only zeroes and ones.", "id": "middle2748.txt"}