{"answers": ["D", "A", "D", "A"], "options": [["reaching in Atlantic on May 19th , 1845", "entering a bay on July 19th , 1846", "arriving at Baffin Bay in July 1845", "coming into Baffin Bay on July 26th , 1845"], ["in August 1850 on Devon Island", "in January 1846 near Baffin Bay", "on May 19th , 1845 near Baffin Bay", "in January 1846 on Devon Bay"], ["Franklin was a British sailor .", "According to the passage , people don't know why they died and what happened to them in the passage .", "On July 26th , 1845 some sailors saw Franklin's ship entering Baffin Bay .", "Franklin's ships had everything they needed , so it was too heavy to sail ."], ["The Mystery of the Franklin Expedition", "Franklin's Ships", "Iceberg Was the Killer", "Sailing sometimes Was Very Dangerous"]], "questions": ["Franklin's ship was last seen by some sailors when_.", "At last the first signs of the Franklin Expedition were found_.", "Which of the following statements is NOT right?", "The best title of the passage is_."], "article": "Franklin's ships had everything they needed . They had enough food in tins for three years and thousands of litres of lemon juice to stop disease. They also had two libraries with 3,000 books , excellent maps , scientific instruments , musical instruments and a new invention: a camera.\nFranklin and his men left Engand on May 19th , 1845 and they sailed without problems across the Atlantic towards Canada . When Franklin arrived at Baffin Bay in July 1845, things were going very well for the expedition . On July 26th , some sailors saw Franklin's ships when they were entering the bay . That was the last time that anyone saw Franklin and his men alive .\nThe British government became very worried when they heard nothing from Framklin . They sent expeditions to 1ook for him , but the expeditions all returned without any news . The government offered PS20,000 to anybody who could help Franklin or anybody who had information about Frailklin . Nobody came with information .\nThen, in August 1850 some sailors found the first signs of the Franklin Expedition while  they were searching on Devon Island: some old food tins , some papers , and , something very  strange , the graves of three men . The men all died in January 1846 while Franklin was waiting in Baffin Bay for the ice to melt . But why did they die? The three men were all young and three deaths in the first months of the expedition were very strange . What happened to them ? And where were the ships and all the other sailors? The mystery of the Franklin Expedition was growing stronger...", "id": "middle2760.txt"}