{"answers": ["B", "A", "C", "A", "D"], "options": [["they think Chinese students like running very much", "they hope Chinese students become healthier and stronger", "they know Chinese students have no time to exercise", "they find out Chinese students are too lazy"], ["Seven months", "Two months", "In October", "In April"], ["120kms.", "180kms.", "240kms.", "200kms."], ["The campaign started from April last year.", "The campaign asks Chinese students to do exercise.", "The campaign will set running records for each student", "The campaign cares about the health problem of Chinese students"], ["Because they don't think it's safe enough for a student to run such a long way every day.", "Because they don't think it's safe to make so many students run together every day.", "Because they think students are busy with their school work and have no time to run.", "Because they think there are other ways to keep healthy besides worrying about the safe problem."]], "questions": ["Why Chinese government started the running campaign?   Because   _", "How long will the campaign last?   _", "How many kilometers will a high school student run in total during the campaign?", "Which is NOT right according to the passage?", "Why don't some people think the campaign is good?"], "article": "To make Chinese students healthier and stronger, China's Ministry of Education   has started a campaign. The campaign asks students to run every school day. Te campaign has started since October last year and will last until April this year.\nKids at primary schools have to run 1km per day. It's 1.5kms for middle school students and 2 kms for high  school and university students. And records will be set for every student. By the end of April 2009, a primary school student has to run 120kms in total/ A middle school students have to run 240kms by that time.\nSince the campaign started, people have had different ideas about it. Some people think it is good for students. They think the campaign can make students healthier. Some students have little exercise and the campaign can make them run. But some people don't think so. They think some schools don't have enough place for students to do running. If students have to run on the road, maybe it is not safe. They also think there are many ways to become healthier; running is not the only way. So they think the campaign is not a right decision.", "id": "middle2763.txt"}