{"answers": ["A", "D", "C", "C"], "options": [["they use computers too often and many people have forgotten how to write them", "Chinese characters are too difficult to write", "they are using too much English", "the country forgets to stress the importance of the Chinese writing"], ["they don't know how to write a Chinese character in the right way", "they only know how to type out the character on a computer", "they can write correctly with the help of information technology", "they don't know how to make up words or sentences in Chinese characters correctly"], ["By punishing people who can't write correctly.", "By controlling people's use of computers.", "By using information technology.", "By asking them to write everything with hands."], ["Computers are harmful(......) to our handwriting.", "How we can write good Chinese characters.", "Chinese people should not forget the skill of writing with hands.", "Don't forget our mother language."]], "questions": ["People often make a lot of mistakes in writing Chinese characters because   _  .", "The problem of college students' handwriting is that   _  .", "How is China trying to help students and teachers to improve their writing?", "What's the main idea of this passage?"], "article": "China is a nation with a rich culture in handwriting. \"Even though the computer is widely used today, Chinese people should not forget the skill of writing with hands,\" said a Chinese government official .\nNowadays, the computer has become a very useful tool to help people to write. As people use computers more often than before, many people have forgotten how to write Chinese characters  . People often make a lot of mistakes in writing.\nAt present, China is trying to help pupils and teachers to improve their writing with the help of information technology. With the technology, it is hoped that teachers can write their teaching contents   on the blackboard and students can _ by writing, too.\nThe Chinese character test shows that nowadays, many college students' handwriting has become worse. Many college students do not know how to compose   words or sentences in Chinese character in the right way. Not only kids, many adults also have met the same problem. They might be able to tell the general form of a certain character. However, if you ask them to spell out the character in detail  , they can't. On the other hand, they can easily type out the character on a computer.\nIn the national language teaching course, we can solve this problem with the use of certain technologies. Actually, apart from technology, there is a lot that we can do. For example, we may ask students to finish their homework by writing with hands instead of typing.", "id": "middle2771.txt"}