{"answers": ["A", "C", "D"], "options": [["because they are in great need.", "because they look very beautiful", "because they are healthy food", "because they are very expensive"], ["pesticides can be used in mushroom growing", "anyone can produce high quality mushrooms.", "after starting, you should always take care of the mushrooms", "having a mushroom business is not so difficult"], ["Healthy mushrooms", "The value of mushrooms", "How to choose mushrooms", "Suggestions on growing mushrooms"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, many people begin to plant mushrooms probably   _  .", "It can be inferred from the passage that   _  .", "The best title of the passage is   _  ."], "article": "Growing mushrooms  is probably the easiest thing you can do even if you are new to mushroom growing. It is becoming more common because restaurants are starting to create more dishes that include mushrooms.\nMushroom growing is easy. To start, you need to have a space where you are going to grow these mushrooms. It does not have to be a huge space but just enough for you to grow as many mushrooms as you need. When you have found the space perfect for you, you can start researching what kind of mushrooms you want to grow. There are a lot of mushrooms to choose from and not all of them are suitable to eat.\nWhen you decide what kind of mushrooms you want to grow, you can start getting ready to plant the mushrooms. Sometimes you may want to hire some workers to help if you have a large mushroom farm, or if you are trying to start a professional mushroom growing business. Trying to have a business by yourself can be stressful. If you don't have enough time to spend taking care of everything yourself, dome helpers may be the best choice.\nAfter you have started the mushroom growing, you should regularly check that your mushrooms grow properly and that they are not being attacked by any pesticides  or any other animals or something that could be dangerous to them. That is the worst part of mushroom developing. Protect your mushroom farm well with a fence  or a gate so that only you and your workers can get in and out.\nMushroom growing is not difficult and it is easy to get stared in the world of farming. You will soon possibly be able to provide some of the great cooks of the world with high quality mushrooms that will be enjoyed by thousands of people all over the world.", "id": "middle2787.txt"}