{"answers": ["B", "D", "A"], "options": [["success is boring though it can bring us something good", "she would learn more form failure", "it's impossible to do everything successfully", "he wanted her to be strong enough to face failure"], ["we cannot depend on luck to live a good life", "we should try every possible way to avoid failure", "past failures made him afraid of writing more", "the thought of failure will make you work even harder"], ["giving examples", "following the time order", "comparing different ideas", "presenting the reasons of failure"]], "questions": ["why id the writher want his granddaughter to fail?", "the writer talked about his own experience to show that  _", "the writer develop the article mainly by   _"], "article": "Last week, my granddaughter started primary school. And I wished her every success. But part of me didn't. I really wanted her to fail in some ways because I believe that failure can be good for us to grow up. Success is that you can do something that you already know you can do, or doing something correctly the first time. First -time success is usually a luck. First-time failure, in fact, is supposed to be the natural order of things. Failure is how we learn.\nI make my living by writing articles for a daily newspaper. Each week I thought that the article that I write would be the worst. I try my best every day. A successful article usually means that I am discussing the subjects I know well, writing in the way I am used to or saying the same things as anyone else but in an excellent way.\nMy younger daughter is a trapeze artist.she spent three years putting together a show, and she did it successfully for years. There was no reason for her to change it but she did anyway. She was afraid to be bored. She met failure when she tried some new ways in her show. But she did his only in order to feed her soul. \nMy granddaughter is a perfectionist. She will feel her failures, and I will want to _ her. But I will also, I hope, remind her of what she learned, and how she can do better next time. I hope I can tell her, though, that it's not the end of the world. With luck, it is the beginning.", "id": "middle2795.txt"}