{"answers": ["B", "A", "C", "D"], "options": [["Because riding bicycles is very easy and fun.", "Because there are many big squares and nice museums.", "Because there are many bicycle rentals.", "Because it is the capital of Holland."], ["You should find a guide.", "You needn't follow the traffic rules.", "You can enjoy a bus trip.", "You'd better go on the trip alone."], ["You can buy a bicycle by yourself.", "You can go to a bicycle rental to borrow one.", "You can borrow a bicycle in some special bicycle shops for free.", "There are also many car rentals there."], ["Magazine.", "Homepage of Amsterdam.", "Book of travelling.", "Book of science."]], "questions": ["Why do many people visit there every year?", "How can you enjoy more in your trip to Amsterdam?", "What can't you get from this passage?", "This passage may not be from  _  ."], "article": "Amsterdam is one of the most beautiful cities in Holland . It is the capital of Holland. There are many big squares and nice museums. Hundreds and thousands of people from all over the world visit there every year.\nRiding bicycles is a fun and easy way to get around Amsterdam. Most students go to school by bicycle. People ride their bicycles to work. Even the policemen work on bicycles.  There are many roads and traffic signs for bicycles in Amsterdam. There are also many places for bicycle parking.\nIf you travel in Amsterdam, you don't need to take a bus or a taxi, just ride a bicycle. You can reach more places by bicycle than by any other way. It is also fantastic to go for a ride. There are a lot of bicycle shops in Amsterdam. You can buy yourself a nice bicycle at a good price in the shops. If you don't wants to buy a bicycle, you can go to a bicycle rental . You can find one in almost every place of the city. You'd better find a guide when you are travelling in Amsterdam. Because he would take you to some of the city's most beautiful places.\nRiding bicycles in Amsterdam is great fun and relaxing. But there is one thing you must keep in mind. You should always follow the traffic rules.", "id": "middle2804.txt"}