{"answers": ["C", "D", "B"], "options": [["They smoke .", "They sing songs .", "They go to restaurants to eat .", "They drink wine ."], ["They may go to cafes to buy a newspaper and a cup of coffee .", "They may host a party by cooking a large meal for a group at home .", "They may go to cafes for something to eat .", "They may go to cafes to enjoy a glass of wine ."], ["Building up a close relationship with friends is important in all cultures .", "Different cultures have difficult ways of socializing .", "British people socialize by going out for dinner .", "In the US , dinner parties are a common way for friends to spend time together ."]], "questions": ["According to the passage , how do Chinese people relax themselves ?", "When it is 7:00 pm , what may the French do ?", "What is the main idea of the passage ?"], "article": "Building up a close relationship with friends in important in all cultures . But different cultures have different ways of socializing .\nThe Chinese love going to restaurants . Family , friends and co - workers all go out to eat as a way of relaxing . That is why there are so many drunken drivers in China , who could face criminal punishment .\nAlthough British people socialize by going out for dinner , most people meet in pubs . They go there in the evening and sometimes during the day . Most people order wine or beer . Going out for a drink with friends or workmates after work is particulary important British tradition .\nBut for the French , the place to socialize is in cafes . _ are a central part of daily life in France and its culture . People will go to cafes at all times during the day . In the morning , people may go there to buy a newspaper and a cup of coffee . At lunch they may go there for something to eat . Then when it's evening they may return to enjoy a glass of wine .\nIn the US , dinner parties are a common way for friends to spend their time together . One person will host a party by cooking a large meal for a group and the guests will bring drinks or small dishes like desserts .", "id": "middle2835.txt"}