{"answers": ["B", "A", "C"], "options": [["A teacher", "A student", "A parent", "A manager"], ["To thank people.", "To look forward to the future.", "To say sorry.", "To worry about the tests."], ["troubled", "worried", "excited", "humorous"]], "questions": ["Who was the speech made by?", "What's the purpose of the speech?", "Which words can you use to describe the tone?"], "article": "Head teacher, teachers, grandparents, parents and classmates, I'm very proud that I have been chosen to speak to you all today. I'm a bit nervous as I've never made a speech before to so many people, so please forgive me if it shows! www.xkb1.com\nAs we all know, this is the school leavers' party, and it's time to say goodbye to everyone. We're sorry to leave you at the end of our junior high school education, and we promise that we'll never forget the happy times we have spent in these buildings with you all.\nI'd like to thank three groups of people for the three things I've learnt while I've been a pupil at our school. The three things are friendship, love and knowledge.\nThe first group is my friends, and what I've learnt is the importance of friendship. We've worked hard together, we've even shared some difficult times together, but we've also had a lot of fun. Many of us will go to new schools and we may not see each other so often in the future. Others will go on to senior high school and continue their close friendships. But friends don't have to see each other all the time. Sometimes the friends you treasure most are the friends you see less often. A life without old friends is like a day without sunshine. We'll always stay in touch.\nThe second group is our parents and grandparents. We thank you for the love you have shown us during our years at junior high school, for making a home where we feel both safe and relaxed, and where we can prepare ourselves for our school days. We also thank you for your help with our homework. How many of us owe our good grades to the suggestions you have made during those long evenings?\nAnd finally, the third group is our teachers. We can never pay you back for your kindness, your patience, and gift of knowledge which you have offered us; sometimes you've made us work very hard. But you have always been fair and you'll always be our role models. There's a saying from Ireland which is a favourite of mine: Strangers are only friends you haven't met yet.\nI couldn't say it better myself. So from the bottom of my heart, I thank you all and wish you success for the future.", "id": "middle2844.txt"}