{"answers": ["C", "D", "D", "A"], "options": [["America.", "England.", "France.", "Australia."], ["health", "beliefs", "customs", "dreams"], ["chicken", "lamb", "roasted camel", "fast food"], ["Some people may buy some food just because of it's packaging.", "Four Americans died because of Jamie Oliver's speech.", "We have enough food for all the people in the world now.", "Chicken is the largest food on the menu all over the world."]], "questions": ["Where is J.A. Brillat-Savarin from?", "Food can influence us in many ways except our   _  .", "Someone is too fat , maybe because he eats too much   _  .", "Which of the following is true according to the passage?"], "article": "There is a famous saying from the French politician J.A. Brillat-Savarin that goes: \"Tell me what kind of food you eat, and I will tell you what kind of man you are.\" It can be easy to not really think about what you eat. For example, whenever you go into a supermarket to buy a drink, it is all too easy to pick up an ice cream or a piece of chocolate as well. You might not even really want them, but sometimes their bright, nice packaging  can be too hard to refuse.\nSo, in our special food magazine we will show you why you should really pay more attention to what you eat! Food not only influences our health but also our beliefs, customs and personalities.\nThe first article will look at the way fast food is leading to obesity  . The famous cook, Jamie Oliver, has made it his purpose to introduce ideas about healthy eating. In a speech, Jamie Oliver told the world that during the 18 minutes that he gave his speech, four Americans would die because of the food that they ate! Obesity is also a growing problem in China. As China Daily reported in February, the number of obese people under the age of 18 in China has reached 120 million.\nJamie has worked for 10 years to try and fight this problem. Learning about food is important not just because of health problems but also because many people still don't have enough food today. And we know as the improvement of science sometimes we have to face genetically modified   food. Don't worry - we'll make you know more about all these topics in our special article!\nWe'll also tell you something interesting about food. For example, do you know what the largest food on the menu is all over the world? It's the roasted camel and it has been served for several hundred years, often stuffed   with chicken, lamb, egg, fish and rice!\nHopefully by the time you finish reading this edition , you'll pay more attention to the food that you eat. As Oliver says, food is something that can help us enjoy our life. It is important that we love it!", "id": "middle2849.txt"}