{"answers": ["A", "D"], "options": [["Because there are unhealthy materials in them.", "Because people prefer to live in the city center.", "Because landfills are not big enough for trash.", "Because most states are running out of places."], ["How Is Trash Burned?", "What Can Be Reused.", "Why Is Waste Dangerous?", "Where Does Garbage Go?"]], "questions": ["Why don't landfills make good neighbors?", "What is probably the best title for the passage?"], "article": "Most of the things around you will be replaced or thrown away someday. Where will they go when they are thrown out? What kinds of waste will they create, and how will it affect the environment\nMost of our crash goes to places called landfills. A LANDFILL is a low area of land that is filled with garbage .Most modern landfills are lined with a cover of plastic to keep dangerous liquids from polluting earth and ground water supply. The problem is that more than half of the states in this country are running out of places to landfill their garbage. Because of the unhealthy materials, landfills do not make good neighbors,and people don't want to live near them. Many landfills are set in poor neighborhoods.\nThe Fresh Kills landfill on Staten Island, New York, was the largest garbage landfill in the world. For years, people who live nearby complained about air and water pollution caused by the enormous pile of trash. They say that the smoke have made people sick. The landfill closed in\nApril 2001.Now can a harmful waste--material that can pollute air, land, and water -be disposed of in a safe way.\nAnother way to get rid of trash is to burn it. Trash is burned in an _  Because incinerators in operation can get rid of almost all of the trash, some communities would rather use incinerators than landfills. There is a problem, though. Leftover ash and smoke from burning trash may have dangerous chemicals, and even make it hard for some people to breathe. They can harm plants, animals, and people.\nYou can help reduce waste by reusing bottles, batteries, and paper. You can also recycle newspaper, glass, and plastics t to provide materials for making other products.\nFrom recycled materials, many things are made. For example, from recycled paper we can get newspapers, boxes and so on. From recycled plastic we can get soda bottles, tables, and backpacks.", "id": "middle2864.txt"}