{"answers": ["C", "B", "D", "C"], "options": [["Because they can't join in their parents' talk.", "Because the dessert isn't served in time.", "Because they can do nothing but wait.", "Because the food there isn't delicious."], ["Children don't like eating fancier food.", "Not many nicer restaurants provide play areas.", "Parents don't trouble to comfort their bored kids.", "People have to wait for seats in nicer restaurants."], ["It's common for nicer restaurants to provide good food and play areas.", "Building play areas is more difficult for restaurants in colder cities.", "Serving more kinds of foods may help restaurants to make more money.", "It's possible for restaurants to find a balance to make both happy."], ["Cities need to help develop restaurant business.", "Children are supposed to be much more patient.", "Restaurants are supposed to give kids some space.", "Parents need to care more about their kids when eating."]], "questions": ["Why do children get unhappy at the restaurant?", "What is the real problem mentioned in the passage?", "What conclusion can we draw from the research?", "What does the writer mainly want to tell us?"], "article": "Nearly all kids have had the same experience. They are eating in a restaurant with their parents. They finished the spaghetti minutes ago. Now, they are bored. Their little brother is kicking them under the table. He is also complaining about the desserts . Yet their parents are still eating and talking...and talking...and talking.\n\"Be patient.\" One parent says. \"We'll have dessert soon.\"\nAll kids know what happens next. After dessert, their parents drink coffee. Then they talk some more. Again, the children must wait. They have been in school all day and would rather be running and playing. Instead, they must sit in a chair and stare at a wall.\nGoing to a restaurant doesn't have to be this way. Many restaurants say they are \"family-friendly\". Family restaurants, such as fast-food restaurants should play areas for children. At these restaurants, almost every play area is a big room full of climbing equipment. The room is usually, packed with happy kids. Parents can eat while the children play. Everyone is happy.\nThe real problem begins when families want to eat a fancier meal . The parents don't want to hurry through the meal but talk to each other. They do not have bored children pestering  them about leaving. That's no fun for kids either. For them, going to a nicer restaurant means just one thing: sit still and be quiet.\nOn family blogs across the Web, dozens of parents post the same question all the time; are there any nicer restaurants with play areas for kids? Research shows that some nicer restaurants do have play areas. In warmer cities, it is easier for restaurants to build play areas outside. For example, at one restaurant kids can sail tiny little motor boats in a small, shallow pond. Parents can sit on a beautiful yard and watch the kids play. Some nicer restaurants even have indoor play areas. Research also shows that these restaurants serve more than just burgers, chickens and fries.\nSo, it's possible for a restaurant to provide both food and a place where kids can play. These restaurants seem to be popular, too. For some, families must have reservation days in advance. For others, families might be forced to wait in long lines. Clearly, quality food and safe play areas are both good for business.", "id": "middle2865.txt"}