{"answers": ["B", "A", "B", "C"], "options": [["in eastern America", "in western America", "in Middle America", "all over America"], ["film stars", "Jeans makers", "young students", "farmers or workers"], ["They could easily be bought anywhere in the world.", "They didn't need to be washed often or ironed.", "They had many different styles and colors.", "They were comfortable and easy to wash."], ["Jeans --- Symbol of Wealth", "Jeans --- Working Women's Best Choice", "Jeans --- Popular Piece of Clothing in Our Daily Life", "Jeans --- Part of the Lives of Farm People and Workers"]], "questions": ["Jeans first appeared   _  .", "From the passage, we can know that James Dean and Marlon Brando were_.", "Which of the following was a possible advantage of jeans to women?", "What is the best title of the passage?"], "article": "Jeans have become one piece of clothing worn by the most people in the world. Everybody wears them, from the farmer to the lawyer and from models to housewives. But why have jeans become so popular?You'll get many answers. For some people they look cool, for others jeans are just comfortable.\nJeans were first stronger trousers made for farm workers in the states of the American west. In the eastern part of the US jeans were hardly worn at all. They were connected with farm people and the workers. So the rich wouldn't like to wear them.\nIt was James Dean and Marlon Brando that made them popular in movies and everyone started to wear them. They were a symbol of the _ of young people during the 1950s and 1960s. So these new trousers were not allowed in American schools and sometimes in theatres and cinemas. As time went on,jeans became more acceptable. American people in Europe and Japan often wore them when they were not on duty to show that they were Americans. The trousers showed the world a happier way of life, something that people needed, especially after what they had gone through in World War II.\nJeans had other advantages as well. They didn't need to be washed as often as other trousers and women didn't need to iron them. This became more important as more and more women started working and had less time for housework.\nToday jeans are an important part of our lives. They are always washed a few times before they are sold to give them a faded look.", "id": "middle2907.txt"}