{"answers": ["A", "C", "C", "D"], "options": [["In a university.", "In the Parliament Hall.", "On the Internet.", "In a tourist attraction."], ["getting good grades", "traveling abroad", "connections among young people", "texts and emails"], ["Going to a university.", "Doing more exercises.", "Studying abroad.", "Getting good test scores."], ["A story.", "A news report.", "A scientific magazine.", "A speech."]], "questions": ["Where did the speaker probably give the talk to the audience?", "The passage shows that the world's future depends on  _  .", "In the speaker's opinion, what is the key to success in our times?", "Where may the passage come from?"], "article": "Ladies and Gentlemen, thank you. Well, ni-hao. (Laughter) It is such a pleasure and an honor to be here with all of you at this great university, so thank you so much for having me. I'm here today because I know that our future depends on connections like these among young people like you across the world.\nThat's why when my husband and I travel abroad, we don't just visit palaces and parliaments  and meet with heads of countries. We also come to schools like this one to meet with students like you, because we believe that relationships between countries aren't just about relationships between governments or leaders -- they're about relationships between people, particularly young people. So we view study abroad programs not just as an educational chance for students, but also as an active part of America's foreign policy .\nThrough the wonders of modern technology, our world is more connected than ever before. Ideas can cross oceans with the click of a mouse. Companies can do business and _ with companies across the world. And we can text, email, Skype with people in the world.\nSo studying abroad isn't just a fun way to spend a time of learning; it is quickly becoming the key to success in our times. Because getting ahead in today's workplaces isn't just about getting good grades or test scores in school, which are important. It's also about having real experience with the world beyond your borders -- experience with languages, cultures and societies very different from your own. Or, as the Chinese saying goes: \"It is better to travel ten thousand miles than to read ten thousand books.\"", "id": "middle2913.txt"}