{"answers": ["B"], "options": [["finding a proper summer camp for children is not difficult", "the purpose of a summer camp is not only for children to have fun", "what other parents think about a camp on the Internet is not believable", "children usually don't have to go again after returning from a summer camp"]], "questions": ["We can know that in the writer's opinion, '"], "article": "Selecting a proper summer camp for your child is not an easy task. You have to consider too many factors . Remember, you are sending your kid to a summer camp not just to let him enjoy himself but also to help him become confident. So you should try to select a summer camp for your kid so that after he returns from the camp, the first thing that he asks you is when you will send him again for camping. Let us see how you can pick the best summer camp for your child.\nSearch the Internet\nIf you browse  the Internet, you will find a number of websites of summer camps where you can find all the detailed information about the camps. For example, how much the whole camping will cost, where the camps are, what children can do in the camps and what additional facilities   they can provide. Don't forget to read the comments  of parents who have sent their children to those camps and pay attention to how they find those camps.\n _ \nSome camp organizers prefer advertisements in newspapers. Some of the organizers even invite famous people to their camps to communicate with kids. You should keep an eye in the summer camp advertisements in newspapers so that you could pick a suitable one for your kid.\nAsk for advice from your child's school teachers\nGo to your kid's school and ask his teachers whether they can give you names of some of the summer camps they consider to be the best.\nKnow the interest of your child\nWhile searching, you will come across different types of camps. They are organized according to the nature and interest of children like a music camp, a sports camp, etc. So it is very important to know what your child is interested in before picking a summer camp.", "id": "middle2934.txt"}