{"answers": ["D", "D", "A"], "options": [["teaching the five children himself", "asking the five children to find a new teacher", "telling the five students to work harder than ever before", "telling the teacher the five students were the best in the class"], ["the professor's study", "the teachers'hard work", "the change in the teachers", "the change in the teachers' attitude"], ["Attitude and belief can change a person.", "Only teachers can make you a top student.", "A professor's study can help you score highest.", "If you want to get more,you should have new teachers."]], "questions": ["The professor started his research by   _  .", "The five average students became top students mainly because of   _  .", "What does the passage mainly tell us?"], "article": "A famous study was done in a school by a professor from a university. At the start of the school year, the teachers were given the names of five children. They were told that these five were the most excellent students in the class. But the fact was that these students were only average,and they were not the best students at all. Well, guess what? At the end of the year, all the five average students scored among the highest in the class.\nWhat made these average students change so much to become top students?The only difference was the change in their teachers' attitude. Because the teachers believed that these five kids were the top students,they expected more from them. And so these five average students began to believe and expect more from themselves. So they worked harder to do as well as they could.\nDo you know why? If you expect the best from people, they'll usually want to give you their best. A great leader said, \"Treat a person just how he appears to be on the outside, and you'll make him even worse. But treat a person like he's already a success,and you'll help make him the best he can be.\"\nLike the true story of 7-year-old Johnny, his teacher got so angry with him that one day she said,\"Johnny,you're the naughtiest boy in this class. I'm sure you'll never change.\" The next year Johnny had a new teacher. And on the first day of class,she met with Johnny after school and said,\"Johnny, I've heard a lot about you! But do you know that I don't believe a word of it.\" And every day after that, this new teacher treated Johnny as if he was one of the smartest students even when Johnny did naughty things. Later on, Johnny became a school leader. Because that's the power of our belief and attitude toward children.", "id": "middle2937.txt"}