{"answers": ["D", "D", "C"], "options": [["Three", "Four", "Five", "Six"], ["ordinary items are not so attractive because of the lower prices .", "we can't buy items with words like \"New and Improved\" or \"All Natural\".", "the advertisers are always showing misinformation in the commercial.", "the quality of ordinary items can be as good as that of famous brands."], ["to buy ordinary items instead of famous brands", "how to buy ordinary things in supermarkets", "how to make a proper decision while shopping", "not to believe advertisements or commercials"]], "questions": ["The author gives   _   suggestions to the shoppers in the passage.", "We can learn from the passage that   _  .", "The author's main purpose of writing the passage is to advise shoppers   _  ."], "article": "Never go into a supermarket hungry! This is a good piece of advice. If you go shopping for food before lunchtime, you'll probably buy more than you plan to. Unfortunately, however, just this advice isn't enough for shoppers these days. Modern shoppers need an education in how and how not to buy things at the store. First, you check the weekly newspaper ads. Find out the items that are on sale and decide if you really need these things. In other words, don't buy anything just because it's cheaper than usual! Second, never let \"New and Improved!\" or \"All Natural\" on the front of a package influence you. Instead, read the list of contents on the back. Third,compare prices: that is, you should examine the prices of both different brands and different sizes of the same brand.\nAnother suggestion for shoppers is to buy ordinary items instead of famous brands. Ordinary items in supermarkets come in plain packages. These products are cheaper because producers don't spend much money on packing or advertising. However, they are still of high quality. In the same way, in buying clothes, you can often find high quality and low prices in brands that are not famous. Shopping in discount clothing stores can help you save a lot of money. Although these stores aren't very attractive, and they usually do not have individual dressing rooms, not only are the prices low, but you can often find the same famous brands that you find in high-priced department stores.\nWise shoppers read magazine ads and watch TV commercials ,but they do this with one advantage: knowledge of the psychology behind the ads. In other words, will-informed shoppers watch for information and check for misinformation. They ask themselves questions: Is the advertiser hiding something in small print at the bottom of the page? Is there any real information in the commercial, or is the advertiser simply showing an attractive image? With the answers to these questions, shoppers can make a wise choice.", "id": "middle2971.txt"}