{"answers": ["C", "A", "C"], "options": [["hot", "cold", "warm", "dry"], ["flowers", "drinks", "fruit", "fish"], ["Visitors are not allowed to dive in Tahiti.", "It is not easy to find something to eat at To'ate", "Visitors can enjoy themselves in over--water hotels", "Pointe Venus Lighthouse is famous for its white sand"]], "questions": ["The weather in Tahiti is usually  _  .", "Tahitian people use  _  to greet arriving visitors.", "Which of the following is TURE about Tahiti?"], "article": "Tahiti is the largest island of the French Polynesia in South Pacific. It covers 1,045 km and has a population of 183,600.The weather there is neither too hot nor too cold. It's always warm and humid.\nTahitian people are very friendly and welcoming. They welcome visitors with music, dance and flowers. The  Tiare Tahiti flower, which can only be found in Tahiti, is used for greeting arriving visitors and returning family, It's popular for women and men to wear the flowers behind their left ears.\nIn Tahiti, there are always a lot of things to do and to see. Around the island are hundreds of places perfect for diving. In the waters, you can meet all kinds of colorful fish and many other living things that you can't name. Feeding sharks is another exciting popular activity. You can stand in the water behind a safe rope to watch a shark trainer hand--feed the sharks, or enjoy this fantastic scene from the boat. If you want to find a place to swim, have a sun bath or admire the beautiful sunset, Pointe Venus Lighthouse, a black sand beach, is a great choice.\nIn the evening ,you can have Tahitian food, Chinese food and French--style dishes at To'ata, a square with many small restaurants. All kinds of fruit juice from coconut milk to pineapple juice can be found everywhere. Some hotels in Tahiti are built above the waters. Beautiful fish swimming below can be seen through the glass floor or coffee table. They are really wonderful places to relax and refresh you.\nTahiti, an amazing place to do everything or nothing at all, is waiting for you.", "id": "middle3004.txt"}