{"answers": ["C", "D"], "options": [["Being honest is very important and helpful.", "The writer was taught to be honest when he was young.", "The writer thinks it doesn't matter if he tells a lie.", "To win others' trust is not easy."], ["Ways to be honest.", "Honesty is very important for us to achieve our goals.", "True friendship is based on(...) others' trust.", "Honesty can make us live a happy life."]], "questions": ["Which of the following statements is NOT true?", "What does the writer want to tell us in the passage?"], "article": "Ever since I was a little child, my parents have told me to be honest because it is the right thing to do. As I got older, I realized something very important. If just once you are _ and tell a lie, it will greatly change people's opinions about you and their way of acting toward you. When you tell a lie, you lose that person's trust forever or have to work your whole life to get it back.\nIt is my personal goal to achieve great things in life and honesty  will sure help me get there. For me right now losing somebody's trust would be a truly terrible thing. My parents would be stricter on the things they let me do and the places that they used to let me go to. My friends would never again tell me a secret or believe many things I told them. Whatever you do for a living or wherever you live, honesty is something very important.\nHonesty gets you much higher in life while telling a lie can make you get into more problems. I can already tell that the great people I have met so far are all honest people.\nI hope that I'll never fall into a situation where I'll lie. Honesty is just as important to me as my family. Already, I know it is something that will improve my future and my relationship with all people. It is something about myself that I hope never to lose no matter what happens. Honesty will help me no matter whether I'm at school, home or just hanging out with friends. It is something that I hope my children will also have and value.", "id": "middle3077.txt"}