{"answers": ["A", "C", "C", "D"], "options": [["self-controlled.", "Stressed.", "Shy.", "Careless."], ["are too shy to talk to strangers", "love to ask the doctor for advice", "are likely to have a healthy lifestyle", "may have high blood pressure when they're older"], ["Newspaper.", "Science fiction book.", "Research paper.", "Travel guide."], ["People can change their personality type.", "Scientists have found two different personality types.", "Personalities have something to do with our lifestyle.", "Personalities say something about our health."]], "questions": ["Which personality type may be better for our health, according to the research?", "From the passage, we learn that careful people   _  .", "Where can you probably read the article?", "What is the main idea of the article?"], "article": "ARE you creative, shy, outgoing? Our personalities reveal a lot about who we are. But what's surprising is that our personality can also say something about our health. That's according to researchers at Duke University, US.\nDuring an experiment on 1,000 people, scientists assessed   their personalities in two ways: by asking someone they knew, such as a family member or friend; then by asking someone they had just met, such as a nurse. The study found that those who were careful at age 26 were in better health after 12 years.\nBeing careful means that people tend to have a lot of self-control, and are less likely to smoke, the scientists said. Careful people are also more likely to have an active lifestyle and healthy diet.\nFrom those who were least careful, 45 percent developed health problems by the age of 38. Such health issues included gum disease and high blood pressure  . To compare, only 18 percent of careful people went on to develop health problems.\nAnother positive personality was called \"openness to experience\", meaning curious and imaginative. People who have more of this personality have higher IQ scores. So they'd be more likely to know how to find medical help to prevent disease.\nAccording to the report, if doctors assessed our personalities, it could help doctors to find which young adults need advice on how to live a healthy lifestyle. What's surprising is that stress didn't play a big part on a person's health. Even though stress and anxiety   are usually linked to bad health.\nBut can a doctor who knows our personality really improve our health? Or should doctors be kept away from knowing something so personal?", "id": "middle3090.txt"}