{"answers": ["D", "A"], "options": [["Because the writer was too shy to talk with others.", "Because the writer found science easy and fun.", "Because the writer liked her science class.", "Because the writer couldn't read books quickly."], ["chose any book he was interested in", "played a reading game with Mrs. Rheineck", "was asked to read one chapter after another", "had to read textbooks rather than magazines"]], "questions": ["Why was the writer tutored by Mrs. Rheineck?", "At the library, the writer   _  ."], "article": "Have you ever had a science class that you look forward to? It doesn't happen often. But when you have a teacher like Mrs. Rheineck, it's more than a science class. It's a science class where learning is easy and fun. There is no getting down to a huge textbook or listening to a teacher about something you don't care about.\nMy experience with Mrs. Rheineck didn't start with science class, but with her as my tutor(,). I was always a weak reader and wasn't getting any better. My parents told me I needed to be tutored.\nOne day after school, I went into the library with my mom for my first tutoring time. I had no idea who was tutoring me. My mom practically had to pull me into the library. The first thing we did was to play a game to get to know each other and get rid of the awkwardness (,). We didn't even play a reading game.\nWe also went around the library and I got to pick out a book I wanted to read. She didn't make me read a boring textbook about something I didn't care about. I didn't even pick a book. I picked out a magazine about remote control cars. I thought to myself, how bad could it be? I got to read about remote control cars. She told me even though I was reading a magazine, I was still reading. After the first magazine, she picked out a book she liked. I would read a chapter  and then she would read a chapter to me, this way I didn't have to read for long periods of time.\nAs I got better and faster at reading, I was able to read two chapters in the same amount of time, which used to take me to read one chapter.\nReading is one of the most important things in high school and college to be successful. If it wasn't for her, I would not be the reader I am today and I thank her for that.", "id": "middle3099.txt"}