{"answers": ["C", "D"], "options": [["To know what your kids like.", "To know how many chores the kids have done.", "To encourage younger kids to do more chores.", "To go out to eat or do something similar they like."], ["Kids should help parents do more chores.", "Parents should teach kids how to do housework.", "The more chores kids do, the more they love their parents.", "Creative methods can be helpful for parents to get their kids to do housework."]], "questions": ["Why can we put a red flower beside the chore on a chart?", "What can we know from this article?"], "article": "Most kids hate doing housework. However, not all hope is lost. There are some things that you can do to get your kids to help you clean your house. If you are struggling with the chores  and need your kids to help you, take a look at some of the creative ways in this article.\nIf you are dealing with older kids, you may want to try the _ deal. You can give your kids a list of chores that need to be done each week. If they complete these chores, you can give them some money. You can also break the list down and tell them they will get so much for each chore that is finished. Older kids , who like to do things on weekends or buy things like video games, will work hard to complete their chores and earn their money. This is also teaching them responsibility. This is teaching them that they must work for what they want.\nIf you are dealing with younger kids, you may want to go with the rewards chart . This is where you design a chart and list their chores on the chart. For each chore they complete, you can put a red flower beside it. For the rewards, you canalso do a number of things ,such as going to the park, going out to eat, buying a DVD or something similar. The rewards would be up to you because you know what your kids like.\nFor real small kids, you can turn it into a game. When kids were much younger, you can teach them to dance around and sing as you cleaned. The kids loved it and would do a wonderful job at picking up their toys. So, consider turning cleaning into a game for the real small kids.", "id": "middle3101.txt"}