{"answers": ["D", "B", "D", "B"], "options": [["Because hunters are killing rare animals.", "Because not enough people help WWF.", "Because WWF does not have enough money.", "Because there are so many people living on Earth."], ["They have protected traditional ways of life.", "They have helped to protect China's natural beauty.", "They have saved many rainforests in Anhui Province.", "They have built some bridges over the Yangtze River."], ["To save rainforests.", "To stop hunters killing rare animals.", "To get more people to donate money.", "To protect the environment while developing."], ["Because too many people do not know WWF.", "Because WWF doesn't have enough money from donations", "Because there are too many problems for them to solve.", "Because WWF doesn't encourage development."]], "questions": ["Why has over 30% of the natural world been destroyed?", "How has WWF helped in China?", "What is WWF's main goal?", "Why is it difficult for WWF to do all the things they want to?"], "article": "Over 30% of the natural world has been seriously destroyed by humans   over the last 30 years. This is because the number of people living on Earth is nearly six billion  . All of these people need food, space and energy. As a result, lots of Earth's natural resources will be used up. When we destroy our earth to get natural resources such as wood or oil, animals often lose their living space. They cannot have enough food, and they will get hurt or die.\nThe World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) is an international charity. It tries to prevent humans from destroying more of nature than is necessary. For example, in China WWF is working with the local government to reconnect   some small lakes in Anhui Province to the Yangtze River and to create  more protected areas so that China's natural beauty will not be lost in the future. WWF works in more than 50 countries, saving rainforests and stopping hunters from killing rare animals and protecting traditional ways of life in areas where they are in danger of being lost. WWF's main goal is to encourage development that does not harm the environment and the animals that live in it. Even though the charity is known all over the world, and a lot of people support the goals of WWF, not so many donate money often. This makes it difficult for the charity to do all the things it wants to do.", "id": "middle3115.txt"}