{"answers": ["B", "D", "A", "B", "B"], "options": [["the phone will do harm to the environment", "the phone cover will break down easily in the soil you bury it", "it will be recycled by the producers", "it can be sent back to the shops."], ["It can help the sunflower seed after the mobile phone breaks down.", "It looks like normal plastics but it can break down.", "It includes a sunflower seed.", "It makes sure the seed only grows after the phone is thrown away."], ["because of the material of its cover", "because of the sunflower seed", "because it's made of no poisonous chemicals", "because you bury it in the soil after you finish with it"], ["the technology that produces mobile phones is changing quickly", "users are constantly throwing their mobiles away", "nobody has ever thought of recycling mobile phones", "producing mobile phones uses a lot of energy, so this has become a very big problem for the environment"], ["the new type of mobile phones is already on the market", "the new type of mobile phones will sell very well", "recycling mobile phones is not useful to the environment", "other flowers may be used in the new type of mobile phones"]], "questions": ["After you have finished using the new type of mobile phone,   _  .", "Which of the following is wrong about the cover of the new type of phone?", "The new type of phone can reduce the harm to the environment mainly   _  .", "This type of research is done because   _  .", "We can guess from the story   _  ."], "article": "A sunflower is a sunflower. A mobile phone is a mobile phone. But can you combine the two to do something for your local environment? As early as next year it may well be possible. When you have finished with your mobile phone you will be able to bury   it in the garden and wait for it to flower . A biodegradable   mobile phone was, this month, introduced by scientists. It is hoped that the new type of phone will encourage users to recycle. Scientists have come up with a new material over the last five years. It looks like any other plastic and can be hard or soft, and able to change shape. Overtime it can also break down into the soil without giving out any poisonous chemicals. British researchers used the new material to develop a phone cover that includes a sunflower seed .When this new type of cover turns into waste, it forms nitrates  . These feed the seed and help the flower grow. Engineers have designed a small transparent   window to hold the seed. They have made sure it only grows when the phone is thrown away. \"We've only put sunflower seeds into the cover so far. But we are working with scientists to find out which flowers would perform best. Maybe we could put roses in next time.\" said one scientist.\nAs phone technology is developing so quickly, people are constantly throwing their mobiles away. This means producers are under pressure to find ways of recycling them. Some 650 million mobile phones have been sold this year. Most of them will be thrown away within two years, adding plastic, heavy metal and chemical waste to the environment. A biodegradable cover can change this, according to the scientists.\n,A, B, C, D,. (10)", "id": "middle3117.txt"}