{"answers": ["B", "B", "C", "D"], "options": [["300", "150", "50", "30"], ["carried the T-bar on his back and stepped upward", "pushed up the T-bar and pulled himself up", "sat in his wheelchair and pushed himself up", "held on to the rope drawn up by his friend"], ["He realized his dream without anyone helping him.", "He was badly injured when he climbed El Captain.", "He dreamed to climb up El Captain for a long time.", "He climbed up the rock by using a tool for the disabled."], ["A friend in need is a friend indeed.", "Dreams will come true in the end.", "Each step is important to success.", "Nothing can stop a strong will."]], "questions": ["With the help of his friend, Mark could climb up El Captain about  meters in height each day.", "While climbing, Mark .", "Which of the following is true of Mark Wellman?", "What can we learn from the passage?"], "article": "It was early morning. Peter Corbett helped Mark Wellman out of his wheelchair and onto the ground. They stood before El Captain, a huge rock almost 1.2 kilometers high. Mark had long dreamed to climb El Captain when he was a child. At the age of twentyone, he had fallen while climbing mountain, losing his legs. But he never lost his love for life.\nMark knew he couldn't finish the climb alone, but his friend Peter would be there to lend a helping hand. They thought it would take seven days to reach the top. Now Peter climbed about 30 meters up and hit a piton  into the rock. Fastening  one end of a 50meter rope  to the piton, he let the other end of the rope fall down. Mark caught the rope and fastened it to his belt. He next reached above his head and fastened a T-bar  to the rope. Mark took a deep breath, pushed the Tbar up almost as far as his arms could reach, and began the first pullup. High above, Peter let out a cheer, \"You're on your way.\"\nFor the first four days the two men progressed upward  without accident. But on the fifth day, a very strong wind began to blow, making it hard for Mark to hold on to his rope. But Mark kept on pushing up the T-bar and pulling himself up.\nIt took them one day more than they had expected. But as the two heads appeared the group of people waiting on the top went wild with joy.\nMark Wellman showed that if you set your heart and mind on something, no wall is too high, no dream impossible.", "id": "middle3139.txt"}