{"answers": ["C", "B"], "options": [["invite their teens' friends home.", "leave their teens' problems alone.", "share their feelings with their teens.", "pay little attention to their teens' daily lives."], ["Training Teens to Become Responsible Adults.", "Helping Teens to Build Reasonable Structure.", "Improving the Relationship with Your Teens.", "Stepping into Your Teens' Secret Word."]], "questions": ["To help teens organize their lives , parents should   _  .", "What is the best title of the passage ?"], "article": "Teens want structure in their lives, which means they want their lives well-planned. To begin building structure, teens need love and trust. They need to know their parents arc there to give them needed love and support  .Teens want to be sure that nothing can prevent parents from shouldering their responsibility for them -- not their growing maturity  ,misbehavior, nor anger at something they have done. Teens want parents to keep control while allowing them to make some decisions.\nThere are some ways you can help your teens create reasonable structure and remain close. One way is to spend time together. Parents often mistake their teens' increased interest in friends for a disinterest in the family.\nTeens would like to spend more time doing things with their parents, but watching TV is not counted as spending time together. As your teens mature, it is important for you and your teens spend time alone together, one to one. Your teens need time to talk to you alone without any other family member present.\nTalk with your teens about their interests and concerns. Make sure you really show interest in what is happening. When talking with your teens, give full attention and do not stop them.\nThe way to help your teens become adults is to let your teens into your world. Sharing your emotions and concerns with your teens is important. Avoid causing needless worry.\nTrust your teens. Don't expect the worst. Hope for the best. Telling your teens you don't like their friends will cause the teens not to bring their friends home. If something should go wrong, believe that your teens didn't do it on purpose.\nIt is very important that you treat your teens with respect. Teens need the same respect adults show for total strangers. Don't talk down to your teens.\nYou need to be supportive o f your teens. What may be a small problem to you may be troubling to your teens. Teens don't have the experiences that adults have had. Let the teens know that you understand how much it hurts when something happens that is upsetting or hurtful to them. As they mature, they can look back at some problems they had and laugh at having been upset by something that now seems unimportant.\nThe most important things to remember are: talk with your teens, listen to their worries and offer suggestions when needed. This will help your teens to live a well-organized life.", "id": "middle3160.txt"}