{"answers": ["B", "D"], "options": [["100 percent", "75 percent", "50 percent", "25 percent"], ["a boy's speech in class", "how to write note cards", "the fear of public speaking", "how to make a speech better"]], "questions": ["According to the passage,   _   of people might fear to speak in public.", "The passage mainly talks about   _  ."], "article": "Many people have a fear  of public speaking. According to a study, it has an influence on 3 in every 4 people. This fact is surprising and worrying, as most jobs require some speaking ability. The following will help you to make a speech better.\nWrite note cards. Write main ideas on your cards. Don't write details. Put in some fun facts, questions, and other activities on the cards to share with the class. Don't look at your note cards for a long time while speaking. If necessary, you're only going to want to have a quick look at the card for information, not read every last word.\nSmile at your class. When it comes time to speak, there's nothing that draws your class into your speech than a good old-fashioned smile. Be happy, because you're about to teach your class something they didn't know before. Studies have shown that _ . That means once you smile, it's hard for everyone else not to smile. So if you want your speech to go off well, smile. That'll make everyone smile and maybe those smiles will make you actually smile.\nMake eye contact. Nothing is more boring than listening to a speaker who looks at the floor or at note cards. Relax. Your class is made up of your friends and you talk to them all the time. Talk the same way now. have a look at every person in the classroom at least once. That way, everyone will feel like you're communicating with them. Also, you'll look like you know what you're talking about.\nUse hand motions. Move your hands along as you talk, using them to express your key points and keep the class interested. It will also lead your nervous energy into a better place.", "id": "middle3173.txt"}