{"answers": ["D", "A", "D"], "options": [["spring", "summer", "autumn", "winter"], ["It is known as the City of Ice.", "It's famous for its four seasons.", "It is in Northern China, next to Quebec.", "It holds an exciting festival every month."], ["the Quebec Winter Carnival", "the introduction of Heilongjiang Province", "the snow sculpture competition in Quebec", "the Harbin International Ice and Snow Festival"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, many people think   _   is the best time to visit Quebec.", "Which of the following is TRUE about Harbin?", "The writer will probably write about   _   in the next part of the article."], "article": "Canada is famous for its winter lifestyle, for the season lasts half the year there. A great example of this is the Quebec Winter Carnival . Quebec is an old city with beautiful historic building, and many agree that winter is the best time to visit. The city comes alive in the snow, especially during the winter festival. People who visit the cold city can find tons of things to do that will make winter seem perfect.\nThe Carnival has a magical ice palace made with 9,000 tons of snow, a boat race on the St. Lawrence River, and two night parades  with funny people and colorful cars. Other interesting things include a 122-meter ice slide, and a large football game. There is also an exciting dogsled race that runs through six kilometers of the city's streets. With more than 20 teams in the game, the dogsled race is noisy, fun and full of great cheer. Even better, artists from around the world come to enter the snow sculpture  competition. It is amazing how these artists can bring snow to life. The Quebec Winter Carnival has everything for the whole family and more. It is surely a great way to experience winter at its fullest.\nAnother famous winter festival is on the other side of the world in China. Known as the City of Ice, Harbin is the capital city of Heilongjiang Province, which is next to Siberia. In the winter, it is very cold, and temperatures there can drop to 30degC below zero. Even so, the cold weather makes the city the right place for the Harbin International Ice and Snow Festival. The festival is held every year.", "id": "middle3174.txt"}