{"answers": ["C", "B"], "options": [["more expensive", "more difficult", "cheaper", "worse"], ["Burning e-waste causes problems for the environment.", "E-waste problem is very serious and people should take actions.", "Sometimes electronics are sent to poor countries such as Ghana.", "In the EU alone, about 8,700,000 tons of e-waste is produced each year."]], "questions": ["According to the passage, it is often   _   to buy new electronics than to repair old ones.", "Which sentence shows the writer's opinion?"], "article": "E-waste is fast becoming a serious problem around the world. This report will examine this problem and provide some possible ways to solve it.\nWe live in a society that is producing and using electronics  all the time. It is often cheaper to buy new products than to repair old ones. Also, through clever advertising, companies always encourage people to change their old TVs, mobile phones and computers for the latest models. E-waste is created when we throw away old ones. In the EU alone, about 8,700,000 tons of e-waste is produced each year. Sadly, just over 1,000,000 tons is recycled.\nBurying  e-waste or burning it cause serious problems for the environment. Electronics have dangerous things in them. These things can then get into the ground or pollute the air when they are burnt.\nIn recent years,  _ . However, their plans are not always managed properly. Sometimes electronics are just sent to poor countries such as Ghana. Here they are often burnt in public areas, which is very bad for people's health. Setting up recycling centers is a good way to solve this problem. E-cycling centers could recycle the parts that can be reused and deal with the rest properly.\nAnother way is to make producers responsible  for their used products. This means that producers must take back old products which are no longer wanted. They should then make sure _ are properly recycled or reused.\nAs for us, we should try to cut down on e-waste. Change electronics only when we have to. And don't buy a product just to have the latest model.\nE-waste is a serious problem in the modern world. Both producers and users must take actions and try to keep it to the smallest amount.", "id": "middle3176.txt"}