{"answers": ["C", "A", "C", "A"], "options": [["One.", "Two.", "Three.", "Four."], ["listen to your favorite music", "remember some problems", "think about getting into college", "read a bad book"], ["Money and success alone do notbring you lasting happiness.", "If you want to feel happier, you can go shopping for an elderly person.", "Spending so much time thinking about the future can enjoy the present.", "Active person may live a happier life than inactive person."], ["How to live a happy life.", "How to depend upon ourselves.", "How to help the old people.", "How to get a good job."]], "questions": ["How many suggestions of happiness are mentioned in this passage?", "If you want to enjoy the simple things in life, you can   _  .", "According to the passage, which of the following statements is NOT true?", "What's the main idea of this passage?"], "article": "Sadness and happiness are often talked about by people in their spare time. Most people want themselves to be happy for ever, but few know how to find happiness. Others say if you own lots of money and success, you will be happy. However, money and success alone do notbring lasting happiness. A famous a Greek thinker, Aristotle, said, \"Happiness depends upon ourselves.\" That's to say,we make our own happiness. Here are a few suggestions to help you be happier.\nThe first secret of happiness is to enjoy the simple things in life. Too often, we spend so much timethinking about the future. For example, getting into college or getting a good job, which we fail to enjoy thepresent. You should enjoy life's simple pleasures, such as reading a good book, listening to your favorite music, or spending time with close friends. People who have several close friends often live happier and healthier lives.\nAnother secret to living a happy life is to be active. Many people go dancing or play sports. People can forget about their problems and only think about the activities. Finally, many people find happiness in helping others.      Studies show that people feel good when they spend their time helping others. If you want to feel happier, do good things for someone. You can help a friend with his or her studies, go shopping or help out with some things around the house for an elderly person.\nIf you do above, you will be happy.", "id": "middle3189.txt"}