{"answers": ["A", "B", "B"], "options": [["It means a lot for a whole country.", "It proves how excellent the winners are.", "It helps the country out of natural disasters.", "It brings the winners satisfaction and money."], ["The most famous games are the Olympic Games.", "People around the world play soccer just for fun.", "The game called bones can be helpful to the Arabian children.", "Nicolette Iribarne gives poor children a chance for a better life."], ["The popular games.", "Games and real life.", "The advantages of games.", "Children's games and the future."]], "questions": ["According to the passage, why is winning Olympic medals so encouraging?", "Which of the following statements is NOT true?", "What is the passage mainly about?"], "article": "Why play games? Because they are fun, and a lot more besides. Following the rules, planning your next move, acting as a team member------these are all \"game\" ideas that you will have throughout your life.\nThink about some of the games you played as a young child, such as rope-jumping and hide-and-seek. Some games are entertaining and fun. But perhaps more importantly, they _ that teach children some of the basic rules they will be expected to follow the rest of their lives, such as taking turns and teamwork.\nMany children's games have a practical side. Children around the world play games that prepare them for work they will do as adults. For example, some Saudi Arabian children play a game called bones. It can be very helpful to exercise their hands and eyes, which is needed in hunting.\nMany sports encourage national or local pride. The most famous games of all, the Olympic Games, bring athletes from around the world together to take part in the friendly competition. People who watch the event wave flags, knowing that a gold medal is a win for a whole country, not just the athlete who has got _ . For countries experiencing natural disasters or war, an Olympic win can mean so much.\nSports are also an event that brings people together. Soccer is the most popular sport in the world. People on all continents play it------some for fun and some for a living. Nicolette Iribarne, a Californian soccer player, has discovered a way to spread hope through soccer. He set up an organization which can provide poor children with not only soccer balls but also a hopeful future.\nNext time, when you play your favorite game or sport, think about why you enjoy it, what skills are needed, and whether these skills will help you in your life.", "id": "middle3202.txt"}