{"answers": ["A", "D", "C"], "options": [["The writer's parents believed he could get improved in his speech ability.", "The new school was not far away from where they lived.", "The teachers in the new school were gold stars", "The writer himself wanted to transfer to a new school."], ["In Grade Two.", "In Grade Three", "In Grade Four", "In Grade Five"], ["A good teacher is hard to find in our lives.", "Many students have speech difficulties,", "Confidence is very important in one's life", "Different teaching methods work the same"]], "questions": ["What can we infer from the passage?", "In which grade did the turning point in writer's life appear?", ".What can we learn from the passage?"], "article": "Before I even started school, people felt that I was not going to _ . At the age of four, I started speech lessons because even I could not speak well enough to be understood.\nFirst grade was a struggle. I not only had difficulty speaking, but I was expected to learn to read and I just couldn't do it. My parents grew more and more frustrated. They bought books and offered great rewards if I could read one of them from start to finish to them. Well, with my speech problems and now my reading problems, I did not like to do reading and so refused to do it whenever possible.\nSecond grade was not much better. It was in the second grade that the teacher decided that I needed special education. I remember the days of taking the physical exams. However, after all that, they decided that I did not qualify for special education.\nIt was in third grade that a new school was built close to where I lived. I remember going there with my parents and helping to get the school ready so that we could transfer . It was a happy day that we started school at Vandalia. However, things did not get better as my parent expected.\nIt was now time for fifth grade. Mrs. Wakefield was my teacher, and if ever there was a teacher that deserved a gold star, it was her. She did not make me feel upset. Instead, she helped me in so many ways and built my self-confidence so that I actually did believe that I could do something special. And that is just what I did.\nFor the past 22 years, I have been a fifth grade teacher. Because of Mrs. Wakefield's influence in my life, I am now encouraging students who have had difficulties in their lives to believe that they can overcome and become someone. I have won a large number of awards but I know that all of them belong to one fifth grade teacher who believed in me and challenged me to be all that I could be.\nI still have a class picture of her with her fifth grade class hanging on the wall of my office, encouraging other teachers to reach out to their students.", "id": "middle3206.txt"}