{"answers": ["D", "A", "A", "A"], "options": [["Because he enjoyed traveling in Lilliput.", "Because his ship brought him to Lilliput.", "Because the tiny people brought him to Lilliput.", "Because he was washed to Lilliput after a ship crash."], ["By fighting with them.", "By stealing Blefuscuians' ships.", "By killing Blefuscuians.", "By keeping Blefuscuians prisoners."], ["The king of Lilliput.", "The king of Blefuscu.", "Gulliver.", "One of the bad men."], ["Gulliver killed some bad Lilliputians.", "Gulliver felt he was in danger.", "Gulliver didn't agree to the king's plan.", "The king of Lilliput was unhappy about him."]], "questions": ["Why did Gulliver come to Lilliput?", "How did Gulliver help the Lilliputians?", "\"  _  wanted to make the people of Blefuscu his slaves\". Who is he in this sentence?", "Which of the following is NOT the reason why Gulliver ran away from Lilliput?"], "article": "Lemuel Gulliver enjoyed travelling. He was a ship's doctor. On May 4, 1699, they were going to the Far East in the ship called the Antelope. One night, his ship crashed against the rocks, Gulliver was washed to the land. He found himself a prisoner of tiny people. They were less than 6 inches tall and lived in the island country of Lilliput. After he promised to behave well, they set him free and he could visit the city. The people of Blefuscu wanted to attack Lilliput. The king of Lilliput turned to Gulliver. He stopped Blefuscu attacking Lilliput by pulling its ships to Lilliput. The king was happy. _ wanted to make the people of Blefuscu his slaves , so he asked Gulliver to bring some more ships. Gulliver did not like this plan. The king got angry. Some bad men in Lilliput wanted to kill Gulliver. Gulliver had to run away from Lilliput to Blefuscu.\nHe was welcomed by the king of Blefuscu. They soon became good friends. Three days after that , he asked king to send him twenty of his largest ships and two thousand men to pull the boat to the shore. In this boat, he set sail for England.\nOn the third day he saw a big ship to the southeast. He called out to the ship. The ship was moving very slowly. They raised a flag .His heart was full of happiness when he saw the English flag .", "id": "middle3229.txt"}