{"answers": ["B", "A"], "options": [["they learn more quickly than other monkeys", "they have hands like people's hands", "they like to watch how people live", "they are small, cute and naughty"], ["How capuchin monkeys can help people do things.", "Why capuchin monkeys' hands are like people's hands.", "Where scientists train capuchin monkeys to help people.", "When people found capuchin monkeys were helpful."]], "questions": ["Capuchin monkeys are people's great helpers because   _  .", "What is the passage mainly about?"], "article": "Monkeys That Lend a Hand\nHave you ever dropped something while both your hands were full and wished you had another hand to pick it up? Some people cannot use their arms or hands to do simple jobs because they have been hurt or are sick. Usually they depend on other people to help them. This problem made two women think about how they could help people who cannot do everyday things for themselves.\nIn 1979 Dr. M. J. Willard and Judi Zazula began looking at some small, friendly monkeys called capuchin monkeys. These monkeys have hands like people's hands, and they like to be around people. Could the monkeys be trained to do things that people could not do for themselves? The women wanted to find out if their idea would work. So they spent a long time training some capuchin monkeys, and they found that these animals made great helpers.\nToday the first step in training a young capuchin monkey is to have it stay home with people and watch how they live. The monkeys learn how to _ around people. Then the monkeys go to a special school in Boston. There they learn how to do many easy chores. They are taught how to carry food and pick up dropped objects. They learn how to open doors and turn light switches on and off. They even learn how to use CD players and VCRs.\nAfter a monkey finishes its training, it goes to live with a person who needs help. If the person wants a light turned on, the monkey does it. If the person needs a glass of water, the monkey brings it. If the person wants to watch TV, the monkey turns it on. The monkey becomes a very important part of that person's life. In fact, the monkey often becomes the person's good friend.", "id": "middle3241.txt"}