{"answers": ["A", "A"], "options": [["is based on Susan's life stories", "is written to educate readers", "is very sad to read", "is difficult to read"], ["Encouraging", "Discouraging", "Worried", "Boring"]], "questions": ["We learn that the book The Woman I Was Born to Be  _  .", "What does the author probably think of Susan's life stories?"], "article": "Susan Boyle was born as the ninth child in a Catholic family. She suffered from learning disabilities ever since her birth because of her mother's poor health.\nSchool was difficult for Susan and she was bulled  because of her different behaviour. _ , who were much older, had life experiences that were unknown to their little sister. From the time of her birth, Susan was a screamer. The only really safe place that she would use as a repeat was her bedroom. There she would hang posters of her musical heroes on the walls and sing popular music into a hairbrush that she pretended was a microphone.\nOne by one her brothers and sisters moved away from home and then Susan's father died. This left her alone with an old mother and a cat. She tried volunteer work. Her best state of mind, however, was found when she was singing and so she would regularly join others in karaoke or pubs where she could show her skills and receive appreciation from the crowd.\nWhen Susan announced at Christmas that she was planning to take part in the Britain's Got Talent competition, her brothers and sisters tried to discourage her. It was a wonder that she was even able to do the audition  considering the troubles she faced just physically getting to the right place.\nThe Woman I Was Born to Be is a beautiful story written in the simple but humorous voice of the author, Susan Boyle. She tells her story from birth to the present in an interesting and educational manner.\nI love this book ! In fact, I read the whole thing in one day! There is something in the stories that not only teaches the reader but also encourage us to reach for our dreams--no matter how impossible they may seem to be!", "id": "middle3257.txt"}