{"answers": ["A", "B", "D", "C"], "options": [["it is different from other successful TV series", "it is the same as other successful TV series", "it is about the English countryside", "it is about life in busy cities"], ["simple stories", "stress", "busy life", "exams"], ["a world with no homework", "English TV series", "relaxing jobs", "a happier and healthier world"], ["Experts and teenagers.", "Teachers and experts.", "Teachers and parents.", "Young people and parents."]], "questions": ["The success of the new TV series is surprising because  _  .", "The director of Away from it all believes that the series helps young people deal with  _  .", "The success of the series shows that young people would like  _  .", "_   are worried about the effects of the series."], "article": "A TV series in England,Away from it all,has surprised everyone by becoming a success with young people across the country. Its success is surprising because the series is about the relaxing lifestyles of people who live in the country. There is none of the action that we usually see on TV today. There are also no stressful moments, busy offices or crowded cities. Away from it all is set in the peaceful English countryside and tells simple stories about people's kindness.\nThe director of the TV series says that its success is a sign of teenagers suffering from stress. They say that watching Away from it all helps teenagers forget about the pressures of exams and homework, and the troubles that fill the world today. They also say that it's a good sign of today's young people turning to happier TV series as it shows they want a happier and healthier world.\nAlthough the series' success might have a good side, many teachers and parents are worried, however. They say that some of their students and children spend more time before TV and are using Away from it all as an excuse for not finishing homework. Some children have even refused to learn for exams because they say that they can only get personal happiness by avoiding stressful situations.\nAnd what do the experts say? Paula Ray, a doctor of education, says that TV can influence children's lifestyles. But she says that if a child reacts strongly, it' s likely that there are other reasons for his change in behaviour. She says that there is nothing wrong with watching Away from it all but suggests that parents should let their children know TV is not the same as real life.", "id": "middle3311.txt"}