{"answers": ["C", "B"], "options": [["to tell us the cultural differences between China and the US.", "to tell us the different educational systems in the US and China.", "to tell us the importance and meaning of WIN-WIN.", "to show that WIN-WIN is popular in the US and China."], ["Criticism .", "Encouragement.", "Disagreement.", "Doubt."]], "questions": ["The purpose of the author in writing the passage is   _  .", "What is the author's attitude  towards WIN-WIN?"], "article": "In America, seldom do you go anywhere without hearing a principle called WIN-WIN. It sounds strange to me at first because throughout my childhood, I have always been taught to try everything possible to win an upper-hand, rather than to help other people win. However, as time goes by, I have gradually understood the essence   of WIN-WIN principle--it is the way of winning on both sides.\nWhen I was little, I used to play Chinese checkers   which includes two basic tactics  : One is to create paths for yourself; the other is to prevent your rival  moving. Players may use these two totally different ways in the game, but the key for the player to win is to continuously create paths for him even if his rival may take advantage of it. Finally he can always reach the goal a few steps ahead of the other player.\nIn the 1990s, a strategy  called WIN-WIN became widespread in the western world. Its aim is to achieve your success while giving other people some advantages, so there is no real loser. One example of using the WIN-WIN principle is the voluntary system in the US. Most Americans support the spirit of voluntary contribution. In the US, schools and children organizations usually encourage and support kids to take part in community activities so that the voluntary spirit can be _ in their minds from childhood.\nIn China, it's quite usual that some people are too selfish and never take people's interests into consideration, while someone who really has courage to do something for the public is often called \"foolish\" or \"silly\". Actually helping other people can be of great delight for the helper, for he can also learn something useful for his life such as sympathy, care, devotion, etc. So only if you take other people's interests into consideration , you can make sure to win what you want.", "id": "middle3313.txt"}