{"answers": ["D", "B", "C", "A"], "options": [["earlier e-books are about only a few subjects.", "people don't like to read any paper books any more.", "most e-books have been written for a specific group of readers.", "the development of the Internet makes e-books more useful."], ["Three", "Four", "Five", "Six"], ["E-books can't be red on mobile phones.", "All the e-books on the Internet cost lots of money.", "E-books can make reading more convenient.", "You can't read e-books without a personal computer."], ["You'll lose the information if its file format is not supported.", "You can carry hundreds of books in an e-book reader.", "You can buy cheap e-books anywhere.", "You can read e-books at any time."]], "questions": ["Why is the e-book business increasing quickly? Because   _  .", "How many advantages do e-books have according to this article?", "Which of the following is true according to this article?", "What is the disadvantage of the e-books?"], "article": "E-book is short for electronic( ) book. It is usually read on personal computers. Some\nmobile phones can also be used to read e-books.\nEarlier e-books were written for a specific group of readers and were about only a few subjects. With the development of the internet, knowledge and answers to a lot of questions mainly come from e-books. This is why the e-book business is increasing quickly\nE-books have many advantages. First, they save time. We don't need to go to a bookstore to buy books, besides, we can find the topic we want to know about on the Internet, and then we can quickly get many e-books on similar topics. Second, e-books save money. Some e-books cost a little money, and there are millions of e-books on the Internet that we can get for free. Third, more trees are saved because e-books don't need to be printed  on paper. Fourth, e-books make reading more convenient. You can carry a whole library of hundreds of books with you in a small computer or any e-book reader   without worrying about their weight.\nBut e-books have certain disadvantages. They need a personal computer or an e-book reader and the information can be lost if its file format   is not supported or changed in the reader's computer.\nHowever, e-books provide us with a new way of reading. That is good.\n,.", "id": "middle3333.txt"}