{"answers": ["D", "A", "C", "C"], "options": [["They fought with the creatures by throwing rocks at them.", "They ran into the woods and hid there for several hours.", "They made a big fire to frighten the creatures away.", "They quickly ran back into their house and locked the door."], ["however, only a few people accepted their story", "all the people said they had seen the animal", "some said they were making up their own story", "only those who had killed the creature believed them"], ["Some workers.", "Richard Brown.", "The local Native Americans.", "Roger Patterson and his friend."], ["The adventures of five campers", "The experts and Bigfoot", "The creatures called Bigfoot", "The adventures of Bigfoot"]], "questions": ["What did the five campers do when they saw a group of apelike creatures?", "Which of the following can be put in  _  ?", ". Who were the first to have seen these apelike creatures?", "The BEST title for this passage would be \"  _  \"."], "article": "One day in 1924, five men who were camping in the Cascade Mountains saw a group of huge apelike creatures coming out of the woods. They hurried back to their wooden house and locked themselves inside. While they were in, the creatures threw rocks against the house. Several hours later these strange hairy giants went back into the woods.\nAfter the men returned to the town and told the people about their adventure, _ . These were the people who remembered hearing tales about footprints of an animal that walked like a human being.\nThe five men, however, were not the first to have seen these creatures called Bigfoot. Long before their experience, the local Native Americans were certain that a group of apelike animals had been living in the _ mountain for centuries.\nIn 1958, some workers, who were building a road through the jungles of Northern California, often found huge footprints in the earth around their camp. Then in 1967, Roger Patterson, a man who was interested in finding Bigfoot, went into the same jungles with a friend. While riding, they were suddenly thrown off from their horses. Patterson saw a tall apelike animal standing not far away. He managed to take photos of the hairy creature before it disappeared in the jungles. When Patterson's photos were shown to the public, not many people believed his story.\nRichard Brown, an experienced hunter, discovered a similar creature. He saw the animal clearly through the telescopic lens   of his rifle  . He said the creature looked more like a human being than an animal.\nLater many other people also found deep footprints in the same area. In spite of regular reports of sightings and footprints, most experts still do not believe that Bigfoot really exists  .", "id": "middle3362.txt"}