{"answers": ["B", "C", "B"], "options": [["Dad was to leave the hospital", "it might be Dad's last birthday", "they would celebrate Thanksgiving Day", "Dad was at the nursing home"], ["listening to Dad about his story", "singing and dancing at the party", "telling stories about Dad from hearts", "giving expensive presents to Dad"], ["we can tell stories to celebrate Thanksgiving Day", "we should show love to our loved one in his or her life", "we should dance and sing songs at a funeral", "we should give back love to our loved one after their death"]], "questions": ["The whole family decided to have a big birthday celebration because   _  .", "They celebrated Dad's birthday by  _  .", "We can know from the passage that  _  ."], "article": "We always celebrated Dad's birthday on Thanksgiving Day. even afier he stayed in a nursing home . When we knew it might be his last birthday, the whole family decided to have a big birthday celebration at the nursing home.\nDad was a good storyteller. But this time I told Dad to listen to some stories for a change. One after another, people told stories from their hearts  , while Dad listened with tears   in eyes. People thought of kinds of stories-stories about when they were little, stories about when Dad was young.\nEveryone seemed to have more than one story. Even the little grandchildren couldn't wait to tell Dad why they loved him. For a man who was kind to so many hundreds of people in his life, here was a change to tell him how much we love him. A few months later, at Dad's memorial service  , we fully knew what we gave to Dad that night. Those are the stories people usually tell at a funeral   after his or her death  . They tell stories, full of tears. But we gave those memories  to Dad in his life, and we told them through laughter with hugs and joy. He had them to hold and enjoyed them from time to time in his heart during his last days and months.\nThat's the ways to give back love and that's our chance  to celebrate a person in his or her life.", "id": "middle3377.txt"}