{"answers": ["D", "A", "C", "B"], "options": [["City cleaners", "Haze producers", "Local governments", "Common people"], ["cars can be used only when people have to", "cars should be given up as soon as possible", "cars must be improved to reduce air pollution", "cars may cause the most serious pollution of all"], ["we can save a lot of money by using less energy", "coal is now becoming rarer and rarer on our planet", "harmful things come out while electricity is produced", "electrical appliances send out something harmful to our air"], ["What are causing haze around us", "What you can do to reduce haze", "How dangerous haze is to our life", "How important it is to reduce haze"]], "questions": ["Which does the writer think should play an important rode in reducing haze?", "We can infer from the passage that the writer thinks  _  .", "We should reduce the use of electricity mainly because  _  .", "Which can be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "These days haze is around us here and there. In fact,everyone has the power to change their living habits to help reduce it. Many local governments call on their people to take action to make the air cleaner.\nTransport is one of the biggest contributors to haze. When,where,how,why and what you drive all affect air quality. When one drives to work for one year,he uses as much energy as a bus rider uses in 10 years. So walk or ride your bicycle to work or school whenever possible. If it is necessary,you can use public transport instead of your car. Each person using public transport for a year instead of a car can save nearly a tonne of pollutants,including CO2,from going into the atmosphere.\nCarpooling is another way to reduce carbon emissions .Carpooling is the sharing of car journeys so that more than one person travels in a car. It immediately reduces your car's emissions by half.\nWhat you do inside your living space can have a big effect on the air quality outside it. You can do a lot of things inside and around your home that will help you pollute less and save some money.\nA large amount of our energy supply comes from burning coal,another contributor to haze. By cutting down your electricity use,you are cutting down on haze. So you may try to reduce your use of electricity by turning off lights,using your air conditioner wisely during the summer months,or updating some of your electrical appliances to low-energy models. For example,you can use energy-saving lamps that require less energy and last 10 times longer than common bulbs.", "id": "middle3404.txt"}