{"answers": ["B", "A", "D", "D", "C"], "options": [["toothbrushes", "tea cups", "shampoo", "paper slippers."], ["To let their guests take fewer things while travelling.", "To hope their guests use fewer disposable things.", "To wish their guests to save money.", "To want their guests to use more disposable things."], ["Many disposable things are made of plastic.", "Throwing disposable things away is a waste of natural resources.", "Plastic is very bad for the environment.", "Plastic breaks down easily."], ["Using shopping bags made of plastic.", "Using paper cups instead of plastic ones.", "Using disposable plates, bowls and chopsticks.", "Using everything over and over again."], ["People don't like disposable things at all.", "We can't use paper or plastic bowls at school.", "We should use fewer plastic things and protect our environment.", "Hotels won't provide disposable things to save money."]], "questions": ["Which of the following may still be provided  in Beijing hotels after June?", "Why do many hotels provide guests with some disposable things?", "Which of the following is NOT true?", "What can we do to make our world a better place at home and school?", "We can tell from the story that  _  ."], "article": "Have you ever stayed in a hotel? Most Chinese hotel often provide guests with things like disposable toothbrushes, toothpaste, shampoo and slippers. Many guests like the idea because they don't have to bring their own.  But ,if you travel to Beijing, remember to bring your own things.  Starting from June, some hotels in Beijing will no longer provide guests with these disposables.  They want to ask people to use fewer disposable things.\nMany disposable things are made of plastic.  People throw them away after only using them once.  It is a waste of natural resources and is very bad for the environment.  Do you know that one Chinese person makes as much as as 400kg of waste a year? Most of that waste comes from disposable things.  In Beijing, people throw away about 19,000 tons of plastic bags and 1,320 tons of plastic lunch bowls every year! Plastic can take between 100 and 400 years to bread down.  So wherever you travel, bring your own things and use them again and again.\nBack at home and school, you can also do something to make our world a better place.  Try to do these things in your daily life: use cloth shopping bags, not plastic ones. After using a plastic bag, wash it out and let it dry.  Then you can use it over and over again.  Do not use paper cups.  At your school canteen . use your own bowl and chopsticks instead of  disposable ones.", "id": "middle341.txt"}