{"answers": ["A", "D", "B", "D", "C"], "options": [["Independent grown-ups.", "Married people.", "People who can drive.", "People in the army."], ["17.", "18.", "20.", "21."], ["The age people become adults depends on whether they can vote or not.", "The age people become adults depends on their own independence and responsibility.", "The age people become adults depends on if they are eighteen years old.", "The age people become adults depends on when they get the key to their houses."], ["Because the law decides it.", "Because they can leave when they want.", "Because they can come home when they want.", "Because it is a tradition."], ["They are free to decide when to celebrate their own birthdays.", "They are free to look after themselves well.", "They are free to make their own decisions.", "They are free to make time move faster."]], "questions": ["Which of the following are truly adults according to the passage?", "At what age do Australians really become adults?", "What is the writer's opinion about the age people become adults?", "Why do people in Australia get the key to the houses when they really become adults?", "What are adults free to do according to the passage?"], "article": "Some children cannot wait to grow up. Because once you become an adult, you are free to make your own decisions. More importantly, you can do all those things that you cannot do now because you are too young. So, the question is, 'At what age do you really become an adult?' Well, people become adults at different ages in different places.\nIn Australia, the 18th birthday is a very important event for young Australians because it means they can do almost anything they want. They can vote, learn to drive a car, get married, join the army and even buy their own houses. However, even if they can do all these things, most Australians have to wait until their 21st birthday to really celebrate becoming an adult. This is the traditional adult age not only in Australia, but also in the USA and the UK. It is their first year of true independence  .Traditionally, people were given a key to their houses by their parents when they turned 21, meaning they could come and go as they like.\nEven though 21 is the traditional adult age in many English-speaking countries, the law nowadays is different in each country. In the UK, you can join the army at 16 and even get married at 16 if your parents allow. Young people in the UK can learn to drive a car at 17 as in Australia, although they have to wait until they are 18 to vote.\nIn China, there is a different age for each of the stages of becoming an adult. You can vote and learn to drive a car when you are 18, but if you want to get married, women have to wait until they are 20 and men until they are 22. Chinese people celebrate important birthdays every 10 years--so when young people turn 20, they can expect a big party!\nNo matter what age you are, becoming an adult is really about learning how to be independent and responsible . Once you are finally able to take care of yourself and make your own decisions, then you can say that you are truly all grown-ups.", "id": "middle3435.txt"}