{"answers": ["C", "B", "C", "B"], "options": [["Taller trucks can pass under them.", "Passengers can climb up and have a good view of the city.", "They are safer for the passengers and keep traffic moving at the same time.", "They are easier and more convenient for the passengers."], ["Because they stop traffic from being held up.", "Because they provide an easy way for the drivers to cross the road.", "Because they save money for the government.", "Because they save time for the passengers."], ["Overhead bridges are found in every part of Nanjing.", "Overhead bridges are found in the centre of Nanjing.", "Overhead bridges are found in many parts of big cities in China.", "Overhead bridges are found in places where traffic is heavy."], ["It is inconvenient for old people to walk across the road.", "It is much safer for the passengers though climbing up and down the steps may be a little difficult", "An overhead bridge is more beautiful than a zebra crossing.", "To build overhead bridges is the business of the government."]], "questions": ["What is the advantage  of overhead bridges mentioned in this passage?", "Why were overhead bridges built in Nanjing?", "Which of the following statements is true according to the passage?", "What's the writer's attitude towards overhead bridges?"], "article": "Overhead bridges are found in many parts of Nanjing, especially in places where traffic is very heavy and crossing the road is very dangerous.\nThe purpose of these bridges is to enable passengers to cross road safely. Overhead bridges are used in very much the same way as zebra crossings. They are more efficient although less convenient because people have to climb up a long flight of steps. This is inconvenient especially to old people. When passengers using _ ,  traffic is held up. This is why the government has built many overhead bridges to help passengers and to keep traffic moving at the same time.\nThe government of Nanjing has spent much money in building these bridges. For their own safety, passengers should be encouraged to use. They can't risk their lives by running across the road. Old people may think that it is a little difficult to climb up and down the steps, but it is much safer than walking across the road with all the dangerous of moving traffic.\nOverhead bridges serve a very useful purpose. Passengers, both old and young, should make it a habit to use them. This will prevent unnecessary accidents and loss of life.", "id": "middle3487.txt"}