{"answers": ["A", "D"], "options": [["The child", "The parents.", "The child's friends.", "the teachers"], ["To develop a good parent-teacher relationship, some school subjects need to be changed.", "Education is just about academic success.", "It is only teachers' duty to teach children about money.", "With parent and teachers caring for the child, he may feel supported."]], "questions": ["Who is most affected by the parent-teacher relationship?", "Which of the following is TRUE, according to the passage?"], "article": "Good parent - teacher communication is necessary for a child's success in school. Recent studies show that the more actively parents are involved   in the child's school life. The better the child does in his studies.\nLike all relationships, parents and teachers affect each other, but the person who is most affected is the child. What they need to understand is that the educational success depends on many things, including the ability of the parents and teacher to know his needs and what he likes, and encourage him.\nWhen a child's teacher and parents work together in the best interests   of the child, he may feel able to learn, but, more importantly, also feel supported.\nEducation is about much more than just academic   success. We must use the parent-teacher relationship to help a child grow and learn. So, how should parents and teacher work together?\nIt doesn't require a change in the school subjects. It simply means that they should work together to help make lessons practical   . For instance, if a child is learning about money at school and the teacher takes the time to communicate this to the parents, the parent can take the child to the store to practice what he is learning at school. At the store, he has to pick out a thing he can afford to buy, take out the right amount of money to pay for it and check to make sure the clerk has given him the right amount of _ . Doing this can help him to learn about the world in which he lives. This is how good parent-teacher communication supports the parent, teacher and, finally, the child.", "id": "middle3493.txt"}