{"answers": ["A", "B", "A", "D"], "options": [["The man-made noises.", "The noises made by themselves.", "The sound of earthquakes.", "The sound of the ice-breaking."], ["They are deaf because of noises.", "Noises at a certain level may hurt them.", "They are easily confused by noises.", "Noises will limit their ability to reproduce."], ["stop them from doing their research work", "benefit them a lot in their research work", "do good to their health", "increase the industrial output"], ["They will try their best to make no noise.", "They will work hard to cut down natural noises.", "They will study the effect of different noises.", "They will protect animals from harmful noises."]], "questions": ["According to the passage, which of the following is increasingly dangerous to sea animals?", "As to the influence of noises on whales, which of the following statements is TRUE?", "We can know from the passage that many scientists think that the noise limit  of one hundred twenty decibels would   _  .", "According to the passage, what will scientists most probably do in the future?"], "article": "Some scientists say that animals in the ocean are increasingly threatened  by noise pollution caused by human beings. The noise that affects sea animals comes from a number of human activities. Such noises are added to natural sounds. These sounds include the breaking of ice fields, underwater earthquakes, and sounds made by animals themselves.\nDecibels  measured in water are different from those measured on land. A noise of one hundred and twenty decibels on land caused pain to human ears. In water, a decibel level of one hundred and ninety-five would have the same effect.\nSome scientists have planned to set a noise limit of one hundred and twenty decibels in oceans. They have found that noises at that level can frighten and confuse  whales.\nA team of American and Canadian scientists discovered that loud noises can seriously hurt some animals. The research team found that powerful underwater explosions were causing whales in the area to lose their hearing. This seriously affected the whales' ability to exchange information and find their way. Some of the whales even died. The explosions had caused their ears to bleed and become infected.\nMany researchers whose work depends on ocean sounds disagree to a limit of one hundred and twenty decibels. They say such a limit would mean an end to important industrial and scientific research. Scientists do not know how much and what kinds of noises are harmful to ocean animals. However, many scientists suspect  that noise is a greater danger than they believed. They want to stop noises from harming creatures in the ocean.", "id": "middle3558.txt"}