{"answers": ["D", "A", "A", "B"], "options": [["The development of online bookstores.", "The disadvantages of traditional bookstores.", "The great advantages of online bookstores.", "The challenges traditional bookstores face."], ["The small sales of his books.", "The tiring work of selling books.", "The high cost of running the bookstore.", "Competition with other traditional bookstores."], ["lower the prices of books", "provide 24-hour service", "provide relaxed reading areas", "exhibit books in a better way"], ["traditional bookstores will break up sooner or later", "dangdang. com is the first website selling books in China", "more and more people will start bookstores on the Internet", "most of the buyers who buy books online are young students"]], "questions": ["What is the passage about?", "What made Wang Jian change the way he did business?", "To attract buyers, traditional bookstores and online bookstores both choose to  _  .", "We can know from the passage that  _  ."], "article": "Online shopping is growing fast in China, and more and more Chinese are buying books online. At the same time, traditional bookstores are facing new challenges. A bookstore in Beijing is going out of business . All of its books are on sale. Bookstore owner Wang Jian says hot sales of books on the Internet pushed him to change the way he did business.\nChina has the highest online book buying rate in the world. More than years ago, dangdang.com became the first online bookseller, and now becomes very important in the Chinese online book market.\nFacing this challenge, the Xinhua Bookstore also built its online store a few years ago. Zhang Jian, CEO of the Xinhuabookstore.com, says now they are enlarging their online services.\nA \"price war \"is taking shape between traditional bookstores and online bookstores. Faced with the low-cost advantage of online bookstores, traditional ones can do nothing but lower their prices. At the same time, online bookstores are also starting price wars between each other.\nNow some traditional bookstores are trying their best to attract buyers in their own way. They exhibit books better and provide  a very relaxed reading environment in the bookstore. Even though, traditional bookstores can hardly compete with some of the advantages of online bookstores, for example 24-hour service.", "id": "middle36.txt"}