{"answers": ["B", "D"], "options": [["Taking shorter showers.", "Buying products with unnecessary packaging.", "Wearing clothes made from organic materials.", "Using both sides of a piece of paw."], ["Some Methods to Live Happily.", "Some Advice to Save Money in Daily Life.", "Some Steps to Live a Healthy Life.", "Some Ways to Make One's Life Green."]], "questions": ["Which of the following acts does not agree with the writer's green ideas?", "What does the passage mainly talk about?"], "article": "Want to save the environment? You probably can't fix everything on your own, but by taking small steps and keeping the environment in mind every day, you can make a difference,\n1. Think Green. Challenge yourself to think about the environment as you live your life. If you shut off lights when you leave the room, turn off your TV when you're not watching it, you'll save energy. If you take shorter showers, you'll save water.\n2. Shop Green. Shopping is fun, but buying things you don't need is wasteful and bad for the earth. Before you buy something, ask yourself how much you'll really use it. Keep yourself away from buying products with unnecessary packaging  , and whenever possible, buy things that were locally made instead of those shipped from far away.\n3. Dress Green. Wear green trousers and T-shirts if you want. But what really matters isn't the colour, it's how the clothes were made. If you want to help the environment, the best place to find clothes is at _ , but you might not want to buy everything used. No matter where you shop, keep an eye out for products made from environmentally friendly materials like organic  cotton, which is grown without the use of pesticides ( ).\n4. Study Green. What's better than learning about the environment? Save it while you learn, It can be as simple as using both sides of a piece of paper before you recycle it, or reusing an old textbook :instead of buying a new one. If you want to do more, join an environmental group at your school, and encourage your friends to join, too.", "id": "middle3621.txt"}