{"answers": ["D", "A", "C", "B"], "options": [["He reads books.", "He reads newspapers", "He looks through magazines", "He looks at the posters on the wall."], ["About 2.000 years ago.", "In the 19th century.", "About 1.000 years ago.", "In the 11th century."], ["People didn't want to buy books.", "Printing was invented in China.", "Knowledge and ideas spread quickly.", "The Internet was introduced to people soon"], ["People won't need books any more", "Books won't be replaced by computers.", "People prefer to find information in books.", "Computers have already replaced books."]], "questions": ["What does the writer do before he goes to sleep'?", "When was paper first created?", "What happened after books became cheaper?", "What is the writer's opinion about books and computers'?"], "article": "Every morning my father buys a newspaper on his way to work. Every evening my mother looks through magazines at home. And every night, I look at the posters with photos of David Beckham and Yao Ming on my bedroom wall before I go to sleep. Can we imagine life without paper or print?\nPaper was first created about 2,000 years ago, and has been made from silk, cotton, bamboo, and, since the 19th century, from wood. People learned to write words on paper to make a book. But in those days, books could only be produced one at a time by hand. As a result, they were expensive and _ . And because there weren't many books, few people learned to read.\nThen printing was invented in China. When printing was developed greatly at the beginning of the 11th century, books could be produced more quickly and cheaply. As a result, more people learned to read. After that, knowledge and ideas spread  quickly.\nToday information can be received online, downloaded from the Internet rather than found in books, and information can be kept on CD-ROMs or machines such as MP5 players.\nComputers are already used in classrooms, and newspapers and magazines can already be read online. So will books be replaced  by computers one day? No, I don't think the Yao Ming poster on my bedroom wall will ever be replaced by a computer two meters high!", "id": "middle3649.txt"}