{"answers": ["B", "B", "C"], "options": [["the people he met in Japan", "the experiences in his early life", "working as a teacher in Beijing", "his father's being put into prison"], ["It came from Lu Xun's diary.", "It was the first novel to use everyday language.", "Its story took place in modern times", "It was written in a western style."], ["funny stories", "articles about himself", "articles against the government", "stories about the government"]], "questions": ["Which of the following greatly influenced Lu Xun's writing according to the passage?", "According to the passage, why was Lu Xun's story Diary of a Madman so popular?", "After moving to Shanghai, Lu Xun mainly wrote   _  ."], "article": "Lu Xun is one of the greatest Chinese writers of the 20thcentury. Today, many of his writings are included in school textbooks and his works are read by millions around the world.\nBorn in 1881 to rich family, Lu Xun had a happy childhood. In 1893, however, his grandfather was put into prison  for taking money. At the same time, his father became seriously ill. From that time on, his family were no longer accepted by their relatives  and friends. These early experiences greatly influenced his writing.\nBy the time Lu Xun arrived in Nanjing to study at a college in 1899, he already believed that Chinese government had to change and become modern. In 1902 he went to study in Japan. There he began writing articles for some Chinese student magazines. He showed a gift for writing and translating  and he even wrote several books, though none was popular. He returned to China in 1909 because he was in need of money.\nAfter working for a few years as a teacher in Beijing, Lu Xun again returned to writing. In 1918, he wrote his famous short story Diary of a Madman. It was the first Chinese novel using the everyday language that people spoke, which helped make it a great success. _ , together with his novel The True Story of Ah Q(1921), made Lu Xun a leading Chinese writer.\nThough successful, Lu Xun still worried greatly about China's future. In 1926, he moved to Shanghai and gave up writing stories. He only wrote articles which called on the people to fight against  the government. For this, the government stopped him publishing  any more books. He was made to write his articles using false names .\nSince his death in 1936, Lu Xun's importance and influence have grown. More and more people have become interested in reading and studying his works.", "id": "middle3650.txt"}