{"answers": ["A", "B", "D"], "options": [["It had opened the day before the hanging.", "It had been broken a long time.", "After three times, it opened.", "John Lee's dead body fell through it."], ["They didn't know where it was.", "The Venezuelan police were not allowed to enter Colombia.", "The police in Colombia told them that (hey would help.", "The police in Colombia told them not to go inside."], ["they didn't know where he was", "the police in Venezuela didn't ask for help", "the man's lawyer told them not to help", "the man's crime was not a crime in Colombia"]], "questions": ["What do we1know about the door in the floor?", "Why didn't the Venezuelan police go into the man's bedroom?", "The police in Colombia didn't help the police in Venezuela to catch the thief because"], "article": "Here are two stories from different parts of the world. They seem strange but, believe it or not, they re all true!\nJohn Lee was an Englishman who refused to be hanged! In 1884 the police said Lee had killed an old woman who he used to work with. There was nothing to show that Lee had killed the woman. Lee told the police he hadn't done it, but no one believed him and he was going to be hanged. On the day of the hanging, however, the door in the floor, through which Lee's body would fall, did not open. They tried three times but each time the door stayed closed, even though it had worked well the day before. In the end they sent Lee back to prison, where he lived for the next twenty-two years. At all times, John Lee said he hadn't killed the woman, and he believed it was the \"hand of God\" that had saved him from death by hanging.\nThe police in Venezuela  in South America followed a man home one night. He was the thief they wanted to catch. However, half of his house was standing in Venezuela and the other half was standing in Colombia  . Venezuela's neighbor. When the police entered the house, the man ran upstairs to his bedroom, which was in Colombia, and called his lawyer  . The Venezuelan police were not allowed to enter Colombia so they could not enter the bedroom. They asked the police in Colombia to help. The Colombian police refused to help because the man's crime  was not a crime in Colombia. In the end, the Venezuelan police gave up and went back to the police station.", "id": "middle3669.txt"}