{"answers": ["D", "C"], "options": [["Getting tired of putting your heart into each other.", "Finding a new hobby that takes up much time.", "Realizing the relationship going in an unhealthy way.", "Living too far away from each other."], ["Four basic elements of friendship.", "Friendly advice on reading.", "What to do with friendship in trouble?", "When to be friends or enemies?"]], "questions": ["What is NOT the usual cause of ending a friendship?", "What can be the best title for this passage?"], "article": "Just like any relationship, best friendships depend on trust, promise, respect and interests. When any of these elements  is missing, the friendship will be hard to go on. If the trust is totally broken, you may not be able to forgive him/her. Sometimes a friendship ends because either you or your friend gets tired of putting the heart into it. This can happen when one of you finds a new friend or even a new hobby that takes up much time. Or, perhaps you find the relationship is always going in an unhealthy way and you want some distance. Other times, you simply change and want to leave each other. Sure, it seems sad at the time, but it's completely normal. Not all friendships are meant to last forever. So, what should you do if something like this happens to you? Read on for some friendly advice.\nWhatever the reason you're breaking up with your best friend, always remember that he/she was once super important to you. Take the time to sit down privately and tell him/her what's going on and why. Don't send him/her an unpleasant e-mail or just start ignoring  him/her. In fact, maybe he/she has known there's a problem and would be willing to have a heart-to-heart chat. If you're not sure about wanting an end forever, you could suggest you two take a break from each other. If, after a while, you realize why you became the best friends in the beginning, you can try getting back to your former behaviors. Whatever you do, be honest about your feelings while having respect for his/hers. And if you both agree the _ thing is over, make sure not to be enemies.", "id": "middle369.txt"}