{"answers": ["B", "D", "A", "D"], "options": [["Teach in a school.", "Work at an orphanage.", "Provide service for volunteers.", "Work in a hospital."], ["She wasn't interested in it at all.", "She wanted to go back home.", "She felt her job was very easy.", "She thought it hard but interesting."], ["She may come from England.", "She can only speak English now.", "She doesn't like teaching children very much.", "She thought her volunteer experience was terrible."], ["explain that being a volunteer in a strange country isn't a good idea", "tell people not to worry about their food and housing conditions", "explain that it's very important for children to learn English", "show that a volunteer should face difficulties bravely"]], "questions": ["What did the writer think she would do in Thailand at first?", "How did the writer feel when she started her job on the first day?", "Which of the following is RIGHT about the writer?", "The writer tells us her experience as a volunteer to   _  ."], "article": "In October 2012, I joined an organization to volunteer to work in Thailand. When I arrived in Thailand, I thought I would be taken to an orphanage . However, I was told that I had to go to the place where I would live by train alone. And then I knew that my job was to teach English in a school instead of working at an orphanage.\nThe next day I went to the school and met the kids I would teach. In the classroom, the kids looked at me, saying nothing. No one could speak English. But from their eyes, I knew they were really nervous to learn English, It seemed like a big challenge for me, but that was just what I wanted.\nAlthough I loved the kids and the challenge, my life in Thailand was quite hard at first. I was alone and there was nobody I could talk to. However, I didn't give up. If I had been afraid of difficulties, I wouldn't have traveled all the way from England to Thailand to be a volunteer. Little by little, I learned some Thai and started to fall in love with Thailand. Every time I saw the kids' pleasure of learning English, I was happy and felt that what I was doing was really _ .\nNow I'm working in a hospital in Thailand. If you also want to be a volunteer like me, don't worry too much about the food or the place where you live. After all, as a volunteer, the most important thing is to help people who need help!", "id": "middle3799.txt"}