{"answers": ["A", "C", "B"], "options": [["Harelipped children under 14.", "All disabled children.", "All disabled children under 14.", "All harelipped children."], ["Faye Wong and Li Yapeng don't like their daughter.", "More than 7 people's eyes were cured thanks to Cong Fei's Cornea.", "Guan Mucun was once helped by the government and her neighbours.", "Jackie Chan didn't have chance to visit the people he helped."], ["Chinese charity work.", "Charity work of some Chinese artists.", "Some famous Chinese artists,", "Organizations started by Chinese artists."]], "questions": ["Who can get help from the Yan Ran Angel Foundation?", "What can we learn from the passage?", "What is the passage mainly about?"], "article": "Do you know more and more Chinese artists have made regular donations to charity or put their efforts  into charity work in China? Here let's know some of them.\nFaye Wong and her husband Li Yapeng started the Yan Ran Angel Foundation  for harelipped  children three years ago. It was named after their daughter. Its purpose is to help children under 14 to cure their harelips. The couple donated one million yuan (about $ 133,000) to start the organization.\nCong Fei was born in a poor family. He became a successful singer in Shenzhen. He helped 178 poor students and disabled people for more than 10 years. Before he died of an illness at the age of 37 in 2006, he decided to donate his cornea  to people with eye problems. He helped six people see the world.\nGuan Mucun has donated money to Project Hope to help poor students finish primary education. Thirty of these poor students have already finished high school with her support. Guan has also helped with charity work for environment protection, HIV/AIDS prevention, blood donation and \"Mother Water\".\nGuan had an unlucky childhood: her mother died when she was only 10 years old. With the help of the government and her neighbours, she grew up and was successful as a famous singer.\nAction star Jackie Chan is a wholehearted supporter of charities including UNICEF, Operation Smile and his own Jackie Chan Charitable Foundation. In 2007, he used much of his spare time to visit the farthest parts of China on his Dragon's Heart Charity Missions. The Dragon's Heart Foundation aims to meet the needs of poor children and the elderly in the hardest-to-reach areas of the country. Chan has made several trips to these poor villages, bringing warm clothing, wheelchairs and school supplies, and helping to build schools.", "id": "middle391.txt"}