{"answers": ["C", "D", "C", "B"], "options": [["Because his father has being recovering from a major lung operation.", "Because his father can't eat food just after a major lung operation.", "Because his mother passed away and his father lost interest in life.", "Because his father was very weak."], ["A Ice Cream", "A Woman's Unfortunate Life", "A Warm Hug", "A simple act of kindness"], ["One evening the author's father didn't want to eat anything except ice cream.", "When the author passed the woman's ward, he gave an ice cream to the woman.", "The woman had cancer but few people to look after her.", "The author knew the woman a long time ago and they kept in touch with each other."], ["We should look after the old when they suffer some cancer", "It is very easy to make someone happy when they are unlucky.", "If we buy some present, we'll get a warm hug at last.", "If someone has a cancer, he won't eat anything except ice cream."]], "questions": ["Why it was difficult to try the author's father to eat food?", "Which is the best title of this story?", "Which is TRUE according to this passage?", "Form this passage we can learn that  _  ."], "article": "About 3 months ago, my father was in hospital recovering from a major lung operation. My mother had recently passed away, and my father had taken the loss of his partner of 58 years very hard and had lost interest in life. It was quite difficult to try to get him to eat each day as he didn't want anything. The one thing, however, that he would ask us to bring him was ice cream.\nOne evening, to our surprise, he refused to eat the ice cream, so I placed it in a staffroom refrigerator. A little while later, my son said he wanted it, so I fetched it for him. As I passed another ward  , a woman asked, \"Are there more where that came from?\" When I explained, she seemed very disappointed. She then said that she had cancer and could eat very little other than the occasional ice cream.\nThe next evening, I decided to buy two ice creams. On the way to dad's room, I came into the sick woman's room, and offered her the ice cream I'd bought for her. She was totally astonished that I had thought of her, and accepted the gift with tears in her eyes. I spoke with her for a few minutes, explaining what was happening in my family and listened to her similar story of pain and suffering. It was _ that she did not have many visitors.\nI repeated the gesture a few days later, and this time I received a warm hug. I never even thought to ask her name and never saw her again, but it made me realize that a simple act of kindness can bring joy to a person's unfortunate life.\n,.", "id": "middle3914.txt"}