{"answers": ["D", "B", "C"], "options": [["They want to turn younger.", "They miss the past years.", "They terrify the future days.", "They don't want something to happen."], ["Stop and quarrel with others.", "Do as it didn't happen.", "Get in the red face.", "Do the same thing to others."], ["Funny.", "Interesting.", "Bored.", "Excited."]], "questions": ["Why do persons wish for a time machine in this passage?", "If a small thing happens to you, what should you do?", "How will you feel when you meet or caught in a really cringe-worthy moment?"], "article": "In the middle of a really embarrassing moment, you might feel like you just want to disappear. Maybe you wish for a time machine that could send you back five minutes. Well, time machines are hard to come by in the real world, so finding a better way of getting through the humiliation  is needed.\nSometimes, embarrassment is caused by how we act after we make an unwanted thing. If the thing is a small one, you can just pretend it didn't happen, and many people won't notice. On the other hand, if you stop, or get red in the face after you've messed up, people will really notice, and it will be hard to let the moment pass by. Of course, some embarrassing moments are too big or obvious for this plan to work.\nSometimes when you meet or get caught in a really cringe-worthy  moment, it doesn't seem funny. Other people may laugh, but you just get red in the face and feel like curling up in a ball of shame. But there are some people who can laugh at their own mistakes. When they mess up, they laugh harder than their friends do! People like _ don't stay embarrassed for long, because this can turn into another funny story. They might even make a joke about their mistake before anyone else gets the chance to.\nYou shouldn't pretend a laugh if you really feel angry or embarrassed, but changing your attitude or outlook might be worth trying. Remember that a thing that makes you embarrassed today will probably make you laugh tomorrow. So why not try to laugh today?\n,.", "id": "middle3923.txt"}