{"answers": ["D", "B", "B", "C"], "options": [["None.", "Two hours.", "Three hours.", "Forty minutes."], ["Nottingham East Academy is larger than any other school in the UK.", "In the UK, no school has announced a non-homework policy so far.", "Letting kids do their homework at school is popular in the UK.", "Reading after school is good for students."], ["most people don't think homework should be given", "he doesn't think homework is helpful to education", "homework taken students too much time", "some schools welcome the policy"], ["Homework Is Necessary", "Reading after School", "Non-Homework Policy", "Amazing Advertisement"]], "questions": ["How much time does it take students to finish their homework at Tiffin Boy's school now?", "According to the passage, which statement is WRONG?", "Barry Day thinks homework unnecessary because  _  .", "The best title for the passage is  _  ."], "article": "For most kids, homework is just part of their daily lives, but have you ever imagined that one day you won't need to do any homework at all? Such a thing has just happened in a school in the UK.\nNottingham East Academy, a school in the UK, has established a non-homework policy   recently. The school plans to give an extra lesson and provide more activities for students to do at school. So the students no longer need to do homework after class. When the school announced this policy , students , parents and teachers were all shocked.\nThe school , Nottingham East Academy , is the country's largest school. It has a total of 3,570 students. Barry Day, the president of the school, thinks that homework is unnecessary and can easily cause argument both at home and at school. He once told the local newspaper ,\" People give homework for children to do simply because they think it should be given. Actually, homework doesn't help with education at all.\"\nLetting kids leave their homework at school is becoming popular in the UK. Several other schools are welcoming the policy and are taking similar measures  .Tiffin Boy's school has started giving students less homework. Students now spend less time on homework. The time has dropped from two or three hours to just forty minutes a night. Nottingham East Academy is asking students to read for pleasure with their parents at home instead.", "id": "middle3955.txt"}