{"answers": ["B", "C", "D"], "options": [["traditional cards", "e-cards", "flowers", "computers"], ["The way we sending greetings to each other has never been changed.", "People can't make their own greeting cards on the Internet.", "E-cards can help you to say sorry to those you hurt in a thoughtful way.", "Few people would rather send traditional cards to the persons they love."], ["Different cards for different people.", "The writer tries to persuade people not to use traditional cards any more.", "The difference between e-cards and traditional cards.", "Why do more and more people like using e-cards."]], "questions": ["More and more people like sending   _   to each other.", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?", "What is the passage mainly about?"], "article": "The Internet has changed our habits, including our habit of sending greeting cards. There are many e-card websites that make it easy to find the right greeting cards. They have greatly changed the way we send greetings to each other.\nOur lives have become so busy that we have limited personal time. These e-card websites have allowed everyone to easily share their feelings with each other. They include plenty of greeting cards that can be used immediately. The users can choose any card they like, from festival greetings to birthday wishes. In fact, e-cards are perfect for any event. That's why more and more people like to send e-cards. If the users are interested in making their own greeting cards on the Internet, they can create a card within only a few minutes.\nThey allow you to send your greetings on a special date. So you can plan for the occasion when you want to send the card. For example, you can send your e-card on a certain day and then visit the person with some flowers the next day. This will surely create a good impression on the persons you love and give them a great surprise.\nWe have never forgotten the importance of saying sorry to our beloved ones. But sometimes we fail to do so, because we are not brave enough to face those we hurt. Some e-cards allow us to express our feelings in a more thoughtful way.\nAlthough some people still would rather buy traditional cards in the shops for the persons they love, especially when they want the cards to last a long time, more and more people are choosing to send greetings on the Internet.", "id": "middle3958.txt"}