{"answers": ["B", "C", "C", "D"], "options": [["Tiring and boring", "Exciting and dangerous", "Relaxing and colorful", "Peaceful and comfortable"], ["have worked in Africa for six months", "have been sent on an emergency task", "be ready to work for a task for at least half a year", "have suffered from wars, illnesses or other disasters"], ["Because they can get a good pay.", "Because they can have a comfortable life.", "Because they can help others and get experience.", "Because they can travel abroad with their families."], ["Chris is a doctor who has organized programs to help people.", "MSF received the Nobel Peace Prize for helping poor countries.", "Volunteer doctors make a real difference to their own lives in MSF.", "MSF offers medical help to people who have suffered from disasters."]], "questions": ["What may MSF's work be like?", "As a volunteer doctor for MSF, he or she should   _  .", "Why would doctors like to join MSF?", "What is the main idea of this passage?"], "article": ".Chris is not a traditional explorer --he usually works in an office for a large organization. However, Chris' job can be just as exciting and dangerous as being an explorer.\nChris works for MSF, an organization also known as Doctors Without Border . Since 1971, MFS has sent trained doctors all over the world to help people who have suffered from disasters, such as wars and illnesses. Chris is a doctor from France who has traveled to many places to organize programs that help people.\nAt the moment, over 27,000 trained doctors have taken part in MSF projects. The organization received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1999. All kinds of doctors can volunteer for MSF. They need to be ready to go almost anywhere in the world and, of course, they should face difficulties. Most of MSF's work is in Africa. When MSF chooses a doctor for a task, they have to go for at least six months. When doctors have completed a few tasks, they might be sent on an emergency  task following a disaster, such as an earthquake.\nBut why would doctors leave a comfortable life and a good pay to join MSF? According to Chris, the experience they have is a great help in their life. What's more, just like the explorers of the past, they need to keep an open mind and learn to get on well with the people they meet. One thing that they can say at the end of any task is that they have made a real difference to people's lives.", "id": "middle396.txt"}