{"answers": ["A", "B", "D", "B", "A"], "options": [["Pop, folk, country and western music.", "Pop, folk and classical music.", "Pop, folk and country music.", "Pop, country and western music."], ["when they drive the car.", "when they drive to work.", "any time they want.", "when they want to sing along with."], ["music is very important to Americans' life", "cowboys only like country music", "different people like different kinds of music", "both A and C"], ["Few students in America like popular music.", "Students with cars in America like to listen to music while driving.", "Adult drivers in America listen to music all the time while driving.", "Everyone in America wants to meet pop singers wherever they go."], ["American Music.", "Fold Music.", "Pop Music.", "Cowboys and their Country Music."]], "questions": ["What kind of music are mentioned in this passage?", "When do the adult drivers always listen to music ?", "From the passage we know that   _  .", "Which of the following is TRUE according to this passage?", "What would be the best title for this passage?"], "article": "Popular music in America is what every student likes. Students carry small radios with earphones and listen to music before class, after class, and at lunch. Students with cars buy large speakers and play the music loudly as they drive on the street.\nAdult drivers listen to music on the car radio as they drive to work. They also listen to the news about sports, the weather, and the life of American people. Most of the radio programmers are music.\nPop or popular music singers make much money. They make a CD or a tape which radio stations use in many places. Once the popular singer is heard all over the country, young people buy his or her tape. Some of the money from these tapes goes to the singer. Wherever the singer goes, all the young people want to meet him or her. Now the singer has become a national  star.\nThere are other kinds of music that are important to Americans. One is called folk  music. It tells stories about the common life of Americans. Another is western or country music. This was started by cowboys who would sing at night to the cows they were watching. Today, any music about country life and the 1ove between a country boy and his girl is called western or country music.\n,.", "id": "middle3995.txt"}