{"answers": ["A", "C", "C", "B"], "options": [["are trying activities such as bungee jumping", "are climbing the highest mountains", "are coming close to death in sports", "are looking for adventures such as travelling into exciting parts of the world"], ["jump as high as you can", "slide down  a rope to the ground", "tie yourself to a rope and fall to the ground", "fall towards the ground without a rope"], ["they have a lot of free time", "they can go to hospital if they are injured", "there isn't so much excitement in life", "they no longer need to hunt for food"], ["Modern Life is Boring", "Dangerous Sports: What and Why", "Bungee Jumping: Is It Really Dangerous?", "Need for Excitement"]], "questions": ["More and more people today   _  .", "In bungee jumping, you   _  .", "People probably take part in dangerous sports nowadays because   _  .", "What is the best title of this passage?"], "article": "Around the world more and more people are taking part in dangerous sports and activities. Of course, there have always been people who have looked for adventures--those who have climbed the highest mountains, travelled into unknown parts of the world or sailed in small boats across the greatest oceans . Now, however, there are more people who look for an excitement from a risky activity which may only last a few minutes or even seconds.\nI would think bungee jumping to be a good example of such an activity. You jump from a high place (perhaps a bridge or a hot-air balloon) 200 metres above the ground with an elastic   rope tied to your ankles . You fall at up to 150 kilometres an hour until the rope stops you from hitting the ground. It is said that about 2 million people around the world have now tried bungee jumping. Other  risky activities include jumping from tall buildings and diving  into the water from the top of high places.\nWhy do people take part in such activities as these? Some psychologists suggest that it is because life in modern world has become safe and boring. Not very long ago, people's lives were often in danger. They had to go out and hunt for food, diseases could not easily be cured, and life was harder than that of the present days.\nNowadays, to many people, life offers little excitement. They live and work in safe conditions; they buy food in shops; and there are doctors and hospitals to look after them if they become ill. The answer for some of these people is to look for danger in activities such as bungee jumping.", "id": "middle4001.txt"}