{"answers": ["A", "C", "B", "D"], "options": [["read better", "calm down", "raise IQ", "feel creative"], ["green and blue", "grey and blue", "red and yellow", "black and white"], ["Your IQ and abilities.", "The use of your room.", "Your likes and dislikes.", "The location of your room."], ["What should we learn about colors?", "Why are people interested in colors?", "Where should we be careful with colors?", "How do colors affect our learning abilities?"]], "questions": ["The color grey may help you  _  .", "If you want to remember some important points, you may use the colors  _  .", "Which is the most important when you choose the color for your room?", "Which might be the proper title for the passage?"], "article": "People have been interested in color and its effects for hundreds of years. More recently, research has turned to the question of how different colors can help students learn better.\nBelieve it or not, some colors can affect a child's IQ . For example, a simple black and white color scheme may cause IQ to become low, while the good use of reds and oranges may raise it as much as 15 points. Be careful not to use too much, however; a little red is exciting, but too much makes people uncomfortable. Bright yellow is exciting to the brain, while the color green is thought to encourage creativity.\nUse blue and green to calm yourself. Blue, especially, can cause you to calm down. Something blue in a reading area, for example, may help you focus  on what you are reading. But too much dark blue can make you sad, so use light blue on walls or large floor areas.\nIf you are struggling to read, try a different color of paper. According to a study, 80 percent of children who had difficulty in reading improved their understanding when they put something grey or blue over their pages. Do not use bright colors here, as they become difficult to look at after a while.\nHowever, use bright colors like red, orange and yellow for important points. These colors attract the eye and may help you notice details.\nThe same color of the walls of a room do not help you focus on your studies, but make you slow in understanding. Colors, on the other hand, make the senses active and encourage learning. Use primary colors red, yellow and blue in a proper way. Then how do you make your choices of color? It mainly depends on your space, the lighting and the function   of the room.", "id": "middle4012.txt"}