{"answers": ["D", "B", "C", "D", "A"], "options": [["easy", "convenient", "impossible", "difficult"], ["ask your parents for help", "go out of your own box", "obey others' requests", "talk more with shy persons"], ["They'll do the same things as you.", "They'll go to the same places.", "They may not look anything like you.", "They may give all you need"], ["if we have many friends, it isn't necessary to make new friends", "stepping out of the comfortable places is easy for outgoing persons", "friendships always happen quickly if you introduce yourself", "the same interests among persons may make you get the friendship"], ["How can we make friends?", "What is the friendship?", "Who can we make friends with?", "When do friendships happen?"]], "questions": ["From the passage, it's   _   to make friends for most people.", "If you want to make friends, you should   _  .", "What are the friends like after you have them?", "According to this passage, we know   _  .", "What does the writer want to tell us?"], "article": "Making friends might seem to come easy for some persons, but it's maybe very hard for most persons. No matter how many friends you might already have, it is always a good idea to make new friends.\nBeing shy keeps a lot of people from making friends. Also, making friends might need a person to step outside of their comfortable places, which are hard for a lot of people, whether they are shy or not. However, overcoming the shyness to step out of your box is an important step in making friends.\nThere are lots of ways to meet new friends. First of all, remember that a good friendship is based on interests, so if you are ready to make friends, start to join clubs or go places where you have interest. For instance, if you like to play sports, join a sports team or after school sports club. If you have interests in music or writing, join clubs or organizations that you are interested in. When you see someone in a place like that, and you think that they look nice, it is always a good idea to go up to them and introduce yourself and ask interesting questions so that you can start a conversation. Don't put too much pressure on yourself, and remember that friendships don't always happen quickly.\nSome friendships happen right away, and you'll be able to tell if someone will be a great friend right after you meet them. Some friendships take a long time to develop. Anyway, the friends that you meet are going to be worth it. If a friendship develops quickly, it doesn't mean that it is extra valuable, and if a friendship takes a long time to develop, it doesn't mean that it isn't worth it because it's too hard.\nMaking friends might be a bit difficult for you, and the friends you will make may not look anything like you. However, even though it might be scary to start conversations, you are worth doing it. All friendships start with a single hello.", "id": "middle4031.txt"}