{"answers": ["D", "C", "D", "B"], "options": [["British people enjoy public transport", "it's fast to travel from London to Paris", "trains in Britain provide fine services for their users", "trains are a good form of public transport for Londoners"], ["drivers can drive fast", "drivers can drive carelessly", "cars are not moving fast", "cars will stop working"], ["old and slow", "large, clean and powerful", "fine and important", "fast, safe and comfortable"], ["We can travel from London to Paris in less than 2hours.", "We can do our work with personal computers on the train.", "We have to wait till we get off the train in order to have some food.", "The trains are only checked for quality reasons before they are used."]], "questions": ["The main idea of the passage is that   _  .", "In a traffic jams on the road,   _  .", "Londoners often travel by train because trains are   _  .", "What can we know from the passage?"], "article": "Some people have to use public transport, some dislike it and still some love it. If everyone has a car and drives anywhere they want to go, there will be serious traffic problems on the road. Luckily, trains are a good form of public transport.\nBritish people use trains a lot. This is especially so for people who are travelling from London to Paris. Every day about 20 trains leave London. They travel at a very high speed and people feel glad that the trains take only 2 hours and 30 minutes to reach Paris. It's much faster to travel by train than by bus or by car. This is because people have to drive cars or buses very carefully and lowly for many reasons, such as speed limits and traffic jams. However, when you are travelling by train, the speed is almost the same and there is no traffic jam for a train.\nBesides, Londoners think taking a train is one of the safest ways of travelling on the ground. Trains take quite a number of quality tests while they are made. More importantly, they have to take many safety checks before they are used on the rail track.\nWhat's more, trains in Britain are comfortable and provide fine services for their users. When you are on a London train, you will find that the train has comfortable tables and seats where people can sit. They also provide food services and power plugs  for personal computers or mobile phone.", "id": "middle4103.txt"}