{"answers": ["A", "B", "C", "B", "D"], "options": [["They built a farm of ants.", "They bought a few ants.", "They caught a lot of ants.", "They found an ant city."], ["The writer knocked the glass box over because he put his face so close to the glass farm.", "The ants didn't die one by one after the tunnels were destroyed.", "Like people, teamwork is very important for the ants.", "Giving up isn't a good way when we meet trouble."], ["All the tunnels fell down.", "The ants died one by one.", "The ants got into the glass box.", "The ants began making tunnels."], ["Working together is useless.", "Teamwork is important.", "He can't accept adversity.", "Working alone is amazing."], ["Ants Fear Adversity", "My Family and Ants", "Giving Up in Adversity", "Don't give up anytime"]], "questions": ["What did the writer's family do for him when he was seven?", "Which statement is WRONG according to the passage?", "Among the following events, which one happened first?", "What did the writer learn from the ant tragedy a few years later?", "What is the best title for the passage?"], "article": "When I was seven years old, my family made me an ant farm. First, we put clean sand in a thin glass box. Then we waited for the ants to arrive. After the ants were in the glass farm, they started to make tunnels . I was amazed that each one knew exactly what to do. Each had its own job.\nOn the fifth day a tragedy  happened. I put my face so close to the glass farm that I knocked it over. All the tunnels fell down. Although the ants remained alive after their earthquake, one by one began to die. I was scared as I watched them give up building their tunnels to carry the bodies to a corner the farm. My mother said that the ants were dying of sadness. They simply could not stand that their tunnels were gone.\nAlthough much time has passed, I still think of that ant farm. Mom had hoped it would teach me about the natural world, but it taught me much more.\nOver the years, I came to realize the importance of teamwork. Working together, the ants were able to make an amazing world for themselves. I also learned that they should be admired for their hard work.\nBut there was an even larger lesson that I did not realize until recently: Adversity  is a natural part of life, and must be accepted. Unlike the ants, we cannot give up when we are sad. We have to realize that if a tunnel is gone, we must build another.\nGiving up, I say, is not a good choice.", "id": "middle412.txt"}