{"answers": ["A", "B", "A", "D", "C"], "options": [["Bird flu is widely known to people.", "Bird flu is a very dangerous disease.", "Bird flu could make people sick.", "We have good medicine for bird flu now."], ["By eating boiled eggs.", "By eating checked birds.", "By touching sick chickens or their droppings.", "By forgetting to open windows."], ["To go to the market to buy live chicken to eat.", "To wash your hands carefully with soap if you do touch a sick bird", "To do some exercises regularly and keep healthy.", "If you feel sick, see a doctor right away."], ["Everyone", "Grownups", "Experts", "Children under 12 years old"], ["Stay away from other people", "Always close the windows.", "Cover your mouth and nose", "Have enough sleep"]], "questions": ["Which sentence is not true according to the passage?", "How do people catch bird flu?", "Which habit is not safe for fighting the illness?", "Who is easy to get bird flu?", "What should you do when you cough or sneeze?"], "article": "EVERYONE is talking about bird flu . Yes it is a very dangerous disease that could make people very sick. It will be a few months before we have good medicine for bird flu.But that doesn't mean you can't do anything to prevent it now.\nSo far, all the people who have caught bird flu have been those who touched sick chickens or their droppings . So it is a good idea for people to stay away from live chickens. \"People used to go to the markets to buy live chickens to eat, but now they have to change that habit,\" said Peter, an expert from World Health Organization. But if you do touch a sick bird, remember to wash your hands carefully with soap right away. Experts also say having good habits and a healthy body will help keep you safe from bird flu. For example, don't buy or eat birds that have not been checked. Don't eat anything that has touched raw meat. Also don't forget to open your windows often and exercise regularly. Getting enough sleep is also very important for fighting illness .If you feel sick, see a doctor right away.At present, no one in Shanghai has bird flu. But WHO says children under 12 years old could easily get sick with bird flu.\nTry to stay away from people who have the flu, and always cover your mouth and nose when you cough or sneeze.", "id": "middle4275.txt"}