{"answers": ["A", "B", "B"], "options": [["January", "February", "November", "December"], ["Seven weeks", "Thirteen weeks", "Fifty days", "Ninety --nine days."], ["A Dangerous Lake", "A Strong Little Boy", "How proud the Father Is", "How Clever the Doctors Are"]], "questions": ["The story happened in   _  .", "How long did Jimmy stay in hospital before he got healthy?", "Which is the best title  for the story?"], "article": "Chicago is next to a beautiful lake, Lake Michigan. In the summer Lake Michigan is  warm and blue .People lie on the beaches and swim in the water. In the winter Lake Michigan is  cold and gray .Snow covers the beaches, and ice covers the water.\nOn a cold January day, a little boy and his father were playing in the snow on Chicago beach. The boy was Jimrsy Tontlewicx. He was four years old .Several Minutes went by .The father still couldn't find Jimmy. Firemen arrived .Twenty minutes later they found Jimmy and pulled him out of the water. Jimmy was not breathing, and his heart was not beating . He was dead. At the beach paramedics worked on Jimmy for an hour . He began to breathe , and his  heart began to beat . The paramedics rushed Jimmy to the hospital.Doctors at the hospital put Jimmy in bed .They put him on a cold mattress  because they wanted his body to warm up slowly. They gave him some medicine because they wanted him to sleep .After six weeks in the hospital he got better ,Then he went to another hospital. He stayed there for seven weeks .He began to walk ,talk ,and play again.\nJimmy was in the water for more than 20 minutes . He couldn't breathe in the water . He couldn't get any oxygen .But today he is alive and healthy. How is it possible? Jimmy is alive because the water was ice cold. Usually the brain needs a lot of oxygen .But when it's very cold , the brain slows down. It does not need much oxygen .So the ice cold water saved Jimmy . Jimmy's father has another reason  .He says ,\"Jimmy is alive today because he is a fighter . \"", "id": "middle4334.txt"}