{"answers": ["C", "A", "B", "D", "C"], "options": [["They have no house to live in.", "The boy can't go to school because of money.", "They have difficulty in communicating and understanding each other.", "The parents worry about their son's friends."], ["The boy thinks it hard to be a teenager.", "The boy thinks it easy to get better grades as what their parents hope.", "The parents think it's easy to be parents.", "The parents think they should be strict with their son."], ["To listen to his excuses when he comes back late.", "To be more patient when he talks about his problems.", "To wear more fashionable clothes when his friends come to visit.", "To listen to more beautiful music with his friends."], ["Because it is Saturday that day.", "Because on that day, people around the world will come back home for a meeting.", "Because both parents and children are very happy on that day.", "Because it's the International Day of Families and people work on family problems on that day."], ["To eat healthier food and wear cleaner clothes.", "To get high grades and cut hair shorter.", "To stay and chat with their parents as often as possible.", "To make more friends and come home early."]], "questions": ["What problem are the boy and his parents facing?", "Which of the following is RIGHT according to the passage?", "What does the boy want his parents to do?", "Why do people usually take a walk and have a talk on May 15th?", "Which is a good way for children to get closer to their parents according to the passage?"], "article": "I try to be a good son, but no matter how hard I try, my parents never seem to be satisfied. They think I should eat healthier food, should wear cleaner clothes, and I should get better grades. And according to them, my hair should be shorter, my room should be neater, and my friends should be more polite when they come to visit. You know it isn't easy to be a teenager.\nWe try to be good parents, but no matter how hard we try, our children never seem to be satisfied. They think we should wear more fashionable clothes, we should buy a faster car, and we should listen to more beautiful music. And according to them, we should be more patient when they talk about their problems, we should be more friendly when their friends come to visit, and we should be more understanding when they come home late on Saturday night. You know it isn't easy to be parents, either. Do you and your parents also have such problems?\nWell, why don't you take a walk and have a talk on Saturday? May 15th is the International Day of Families.  On that day, people around the world give thanks for good things about their families and work on family problems.\nA study last year showed that many Nanjing families had the same problem like this. The children, 12 to 15 years old, didn't like talking with their parents much. They weren't happy at home. Of course, lots of kids have the same feeling like that. But you and your parents will be much happier if you can be friends. Parents are the closest people to you in the world. They love you just because you're their child. And they would do anything for you.", "id": "middle4400.txt"}