{"answers": ["A", "D", "C"], "options": [["A record for paddling a bathtub.", "A record for climbing a mountain.", "A record for pushing a hospital bed.", "A record for swimming across a river."], ["The people who held the dinner party all came from Sydney.", "Only nine people held the highest dinner party.", "They had a meal on the mountain.", "They carried a dinner table and chairs up the mountain to hold the dinner party."], ["Hospital bed pushing was a popular sport in Edinburgh.", "People living in Ashford usually used a bathtub to carry things.", "Two different records for hospital bed pushing were given.", "Hospital bed pushing was held twice a year in Avon, Great Britain."]], "questions": ["According to the passage, what record was made near Ashford in May, 1983?", "What was unusual about the highest dinner party held by the nine people in the passage?", "Which of the following is mentioned in the passage?"], "article": "Everyone would like to be remembered. A few people even try to do something that no one else in history has ever tried to do. These people sometimes have their names recorded in the Guinness Book of Records.\nOften it takes a group of people to do something unusual. One such team paddled a bathtub 145 kilometers for 24 hours. This group had 13 members. They paddled their bathtub on a river near Ashford, Great Britain on May 28 and 29, 1983. A month later, a racing team of hospital bed pushers in Avon ,Great Britain, pushed a hospital bed 16 kilometers in just 50 minutes! However, the distance record for hospital bed pushing is still held by the men of Brunt field Bedding Center. This team from Edinburgh pushed a hospital bed 5,203 kilometers in 1979. It took the team 35 days to cover the distance.\nAnother group of record makers held the highest dinner party in the world. Nine people from Sydney, Australia, climbed Mountain Huascaran on June 28 1989.The climbers carried a dinner table, chairs, and a meal up the mountain .When they reached the top, they all put on warm suits for dinner.\nPeople all over the world are trying hard to do something unusual to make a record. It should be understood; however, that now not all the records will be kept in the Guinness Book of Records.", "id": "middle442.txt"}