{"answers": ["A", "C", "C", "A", "D"], "options": [["Because even though you are not an adult, you must deal with adult problems.", "Because even though you are an adult, you must deal with children's problems.", "Because even though you are a teenager, you must do a lot of homework.", "Because adults often make them feel stressed."], ["by asking them to go to university", "by helping them with their homework", "as teenagers quarrel with their parents, and their brothers or sisters", "as families never support their children enough"], ["Because they will be leaving their favorite teachers.", "Because many people's favorite memories are at school.", "Because they may worry about getting a place at university.", "Because they may worry about becoming an adult."], ["Because there is a lot of competition for jobs.", "Because there are no jobs.", "Because a job is more difficult than school work.", "Because there is a lot of competition for places at university."], ["by not trying to find a job", "by forgetting about our problems", "by getting a place at university", "by sharing our problems with our friends"]], "questions": ["Why is being a teenager often difficult?", "Families can add to the stress a teenager might experience   _  .", "Why can leaving school be a stressful time for teenagers?", "Why can finding a job after finishing school be difficult?", "We can deal with the stress in our life   _  ."], "article": "Everybody can suffer from stress. No matter what your age is, you can feel stressed out by things that are happening in your life.\nTeenagers, however, have many more opportunities to get stressed than people in any other age group. Being a teenager is hard. You are not a child any more, but you are not an adult, even though you have to deal with some very grown-up problems and decisions.\nFamilies can be one of the biggest causes of stress, such as problems with parents arguing at home or problems with brothers and sisters. Teenagers also have a lot of stress from school, either from their teachers or from their friends. Some teenagers also feel stressed about choosing their education after high school. Getting a place at university can be very difficult and some cannot afford to go to university. The stress about getting a job when finishing school is hard for some teenagers. There are so many young people finishing school and not enough jobs for them.\nSadly, there is nothing we can do to remove these causes of stress from the 1ives of teenagers, but you can learn the best way to deal with it. Talking to people is one of the best ways to deal with stress. It may sound simple, but it is true. A problem shared is a problem halved.", "id": "middle4450.txt"}