{"answers": ["C", "B", "A", "D", "C"], "options": [["know you are common", "lose the balance of life", "begin to learn something new", "get tired of daily life"], ["Forget daily fear and pain", "choose the right example", "ask others for decisions", "stay away from stars"], ["turn their original ideas into real things", "influence others with their knowledge", "discover what their ancestors did", "put different materials to good use"], ["what to learn from other people", "how to affect other people deeply", "how to search for more materials", "how to use imagination creatively"], ["To compare imitation with creation.", "To criticize the characters of role models.", "To sow the importance of creativity.", "To explain the ways of achieving success."]], "questions": ["Imitation is useful when you", "In order not to get the bad result of imitation, we should", "The author thinks the world moves on because of those who", "The trouble a creator faces is", "What is the author's purpose of writing this passage?"], "article": "Blind imitation is destroying yourself. To common people, imitation appears attractive; to creative people ,imitation is misleading.\nIn the early stages of skill or character development, imitation is helpful, When I first learned to cook, I used recipes and really cooked some tasty dishes. But soon I grew bored. Why did I have to follow someone else's way of cooking when I could create my own? Imitating role models  is like using  training wheels on a child's bicycle. They help you get going, but once you find your own balance, you fly faster and farther without depending on them.\nIn daily life, imitation can hurt us if we hold poor role models. As a child, if you watched people whose lives pain as normal and gone on to follow what they did. If you do not make strong choices for yourself, you'll get the results of the weak choices of others.\nIn the field of entertainment, our culture appreciates famous people. Those stars look great on screen. But when they step off screen, their personal lives may be awful. If you are going to follow someone, concentrate on their talent, not their bad character or behaviors.\nPeople like the person who is willing to act on their sudden inspiration to create something particular. Think of the things and people that have affected you most deeply. They moved you because their creations were caused by inspiration, not desperation . The world is changed not by those who do similar work before them but by those who do creative work. Creative people are full of new ideas. The problem a creator faces is not running out of material; It is what to do with the material to knock at the door of imagination.\nStudy your role models, accept the gifts they have given and leave behind what does not serve you. Then you can say, \"If I have announced my success, it's by learning lessons from my ancestors' failure.\"", "id": "middle4458.txt"}