{"answers": ["A", "D"], "options": [["You will destroy your well-planned thoughts about success.", "You'll have great pressure and try not to make any mistakes.", "You will try your best and come up with a much better plan,", "You'll put all the opportunities to good use to try your plan."], ["See a Clear Picture of Life", "Taking Actions Leads to Success", "Set Your Goals to Achieve", "Actions Speak Louder than Words"]], "questions": ["What will happen if you have the possible failure in your mind?", "What is the best title for the passage?"], "article": "\"You don't have to be great to get started, but you have to get started to be great.\" I believe it is a normal thought in today's society to just let life happen to us. I also believe that we sometimes destroy our well-planned thoughts about success because it's easier to just continue as usual rather than \"try\" with the possible failure in mind.\nMost people never get moving because they don't know what they want. Without a certain result already set in your mind, it's really difficult to get going, and even if you do, your attention may soon disappear and you give up before too long.\nWhy not consider what's really important in your life? Write down what excites you, what would truly make you happy and what problems you have. At the end of the week, take a careful look at the notes you've taken .You'll soon begin to see a clearer picture of what direction you should be going towards.\nKnowledge is useless without action. You read many books but your life will stay the same if you don't use the knowledge. Knowledge is fantastic but it will not change your life until it is used. I love to read personal development material to keep a positive attitude towards my life , but I also realize that if I don't set goals to achieve, then I will always be a talk the talk person who is great at giving advice but useless at realizing it .If you have no plans of practicing what you say, then it may be best to keep your mouth closed.\nDo you want know who you are? Don't ask, Act! Action will explain you. Whatever excuses we have for not living up to our talent, the fact is that time will always move forward. Be whatever you want to be and whatever you can be. Always remember the only limits we have are the ones we create for ourselves. Life is not what we think. It is what we experience when we behave according to the thoughts we have.", "id": "middle4459.txt"}