{"answers": ["B", "C"], "options": [["Acting", "Kung Fu", "Fighting", "Films"], ["Bruce Lee set up a Kung Fu school while he was studying in Seattle.", "It's the movie Fists of Fury that made Bruce Lee famous in the world.", "Bruce Lee was only two months old when we first saw him in a movie.", "Bruce Lee was sent back to America because of fighting often in the schoo1."]], "questions": ["What was Bruce Lee interested in all his life?", "According to the passage, which of the following is true?"], "article": "Bruce Lee  was born in San Francisco, California in 1940. His farther was a movie actor. Young Bruce appeared in his first movie with his farther when he was only two months old. Bruce and his parents returned to their home in Hong Kong in 1941. Bruce began to act in Chinese movies at the age of six.\nIn Hong Kong, Bruce Lee began his life-long interest in the Chinese Kung Fu. He studied with Yip Man, a Kung Fu master. Bruce was also often seen in many street fights. His parents decided this must stop. They sent him back to the United States. He became a student at the University of Washington in Seattle. Later he opened a school to teach Kung Fu in Oakland,California.\nIn 1966, Bruce Lee acted in an American television series called The Green Hornet .The program was not a success, but many Hollywood movie actors began studying Kung Fu with him. He appeared in several other television programs.\nBruce Lee returned to Hong Kong in 1971 to act in a Chinese movie known in the United States as Fists of Fury. The movie was extremely popular in Asia. He followed this with another film, The Chinese Connection. It too was extremely popular.\nIn 1973, Bruce Lee made his most famous movie, Enter the Dragon. It was the first movie made between American and Chinese movie companies. It became _ which made Bruce Lee a world famous movie star.\nBruce Lee died a few weeks before the movie was put on. He was 32 years old. It's said that his early death ended what would have been a very successful movie career.", "id": "middle446.txt"}