{"answers": ["D", "C", "C", "B"], "options": [["The family which throw dishes at the neighbor's door.", "The family which pours water onto the neighbor's door.", "The family which has no broken plates.", "The family with the tallest tower of broken plates, glasses or cups."], ["Because it makes them look cute.", "Because the polka dots are very popular in the culture.", "Because the round dots are like coins which means wealth.", "Because the round dots are very not easy to see in their daily lives."], ["catch there future dream job", "get a better future", "catch the future husband", "to make more money"], ["people around the world celebrate the New Year in the same way", "although people celebrate differently, their wishes are nearly the same", "Mexicans believe that Christmas Eve is the best time to talk with the dead loved ones", "the mistletoe leaves are placed under the bed in Ireland by single women"]], "questions": ["Which is considered the luckiest family in Denmark?", "Why do Philippines wear polka dots?", "The unmarried Irish women placed mistletoe leaves hoping to   _  .", "From the passage we can see   _  ."], "article": "How do you celebrate New Year's Eve? Have you ever imagined how New Year's Eve would look in another country? Examples listed below are four of the top ten \"Special New Year Traditions Around the World\".\n1. Breaking Dishes on Neighbor's Door----Denmark\nA strange Danish New Year tradition is throwing dishes at neighbor's door. Strangely, this makes them happy instead of annoying them. The family with the tallest tower of broken plates, glasses, cups is considered to be the luckiest one because it means their large number of true friends.\n2. Talking to Spirits----Mexico\nTalking to spirits is a part of Mexican belief. Mexicans strongly believe that they can communicate with the souls of their dead loved ones. New Year's Eve is considered the best time to communicate with dead spirits.\n3. Wearing Polka Dots  ----Philippines\nImagine streets full of people wearing polka dots and dining room tables full of round shaped food and fruits on one single day of the year. This all actually happens in the Philippines on New Year's Eve every year. Philippines believe that this will bring them wealth by relating the round dots to coins and wealth.\n4. Mistletoe Leaves Are Placed Under Pillow to Find Husband----Ireland\nThe unmarried women of Ireland wait until 12 for New Year's Eve because it is the night that can bring them the love of their lives. They place mistletoe leaves under their pillow hoping to catch their future husband. It is also believed in the Irish culture that this act will help them stay away from bad luck.\nNo matter how people celebrate the New Year, we all want to start a new, fresh year with renewed enthusiasm. We all want to be happier, find love, renew friendships, increase our wealth and also hope for a little extra luck in the coming new year.", "id": "middle4488.txt"}