{"answers": ["C", "B", "D", "D"], "options": [["A predator kills and eats other animals as prey.", "A predator not only eat animals, but eat grass.", "A predator can eat other animals, but also can be eaten.", "A predator can both run across snow and swim in icy water for hours."], ["Because sharks can see, smell, hear, feel and taste.", "Because sharks can sense electrical currents( )from other animals' bodies", "Because sharks have smooth bodies.", "Because sharks never really sleep and never stop hunting."], ["Sharks' fins", "Tigers' skins", "food", "food and fun"], ["the sharks.", "the tigers.", "the polar bears.", "some people."]], "questions": ["The following statements are about \"predators\", which one is true?", "Why do sharks can find some fish that try to hide themselves?", "Some people are also predators, they hunt and kill more animals for   _  .", "Among the sharks, the tigers, the polar bears and some people, which are the most dangerous predators on earth?"], "article": "A predator  kills and eats other animals as prey .Sometimes it also becomes food for other predators. Polar bears are the largest of all the land predators. They can run across snow and swim in icy water for hours without rest. Their favorite food is seal. Not all big animals live on small animals. Hippos have heavy bodies and huge mouths. But they don't eat animals. They just eat grass.\nSome predators use speed to catch their prey. Cheetahs are the fastest animals on land. They can run up to 70km an hour. Other predators use their senses to find their food. Sharks can see, smell, hear, feel and taste. They can also sense electrical currents( )from other animals' bodies. Some fish try to hide themselves, but with this sixth sense, sharks can always find them. Sharks have smooth bodies. This helps them swim without using lots of energy. They need to save their energy because they never really sleep and never stop hunting. Flying is a useful skill for many predators in the sky. The butcher bird is the most interesting predator. It has a special way of eating its prey. First it kills its prey. Then it hangs it on a fence or in a tree, just like a butcher hangs meat in his shop. Finally, it eats its prey.\nSome people hunt and kill more animals than any other predator. They not only hunt for food. They also hunt for fun. They kill sharks for their fins, and tigers for skins. Those human hunters are the worst predators on Earth.", "id": "middle461.txt"}