{"answers": ["B", "D", "C", "D", "B"], "options": [["Because he could not speak English.", "Because he did many unlucky things.", "Because he understood British customs.", "Because he went shopping in England."], ["They are afraid of them.", "They keep spiders as pets.", "They hope to see every kind of spiders in their houses.", "They think some kinds of spiders are lucky."], ["Excited.", "Satisfied.", "Afraid.", "Happy."], ["Thirteen is an unlucky number in England.", "It is very unlucky to walk under a ladder or put new shoes on the table in England.", "For most British people, breaking a mirror means bad luck.", "People never give purses as presents in England."], ["5.", "6.", "8.", "10."]], "questions": ["Why did Lu frighten the writer's grandmother?", "What do many British people think of spiders?", "What did the writer's grandmother feel when she saw the umbrella?", "Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?", "How many wrong things did Lu do altogether?"], "article": "Last week Lu visited England. He stayed with my grandmother. He found it was strange.\n'I don't know why, but I frightened your grandmother a lot. When I arrived, I gave her a purse from Dongtai. She looked in it and asked me to take it back. Then I saw a red spider   on the table, and I killed it for her. She seemed very unhappy. Do English people like spiders?\n'Later we went shopping. Someone was painting a shop front, so there was a ladder. Grandmother stopped me from walking under it and said I must walk around it. I liked the shops and bought some lovely rose soap for my mother, a smart umbrella for my father and some new shoes for myself. When we got back, I put the shoes on the table and opened the umbrella to check if it was all right. Your grandmother came in and screamed!\n'Then I broke a small mirror in the bathroom. Your grandmother's face went white. I felt very sorry. When I left, I gave your grandmother some flowers. She counted and there were 13. She didn't like them.'\nI explained to Lu, 'My grandmother follows the old customs. You must not give someone an empty purse, or they will have no money. You must not kill a \"money spider\", or the same will happen. Also it is very unlucky to walk under a ladder or put new shoes on the table. An open umbrella in a house means someone will die. Breaking a mirror brings seven years' bad luck, and 13 is also a very unlucky number. You were really making my grandmother very afraid.'", "id": "middle4668.txt"}