{"answers": ["B", "A", "C"], "options": [["she had lived with her parents whose names were not known", "she had lived in the street for many years", "the workers knew her well", "she had learned to write and read by herself"], ["popular and successful", "understood by others", "Miss Hong Kong", "known to everybody"], ["All the children at the orphanage liked Mary.", "Mary was not happy working as a secretary.", "Mary's boyfriend was good at English.", "Mary's life in the orphanage was difficult."]], "questions": ["Before Mary Cheung was brought to the orphanage,   _  .", "The sentence \"orphanage girls could be something\" means that orphanage girls could be  _  .", "According to the passage, which of the following sentences is TRUE?"], "article": "The workers who brought the girl to the orphanage  knew little about her. The street where they found her had been her home for many years. Her parents were unknown. They left her long ago. At the orphanage, the girl, like all the children there, was taught to read and write. While she was studying at the orphanage, she learned something else-to be independent . At twenty-one, she left the orphanage and began to work as a secretary. And then, in 1975, while she was still working as an ordinary secretary, something special happened. She entered the Miss Hong Kong Competition and won it. This was the turning point in her life. Now her name, Mary Cheung, was known to everybody.\nMary entered the competition because she wanted to show that orphanage girls could be something. Winning the competition gave her the chance to start a new life. This led her first into television and then into business as a manager. When she was working as a manager, she had trouble with her reports. \"My English just wasn't good enough.\" she says. Luckily, she had a boyfriend (who later became her husband) to help her.\nMary studied management  at Hong Kong Polytechnic and graduated in 1980. She started her own business in 1985. But she did not stop developing herself. She then studied at the University of Hong Kong. Since 1987, she had spent a lot of time on photography . She has held several exhibitions of her works in many places-China, New Zealand and Paris. She still found time, however, to work on TV, write for newspapers and support her family.\nThe girl from the street has come a long way, but her journey has not finished yet.", "id": "middle4703.txt"}