{"answers": ["B", "A", "B", "C"], "options": [["he wanted to write a report to the newspaper.", "he would let the owner of the wallet know who helped him.", "he wanted the owner to give me some money for thanks.", "he did so just that was his job."], ["in the photo.", "at his uncle's home", "at the police station", "in the street"], ["The writer", "The policeman", "His uncle", "Nobody"], ["The policeman took down the writer's name and address.", "Four people were at table that evening.", "The writer found the name of the girl on the back of the old photo.", "The writer found the wallet and its owner on the same day."]], "questions": ["The policeman wrote down my name and address because   _  .", "The writer was quite sure that he had seen the woman before   _", "_   gave the wallet to the young woman at last.", "Which following is NOT true?"], "article": "I was walking down the street the other day when I suddenly saw a small wallet lying on the ground. I picked it up and opened to see if I could find the owner's name. There was nothing inside it except some money and an old photo of a woman and a young girl about twelve years old. The girl looked like the woman's daughter. I put the photo back and took the wallet to the police station. There I gave it to a policeman. Before I left, the policeman took down my name and address so that the owner could write and thank me if they found it.\nThat evening I went for dinner with my aunt and uncle. They also asked a young woman, so there were four people at table. Her face seemed familiar . I was quite sure that we had met before, but I could not remember where I had seen her. During the talking, the young woman said that she had lost her wallet that afternoon. At once I knew where I had seen her. She was just the young girl in the photo though she was now much older. She was very surprised, of course, when I was able to tell her what her wallet was like.\nMy uncle said that we should go to the police station at once to get the wallet. As that policeman handed it over, he said it was an interesting coincidence  ----I not only found the wallet, but also made friends with the person who had lost it.", "id": "middle4751.txt"}