{"answers": ["D", "A", "B", "B"], "options": [["It is the family genes that make people fat.", "People are fat because they consume too little energy.", "A diary of exercise can prevent people from becoming fat.", "It is the result of people's unbalanced lifestyle."], ["By taking all kinds of exercise.", "By choosing simple exercise.", "By doing regular exercise.", "By sticking to outdoor exercise."], ["Keeping fit is essentially a painful experience.", "Exercise should be stopped if continuous pain is felt.", "Pain in exercise is a precondition  for reaching your goal.", "Getting used to pain leads to positive changes in your body."], ["To show the importance of keeping fit.", "To clarify  some misconceptions  about fatness and exercise.", "To confirm what has long been believed about keeping fit.", "To explain some medical facts about being fat and doing exercise."]], "questions": ["What does the writer think about being fat?", "According to the writer, how can we make exercise more interesting?", "What is the writer's opinion about \"No pain, no gain\" in exercising?", "What is the purpose of the passage?"], "article": "There have always been a lot of commonly believed but false  ideas about being fat and doing exercise. Some people believe that they can't help putting an weight as they get older, while others hold that if they stop exercising, their muscles  will turn into fat. Here are some more myths.\nI'll never lose weight--I come from a fat family\nWrong! While we can't change the body type we are born with, we can't blame our genes  for making us fat. There's plenty of evidence that fatness runs in families, and the main reason is that they share the same habit of eating too much and exercise too little.\nI am fat because I burn calories slowly\nWrong! Fatness is not caused by a slow metabolism . In fact, although fat people consume   more energy than slim people, they also fail to realize how much they eat. Keeping a diary can help you work out your daily food intake more accurately .\nExercise is boring\nWrong! Anything will become boring if you do it again and again. The key is to develop a balanced and varied  program that's fun as well as progressive . If you enjoy a Sunday walk, take a different mute. If you do yoga , try a tai chi class.\nNo pain, no gain\nWrong! Exercise is not meant to hurt. Indeed, pain is your body telling you something's wrong, and continuing to exercise could lead to serious injury . You may experience mild discomfort as you begin to exercise regularly, but this is your body _ the positive changes in your lifestyle and the aches should disappear quickly. If they don't, rest and ask for medical advice.", "id": "middle4775.txt"}