{"answers": ["C", "B", "B", "A", "D"], "options": [["On February 28.", "On March 28.", "On April 28.", "On May 28."], ["she didn't have to go to school", "she would work as a grown-up", "she could sit in her father's taxi all day", "she would go out for lunch with her father"], ["Because her father didn't like to turn on the radio.", "Because they thought the writer was a passenger.", "Because her father's car was hot and uncomfortable.", "Because her father didn't stop to take any passengers."], ["To teach kids to appreciate school.", "To give kids a chance to experience real-life jobs.", "To give kids an idea of the possibilities for their futures.", "To show kids what it means to be adults in the working world."], ["It's boring to drive a taxi.", "Working with Dad is fun.", "It's hard to make money.", "School life is much better."]], "questions": ["When is 'Take Our Sons and Daughters to Work Day' all over the USA?", "That day the writer was happy at first for the following reasons except   _  .", "Why didn't people get into the writer's father's taxi?", "Which of the following is NOT the purpose of 'Take Our Sons and Daughters to Work Day'?", "What did the writer learn that day?"], "article": "This Thursday, across the USA, kids are skipping school  and going to work with their parents. They'll be making copies, sending faxes  and sweeping floors. This is because April 28 is Take Our Sons and Daughters to Work Day all over the USA. This holiday shows kids what it means to be a grown-up in the working world.\nI still remember when this day started, I was very happy. Not only did I have the chance to miss school, but I also got to sit in my dad's taxi all day long and we would go to a restaurant for lunch.\nBut after only 20 minutes of driving around the city, I was very bored. couldn't read my book in the car as I would get carsick  and my dad didn't like to turn on the radio. I got hot and uncomfortable. People wouldn't get into his taxi because they thought he already had a passenger-me, so nothing happened. It seemed years before we went out for lunch. I actually started to miss school.\nWhile the point of the day is to give kids a chance to experience real-life jobs and give them an idea of the possibilities   for their futures, I got something completely different from the day. I learned to appreciate   school. Where else do you get to play with your friends, do science experiments, read great books and write stories all in one day?\nJust as you'll have to learn to love your job later in life, learn to love school now. If you don't already, try spending the day at work with your dad.", "id": "middle4795.txt"}