{"answers": ["D", "C"], "options": [["he found it difficult to make friends with his classmates", "he had to walk a long distance to the evening school", "he could not put his heart into reading books after he was caught in the rain", "all of the above"], ["decided to get a good job", "decided to continue his studies in literature at the evening school", "decided to return to the school he once left", "began to feel very important and proud"]], "questions": ["The writer did NOT feel comfortable at the evening school because   _  .", "After his success, he   _  ."], "article": "Although I had left school against the advice of my teacher, I had, without telling anyone, tried to continue my studies in literature at evening classes. It was a tiresome walk from one end of the city to another and to sit among adults was uninteresting. I was the youngest in the class, so the friendship I knew at school was absent, I put up with it for a short period. It was too long a walk on cold winter's nights and it was hard to put my heart into Shakespeare with wet shoes and trousers. So I continued reading books and started writing poetry at home.\nBy chance, I won some prizes and rewards for literature. A young woman from a TV company came to the college one day. She wanted to make a short film about me, to which I said, \"No, I couldn't do that.\" Not that I had any real excuse, I was just frightened. In the end she persuaded me that I should do it the following day.\nSo I did. They made a short film of me reading one of my poems and I became more interested in literature than ever. I wondered what I should do after this, and decided some weeks later that I could not imagine myself spending the rest of my days dealing with machines. So one evening, I hesitatingly  told my parents that I wanted to return to school. They wanted to know if I was sure, if I knew what it meant and whether I realized that if I gave up my job training, it would be very difficult to get a good job. But nothing could stop me, and they asked about the matter on future.", "id": "middle4834.txt"}