{"answers": ["C", "B", "D", "C"], "options": [["Parents and other people.", "Teachers and their students.", "Parents and children of all ages.", "Only school kids and their parents."], ["2", "3", "4", "5"], ["argue with them", "keep away from them", "argue with them all time", "tell your parents what you care about"], ["How to be a good child", "How to be good parents1.", "How to bridge the generation gap", "How to deal with family problems"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, who have a communication problem ?", "How many pieces of advice does the writer give us to bridge the generation gap?", "If the values of your parents are different from those of yours, you'd better  _", ".The best title of the passage is  _  ."], "article": "Somepeople think only school children do not agree with their parents, however, it is not true. Communication is a problem for parents and children of all ages. if it's hard for you to communicate with your parents, don't worry about it. Here is some advice for you to _ the generation gap  .Don't argue with your parents. Don't get to your parents when you are angry.Your parents probably won't consider your ideas if you are shouting at them. And you can't express yourself well if you are angry. Go to someplace to cool off  . Make sure you understand why you are unhappy. Then think about what you want to say to your parents. If you don't think you can speak to them at the moment, try writing a letter.\nTry to reach a compromise  . Perhaps you and your parents disagree on something. You can keep your disagreement and try your best to accept each other. Michael's mother didn't agree with him about buying a motorcycle. They argued over it. But they finally came to a compromise. Michael bought the motorcycle, but only drove it on certain days.\nOf course, your parents might refuse to compromise on something . In these situations, it is especially important to show love and respect to them. Showing respect will keep your relationship strong.\nTalk about your values. The values of your parents are probably different from those of your own. Tell your parents what you care about, and why. Understanding your values mighthelp them see your purposes in life.\nA good relationship with your parents can make you a better and happier person .It is worth having a try!", "id": "middle4967.txt"}