{"answers": ["B", "C", "B", "D"], "options": [["Portuguese were the first to go to Macao.", "Some Portuguese settled in Macao and made their homes nearly a century ago.", "The city Macao grew slowly.", "People there put up strong forts to defend the city."], ["some of the buildings are now in ruins", "you can watch dog-racing or motor-racing", "you go about and look at the old buildings and forts with pleasure", "it' s a peaceful place."], ["In good restaurants.", "In small cool gardens.", "On some islands.", "In beautiful parks."], ["People from many countries came to live and work in Macao.", "Portuguese were willing to do business in China.", "People in Macao serve good food.", "Macao is a quiet and peaceful place with a lot to see and to do."]], "questions": ["Which of the following is NOT true?", "You feel in Macao you are back in the old days because   _  .", "Where will you have a break when you feel tired?", "What does the writer most want to tell us?"], "article": "Macao is only forty miles from Hong Kong and it is easy to reach. You can get there by sea. It is an interesting place and it has a long history. Macao is a part of China and most people living there are Chinese.\nThe first Europeans to go to Macao came from Portugal. More than four hundred years ago the Portuguese went there to trade with China. Some settled and made their homes there. They built strong forts to guard the city and the harbor . They also built churches, schools, hospitals and other places. Slowly the city grew. People from many countries came to live and work in Macao.\nToday many people visit Macao. Some only go there to watch dog-racing or motor-racing or to \" _ with their money, whether they lose or win. But Macao is a quiet and peaceful place. It is pleasant just to walk around and look at the old buildings and forts. You feel you are back in the old days. Of course, some of the buildings are now in ruins . The Church of St. Paul has only the front wall with many steps leading up to it. But it is still interesting to see.\nWhen you are hot and tired, there are small cool gardens to rest in. When you are hungry, there are good restaurants with many kinds of food. Nearby are some islands, which are also nice to visit and are easy to get to. There is certainly a lot to see and to do in Macao.", "id": "middle4968.txt"}