{"answers": ["A", "B", "B"], "options": [["will work hard", "will become heroes", "will follow her", "will achieve her goal"], ["there are fewer heroes than before", "many common people set examples to us", "heroes should be polite, patient and famous", "heroes have to reach the standard required for them"], ["What Heroes Do", "Who Are Heroes", "How Heroes Live", "Where Heroes are"]], "questions": ["Joyner-Kersee hopes that young people   _  .", "From the passage we know that   _  .", "The best title for this passage is   _  ."], "article": "Much has been said and written recently about heroes, mainly because many people think we have too few of them. There are many different kinds of heroes, but they all seem to have two things in common. First, heroes, by their actions, show the great possibilities of human nature. Second, heroes can also stand the test of time, and their achievements will not be easily forgotten. Because of these good points, we need to choose our heroes carefully.\nOlympic sports star Jackie Joyner-Kersee, who is believed to be a hero, warns young people to be careful of making athletes heroes. She hopes that if someone tries to copy her, it will be because she has achieved her goals by working hard. Joyner-Kersee says that a hero should be someone who has an influence on another person's life.\nPoet Maya Angelou believes that a hero encourages people to treat others well and to be concerned about the greater good. A hero should show politeness, courage, patience, and strength all the time. A hero should encourage others to follow him with actions that improve the world, even if only in small ways.\nAuthor Daniel Boorstin suggests that, \" _ are people who make news, but heroes are people who make history.\" Thus, if a person is truly worthy to be called a hero, he or she will not be soon forgotten.\nWe all need heroes. We need to be able to respect people who have been there, done that, and succeeded. Many times the greatest heroes are the people we deal with every day -- relatives , friends, and neighbors -- who will keep going when it is easier to give up. The parent who puts her or his family ahead of herself or himself, the teacher who will make more money at another job but chooses to help others -- all these people can be considered as heroes. A hero quietly and continuously sets a good example, an example that inspires others to follow.", "id": "middle4979.txt"}