{"answers": ["A", "B", "A"], "options": [["Children should start reading at a young age.", "Parents should tell their children stories every day.", "Teenagers should think and act differently from others.", "Students should find answers to their questions in books."], ["More teenagers read online now.", "What teenagers read builds their future.", "What children should learn first is phonics.", "More practice makes reading easier."], ["Why Is Reading Important?", "What Should Teenagers Read?", "How Is Reading Ability Improved?", "When Should Children Start Reading?"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is true?", "What can we infer from the passage?", "What's the best title for the passage?"], "article": "You eat to stay fit and keep your body working, right? Then reading is food for your mind and soul. Reading informs you of what's happening around. Reading encourages you to think and imagine, think out of the box and imagine the impossible.\nIn the past, people just read books, only books. Today, we have books online, which makes reading easy. The web, our new storehouse of information is just a click away. _ .You can lie in bed with a book, but with a computer you possibly can't. No matter how you read, reading is important.\nRemember those bedtime stories? We read fun facts about animals, plants and the universe. We ask \"whys\" and \"hows\". In books, we find their answers. Children who are introduced to reading at an early age are seen to have a better understanding of phonics  . They master language skills easily, have a richer vocabulary and have greater reading abilities. Children, who grow up reading good books, mostly stand out. The way they think and act is very different from those who have never been introduced to reading. Reading not only adds to their knowledge but also shapes their personalities. Reading has a great influence on one's life. Teenagers are easily influenced by whatever they read. If inspirational stories and life experiences are read in one's teens, they can change a person for the better. They stay with him and keep encouraging him to achieve his goals and choose the right against the wrong.\nThe more you read, the more creative and imaginative you will become. Reading develops vocabulary, improves language skills and sharpens your problem-solving abilities. It leads to a better understanding of self. Reading gives you knowledge, it makes you more confident. The more you read about others' lives and experiences, a better decision-maker you will become.\nReading about the importance of reading should lead you to read more, and more, and more. So choose a book you like and don't stop reading until you reach the end. And even after that read as much as you can.", "id": "middle4980.txt"}