{"answers": ["A", "D", "C", "B"], "options": [["She is patient and fun", "She is famous in the world", "she is more important than her sons", "They have been best friends and lived close."], ["For 5 years", "For 6 years", "For 10 years", "For 17 years"], ["Guess", "Look for", "Understand", "Point out"], ["The writer still lives in her own country.", "They got to know each other in their childhood.", "The writer felt tired of looking after her children.", "It's common that the writer never quarreled with her friends."]], "questions": ["How does the writer feel about her best friend?", "How long has the writer spent with her friend?", "Which of the following words has the same meaning of \"figure out\"?", "What can we learn from the passage?"], "article": "In fact, at the time they seemed to be ordinary events, but now everything seems different. I had spent 10 years away from the place where I was born. Even though I made the decision to leave my country by myself, I miss a lot of things now. The person that brought me the happiest memories is my best friend. She is the greatest person in the world, and I am not exaggerating . She is kind, funny,polite,and always willing to listen,and has been a great friend. I always recall events from our childhood. I think about the school where we met in the first grade and went on until the 5thgrade. I think about the talks we had and the things we did together. If someone wants me to describe our friendship, I'd say we have been close friends for 17 years and we never got angry with each other. It's  amazing, isn't it? I haven't been able to do that with anybody else. Sometimes I even feel guilty . I miss her more than my own brothers and sisters.  And of course besides those memories, my kids are number one in my life. I have plenty of beautiful memories with them, especially when they were born, which also turned out to be a sad moment for both of them, because they were premature babies . Anyone, who has had an experience with a premature baby, can _ what I mean.", "id": "middle5010.txt"}