{"answers": ["A", "D", "B"], "options": [["more information than television", "less information than television", "more news from other countries", "less information about important events than TV"], ["There are more interesting subjects in novels.", "We do not hear any music in a novel.", "Novels always explain what is happening.", "Novels make us use our imagination."], ["It is a wonderful invention.", "It is an important part of our lives.", "It requires no practices.", "It is not as important as television."]], "questions": ["Newspapers contain   _  .", "What are the advantages of novel over a feature film?", "What does the author think about reading?"], "article": "Some people say that today, reading is not as important as it was. These days we have photographs, films, radio and television. Why read a description of something when you can look at a photograph? Why read a newspaper when the latest news is brought to us every hour on radio and TV?\nPhotography was certainly a wonderful invention. Photographs can give a very clear idea of places and of people that we have never seen. An encyclopedia   , for example, is always better when it has good illustrations. But we also need words to explain the photographs and drawings. A photograph of an elephant may give us a very good idea of what an elephant looks like, but it tells us nothing about the different sorts of elephants there are and where they are found, their exact size and weight, how they can be useful to man and so on.\nIn the same way, a good film has action, movement, color, and maybe music. These are things we do not find on the printed page. But reading a novel has certain advantages over watching even an excellent feature film. Reading a novel requires imagination. Each of us imagines a story differently.\nWatching news on television can certainly be exciting. But we need newspapers as well. Some important news stories happen when there are no cameras around. More importantly, a newspaper does not just report the news. It explains why something has been happening. It also contains interesting articles on different subjects. Newspapers are an important part of our lives, if we want to understand what is going on in the places we live as well as in other parts of the world.\nReading is very important for information and pleasure. We need to be good readers to enjoy a full life as human beings. Reading is a skill and like other skills, it needs practice. The more we read, the better readers we become. And the better readers we become, the more we enjoy reading! The secret is to get the reading habit. Read at least a little every day.", "id": "middle5052.txt"}