{"answers": ["B", "A"], "options": [["Three.", "Four.", "Five.", "Six."], ["Writing poems is a good way to connect with your neighbours.", "Each family may have hardly used tools for others to share.", "In Portland, the intersections in some neighborhoods are very attractive.", "Move your backyard activities to the front yard and you'll have chances to meet your neighbors."]], "questions": ["How many ways are mentioned to build a better community?", "Which of the following is NOT true?"], "article": "We all want to live in good neighborhoods, but not everyone lives in a good neighborhood. How can you build a better community for yourself and your family? There are many things you can do.\nPaint your intersection . A street intersection is not something you think of as interesting. However, In Portland, people in some neighborhoods have made them really worth stopping for. Some paint, creative people and a bright design are all it takes to bring neighbors together and produce something the whole community can be proud of.\nMake a poetry box. The idea is simple, really - create a box with a glass or clear plastic front. Put this box on a post. Write your own poem or print out your favorite classic and display it in the box for all your neighbors to see. You can also set up a drop box and encourage neighbors to write their own poems and drop them in the box. Display the poems from your neighbors as the poems come in.\nSet up a tool library. How often do you need a leaf blower? Or a chain saw? And how often do you use that electric cake mixer? To01 libraries have space where neighbors can drop their hardly used tools to share. Check with a local business, community center or church group about space that can house a tool library.\nTurn your front yard into your backyard. How often do you meet your neighbors in your backyard? Probably never. Moving your typical  backyard activities to the front immediately makes you more visible . You can create front-yard gardens, build community benches and even just barbecue in your front yard. They are all great ways to connect with your community.\nWith effort, you'll make your neighborhood a much better place.", "id": "middle5057.txt"}