{"answers": ["C", "B", "D", "A"], "options": [["In a hotel.", "At home.", "In the woods.", "In a drugstore."], ["Cooking outside", "Talking with animals", "Putting up tents", "Fixing up bikes"], ["The writer has to sleep late during the tour.", "The writer doesn't want to get up early.", "The writer always has fruit for breakfast.", "The writer rides faster in the afternoon."], ["enjoys a free and pleasant bike ride", "rides a bike to work every day", "is afraid to meet animals on the road", "is unhappy to ride a bike alone"]], "questions": ["Where does the writer usually have a good sleep?", "From the passage, we know the writer has the following abilities EXCEPT   _  .", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?", "It can be inferred from the passage that the writer   _  ."], "article": "Actually, long-distance bicycle camping is one of the happiest activities I have ever experienced. I generally sleep poorly at night, but in the woods on a tour, I sleep like a baby with the music of insects. In the morning, birds wake me up. I eat a snack before getting up, and then I quickly pack my sleeping bag, tent, and other things and get on the road. Usually I have less speed. Traveling by bike allows me to stop anywhere, such as lakes(especially places to swim), woods, and scenic spots .\nSomewhere near lunch, I find a small drugstore and buy some bread, sandwich materials, and fruit. In the afternoon, my speeds are higher, and I spend less time at stops. In the late afternoon, I start thinking about stopping. I finally find a place in the early evening, cook a simple meal, and rest and cool off. As it starts to get dark, I put up my tent, and fall asleep.\nThere are exciting times and difficult times as well. Visiting strange or famous places are always exciting to me. I meet and talk with interesting people along the way. Enjoying beautiful scenes, meeting wild animals(usually at my camping site), and traveling up and down hills also make me cheerful. On the other hand, I may run into rainy or hot days, have to repair my bike, or just find myself in a bad state. The problems are easily dealt with. The pleasures remain in my mind for years.", "id": "middle5091.txt"}