{"answers": ["C", "D", "A", "C", "B"], "options": [["She replied to a job advertisement.", "She was introduced by her family friend.", "she was recommended by her university professor.", "She met Mr. Keller while studying at university."], ["How intelligent Helen was.", "Helen gave Anne a gift.", "The way Helen's parents treated her.", "How forceful Helen was."], ["allowed her to do as she wished", "gave her too many gifts and sweets.", "did not spend much time with her", "cared little about her education."], ["She was greatly helped by Anne.", "She was the best student in her class.", "She was able to graduate in three years.", "She was the first deaf and blind university graduate."], ["died in their 60s", "were well educated", "came from rich families", "fought for human rights"]], "questions": ["How did Anne come to work at the Kellers' home?", "What surprised Anne most about Helen when they first met?", "According to the passage, Helen's parents  _  .", "Which of the following is NOT true about Helen's university studies?", "According to the passage, both Anne and Helen  _  ."], "article": "On March 3, 1887, the lives of two amazing women were changed forever when Anne Sullivan, a poor university graduate, arrived at the home of the wealthy Keller family to teach their six-year-old daughter Helen. It was a difficult job as Helen was unable to see, hear or speak because of illness.\nAnne had been suggested to the Kellers by her university professor, a close friend of Mr. Keller. Before she arrived, Anne expected her new pupil to be a quiet, weak child. But Helen was nothing like that. When Anne first walked through the Kellers' door, the energetic Helen nearly knocked her over in her hurry to feel Anne's face, clothing and bag.\nHelen was used to visitors bringing her sweets, and angrily tried to force open Anne's case to take her candy. But Anne calmed her down by allowing Helen to play with her watch. So began one of the most successful student-teacher relationships in history.\nAnne Sullivan was only twenty years old when she began teaching Helen. She had to not only teach the child all the usual school subjects, but also control Helen's sometimes wild behaviour. Her well-meaning parents allowed Helen to do as she liked at home. Realizing that such an environment was unsuitable for learning, Anne requested that she and Helen live in a small house nearby.\nAs soon as Helen began learning, it became clear that she was especially intelligent. She quickly learned to read and write, and by the age of ten she could also speak.\nIn 1900, Helen started studying at Radcliffe University, and graduated first in her class in 1904. She was the very first blind and deaf person to get a university degree. How did she do it? Anne Sullivan read all of Helen's books and then signed the information into her hand. Anne remained at Helen's side until her death in 1936. Helen became a world-famous writer, and fought for disabled people's rights until her death on Jun 1, 1968.", "id": "middle5098.txt"}