{"answers": ["D", "B", "C", "B"], "options": [["solve their daily problems", "finish all their work", "make some friends", "relax themselves in their spare time"], ["Because they hate traveling.", "Because they can get exercise from it.", "Because they can find a new place.", "Because it is comfortable and funny."], ["Playing sports.", "Climbing mountains.", "Skating.", "Swimming."], ["Polish culture is colorful.", "We can have many ways of spending our free time.", "A doctor can give you good advice.", "It is no need doing sport activities."]], "questions": ["Polish people have many different hobbies in order to  _  .", "Why do some Polish people like climbing mountains?", "Which of the following sports is NOT mentioned in the passage?", "What can we learn from the passage?"], "article": "How do you spend your spare time? There will be different answers to it .Most people in Poland have their own ways of spending free time. Sometimes they just want to have a rest, but they try to do something more pleasant most of the time. They have many different hobbies, which help them to get away from their everyday problems and spend their free time happily.\nMany Polish people like traveling. They look for new places that they have never been to and add new and exciting experiences to their journey. Some of them like to climb mountains,. others like to go to the sea or a lake to swim, because theses can make them get exercise and are good for their health.\nMany Polish people also like to do sports in their free time. They are usually crazy about football, and football is regarded as the Polish national sport. Many football fans may support a certain team ,so they go to watch every match of the team they support, and they buy many things that have any relation with the team. Watching sport and doing it are both good ways to relax\nIn addition, doctors say that doing sports is very good for the health. Many people in town, especially young men, often go to the gym to attend the exercise classes to keep fit.\nBesides these ways, Polish people have many other ways to spend their free time . And they really enjoy their free time.", "id": "middle5107.txt"}