{"answers": ["D", "B", "C", "B"], "options": [["Young people want to take a break from studying.", "Young people want to be sure about what to study.", "Parents encourage them to be brave and independent.", "Parents encourage them to live a free and wealthy life."], ["experiencing different cultures", "helping protect rainforests in Brazil", "making friends with more people", "enjoying traditional local food"], ["stay with their parents all the time", "make money for their further study", "help change the world for the better", "change the Western mind completely"], ["show different opinions about gap year", "offer readers information about gap year", "discover new ways to take a gap year", "tell young people when to take a gap year"]], "questions": ["Which is NOT a reason for young people to take a gap year?", "Now a gap year volunteer might do something more valuable like  _  .", "By taking a gap year, young people may  _  .", "The purpose of writing this article is to  _  ."], "article": "In Western society, especially in the English-speaking world, the chance for young people to see the other countries and experience life is considered important. Many young people, when they finish school at the age of 18, take a gap year before they go to university.\nParents often want their children to grow up a little and see what the real world is like when they finish school. Although they are worried about their safety, many think that the advantages of independence and experience are worth the worries. Children are encouraged to be brave, independent and to explore the world on their own or with friends.\nYoung people also want to experience freedom and see what life is like on the other side. This other side could be the other side of the world or just the other side of life. For example, if they have a rich life, they may want to see how people in poor areas live.\nA gap year after school is also an important chance for young people to spend time thinking about what they want to do with their lives. A little bit of growing up and experience will help them make their important career decisions, especially when they are unsure about what they want to study.\nAnother reason for going straight after school is to get a break from studying before they start the next few years of university. So anywhere you travel in the world, you will meet young European people exploring the world.\nSo much of the world has been travelled and explored. The young people are now looking for more worthy experiences. Some of them work as volunteers to do something for the country they are visiting. Many gap year volunteers are now spending a few months teaching English in Thailand, helping feed giant pandas in China or building a well  in a village in Africa.\nThese young people's wish to explore the world is an expression of the values of the societies that they are part of. Both discovering the world and making a positive difference in it are important parts of the Western mind.", "id": "middle5128.txt"}