{"answers": ["B", "B", "D"], "options": [["Food", "Travel", "Society", "Business"], ["Salzburg is famous for Anderson, the great writer.", "The movie The Sound of Music was filmed in Austria.", "Local people in Copenhagen like wearing traditional dress.", "Amsterdam has a park which has concerts and dance shows."], ["Bored.", "Brave.", "Lonely.", "Excited."]], "questions": ["The passage is probably taken from the   _   part of a magazine.", "According to the passage, which of the following is true?", "Which of the following words best describes the writer's feeling about the travel?"], "article": "I am off on a trip on my own. Yes ! Alone! I can't wait to get going to Europe to see some cities I really want to visit. It is great because I can choose what I want to do in each city. I am going to travel by train on the Eurorail.\nThe train trip was fast and the views of the countryside were amazing. Now 1 am in Salzburg, Austria. The quiet hills of Austria are a great place to relax. The movie The Sound of  Music was filmed around this area. Mozart, the famous musician, was from here. I listened to some of his classical music.\nThe train ride to Amsterdam was a long one. It gave me time to write some postcards to send back home. Amsterdam is a fun city, full of friendly locals and many tourists. I spent the whole day visiting the art museums here. The museum about the famous Dutch artist Van Gogh is filled with history and beautiful art. I took a boat ride and saw local people in traditional dress. I even got to taste some delicious Dutch cheese.\nCopenhagen, Denmark, is one of the safest places in the world. I spent a busy and nice day at the Tivoli Amusement Park. It is a huge park which even has concerts and dance  shows. Hans Christian Anderson, a famous writer of children's books, was born in this city. I found a lovely bookshop and bought two of his fairy tale books, The Little Mermaid and The Ugly Duckling.\nMy travels alone are done! What an adventure this trip has been! I love it.", "id": "middle5147.txt"}