{"answers": ["B", "D", "A", "D"], "options": [["much worse in his study than she had expected", "a lot better in his study than she had expected", "as well as she had expected in his study", "not well as she had expected in his study"], ["tell everyone how hard he worked", "stay away from others", "watch Disney movies with his family", "share her happiness with others"], ["the writer was once very impolite to her families", "the writer's father felt angry about the school report", "the family were all proud of the writer", "the writer once spent all his time building a wall"], ["Change Myself First", "Praise Me, Dad", "My School Report", "Scores, No. 1 in Life?"]], "questions": ["t's very clear that the writer did  _  .", "After the writer saw the grade, she wanted to run downstairs to  _  .", "We can infer from the passage that  _  .", "Which is the best title for the passage?"], "article": "Hearing the front door open, I ran down to the kitchen and waited. I saw my dad come in, with the white envelope   in his hand. I had waited all day for this, so I reached over him for it as soon as he set foot into the house. Angrily, he threw the envelope on the table and said it was nothing to get excited about, and that it was just a piece of paper. I took it and ran upstairs. I wondered why my dad did not understand how anxious   I was to see my mid-year report card for my first year in middle school. I was really hurt by how he refused to consider all my hard work.\nI saw my class grade: No. 1. I did not believe what I was. I smiled and wanted to run downstairs to tell everyone. Then I remembered what my dad had said--it was nothing to get excited about. I wanted to share my happiness with someone, but felt lonely.\nI realized that I stayed away from my family we used to stay up late watching Disney movies, and my brothers, sisters and I would play tennis in the backyard all the time. I wondered when all that stopped. I just no longer took part in them. I spent all my time on my school work.\nWhile I had been busy with my study, I had also built a wall between me and my family.\nI was only trying to become a person everyone could be proud of. I wanted to go downstairs, say sorry for my rude behavior and for every refused movie and tennis game, and be part of my family again. I knew I had to do something--because without their support, my achievement meant nothing.", "id": "middle5169.txt"}