{"answers": ["A", "D", "B"], "options": [["Old people with Alzheimer's disease", "Students in primary school.", "Old people who are strong and healthy.", "Anyone around the world"], ["They think the GPS-enabled walking shoes are very ugly.", "It is uncomfortable to wear GPS-enabled walking shoes.", "The GPS-enabled walking shoes are suitable for them.", "They don't want their parents to find them easily."], ["People who have Alzheimer's disease can't find the way to their home sometimes.", "The GPS-enabled walking shoes can help us find the old or the children easily.", "The GPS-enabled walking shoes look like the shoes that many old people wear.", "We can see the GPS-enabled walking shoes easily wherever we go around the world."]], "questions": ["Who are the GPS-enabled walking shoes suitable for?", "Why don't some children like to wear GPS-enabled walking shoes ?", "What does this passage mainly talk about?"], "article": "There is good news for old people with Alzheimer's disease  . As we know, people who have Alzheimer's disease may get lost easily. Sometimes they can't find the way to their home. All the family members must be worried about their safety. Now, some has invented GPS-enabled walking shoes. The shoes are very special and useful. They can help people find old people easily, wherever they go.\nThese walking shoes are especially important for people who are in the earliest stages of Alzheimer's disease. According to the research, such old people have the highest danger. Let's see some terrible facts. About 60c/o of patients with Alzheimer's disease get lost for days when they go for a walk. Up to half of those who  are lost and not found within 24 hours can die outside. If old people wear such shoes , you needn't worry about that. These shoes can help their families to find _ easily if they are lost. So you see, the shoes can ensure old people's safety.\nThese walking shoes are equipped with a GPS device   in the heel. The shoes are very comfortable and they look like the shoes that many old people wear.\nThe GPS-enabled walking shoes have a great advantage. Of course, the shoes are suitable for children .Parents can ask them to wear such shoes. Then they can find their children easily. But some children have different ideas. Sometimes, they don't want their parents to know where they are. What will they do? Well... some children say that they will take them off and put them at home.", "id": "middle5171.txt"}