{"answers": ["D", "B", "D", "C", "D"], "options": [["He could not see with his eyes.", "He became a spider.", "He was weaker than before.", "He had spider-like powers."], ["Because he was not good at the jobs.", "Because fighting different kinds of cruel enemies took him a lot of time.", "Because he was too shy to work.", "Because he wanted to get more pay."], ["He was always strict with others.", "He was a lazy man.", "He was cruel to others.", "He was helpful."], ["Spiderman was created by Stan Lee.", "Peter's parents died when he was a child.", "Peter's girl friend loved him because he had super power.", "To make a living, Peter had to sell his own photos."], ["Peter Parker was short of money.", "Peter was shy when he was a child.", "Peter Parker could fly.", "Peter's aunt's name."]], "questions": ["What happened to Peter Parker after he was bitten by the spider?", "Why did Peter Parker keep losing jobs?", "What do you think of Peter Parker ?", "What is WRONG according to the passage?", "Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage?"], "article": "Spiderman is one of the most famous comic book characters. He was created by Stan Lee in 1963 and was first introduced to the world in the page of Marvel comic books.\nSpiderman's story is the story of Peter Parker, a child who lost his parents and lives with his aunt and uncle. Peter is a shy, quiet boy wearing glasses and has few friends. One day, on a high school class trip to a science lab, he was bitten   by a special spider  . Soon Peter realizes he has amazing powers: he is as strong and quick as a spider and also has a type of sixth sense. He no longer needs his glasses and he can use his super power to fly through the city streets! Remembering something his uncle Ben has told him, that \"with great power, there must also come great responsibility  ,\"Peter decides to use his powers to fight enemies who do cruel things to people. And so, Spiderman is born.\nLife is not easy for Peter even though he is a superhero. He is in love with Mary Jane but cannot tell her about his amazing powers. Besides, his best friend Harry hates Spiderman! Peter is also short of money and time. He has to sell photos of Spiderman (himself) to a newspaper and he keeps losing his jobs because he is so busy saving people! Yet he has to fight different kinds of cruel enemies.\n,.", "id": "middle5243.txt"}