{"answers": ["B", "B", "C", "A"], "options": [["solve fewer problems", "choose a good life", "be good family members", "provide hard things"], ["he has to bring out his best", "it can make him more creative", "he will have to work another day", "it is possible for him to live better"], ["become a knowledgeable person", "join the army to become a better person", "make preparations to find a satisfying job", "help young people to choose an interesting job"], ["My Job Choice", "My Favorite Job", "My Comfortable Life", "My Sense of Satisfaction"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, a good job choice probably makes people  _", "The writer considers an enjoyable job most important because  _", "The writer wants to tell us that everyone should  _", "What is the best title for the passage?"], "article": "Making a good job choice is almost as good as choosing a good life. So, choosing a job is one of the most important decisions to make in life.\nFor my job, there are three important things that I will consider:\nThe first one - that I must work in an area I like - is most important to me. Someone once said if you find a job that you enjoy, then you won't have to work another day. I would like to work in an area where I can be more creative. I would like to be the most valuable member there. All this is possible only if I like what I do.\nThe second one is that the area of my work  must lead me to solve some  new  and  hard problems. I would like to stay in the same area for a long time. In order for this to happen, the work must provide enough problems. More than just working to live, I enjoy making a difference and trying my best for the whole progress. I would also like to be well _ for my hard work, so I can lead a comfortable life with this hard-won money. Then I can provide the best for my family.\nThe third important thing is that I would like to work in an area that would help other people. The work in my mind is in fields such as the army, training or management. In such areas, I can help to develop the abilities of others and bring out their best. It would be a most satisfying job to help young people to become the best that they can be. When I become old, I would like to look back with  a great  sense  of  satisfaction  that  thousands  of  people  have  become  better  persons through my work.\nI accept the idea that no one should make a choice of a job suddenly or quickly. He should decide what he wants to be in the long run. Then, he should decide how he works towards it. He should study the proper courses, read the books and speak to knowledgeable  persons in that field before making a job choice. A good choice will most probably lead to a better life.", "id": "middle5253.txt"}