{"answers": ["B", "B", "D", "A"], "options": [["Asia.", "Africa.", "Europe.", "America."], ["About 4,000 years ago.", "About 5,000 years ago.", "About 6,000 years ago.", "About 7,000 years ago."], ["Cats started to move around the world from China.", "Cats get food at night to save energy like wild cats.", "Cats have a little in common with their wild cats.", "Cats were accepted and brought to Europe by Romans."], ["The development of house cats.", "Different cats in different countries.", "The relationship between cats and people.", "The differences between house cats and wild cats."]], "questions": ["Where did the first house cats come from?", "When did cats start to live with people?", "According to the text, which of the following is TRUE?", "What does the text mainly talk about?"], "article": "There is little doubt that house cat first developed naturally from ancient wild cats. The cleverest relative is the America wild cat which still lives in Africa today. This is understandable because the first house cats came from Africa.\nCats first started to live around people in Egypt about 6,000~7,000 years ago. From Egypt, cats started to move around the world. This is about the same time that Egyptians began storing grain in buildings. Scientists used to believe that people _ cats to catch mice and protect the grain. However, cats don't like to be told what to do! Now, scientists believed that cats followed the mice and learned to accept people. Finally, some of the cats began to grow comfortable around people, these were smaller cats that needed protection. As these cats and people got used to each other, then they moved in together. Around 5,000 years ago, cats started to live with people.\nSoon cats were in Greece, then the Middle East and China. They moved along Egyptian business roads keeping away mice and keeping people around them. After the Romans came to Egypt, they also accepted the cats and brought them to Europe. These cat likely bred  with other cats to form the many kinds of house cats we have today.\nCats are relatively recent house animals. House cats still have a lot in common with their wild relatives. Cats sleep a lot to save energy just like wild cats. They will often get food at night as well. House cats are generally peaceful and friendly, but be careful! If a cat feels it is in danger, it will fight back--just like a wild cat.\n.", "id": "middle5255.txt"}