{"answers": ["C", "B", "B", "A"], "options": [["was too old to find a job as a teacher", "wanted to work as a nurse in a hospital", "had never liked being in a teacher's office", "would not get a job until she was at least 45"], ["do not have to work with deaf people", "can work in many types of different places", "may not always find a job in their chosen field", "almost always start their career in a law company"], ["she should sing a song with a fast beat", "she should sign a song for the last lesson", "her teacher sang a very sad song to the class", "she realized that her parents didn't have to pay"], ["A young woman who has found her ideal career.", "A young deaf woman who wants to help the deaf.", "A young woman who wants to be a businesswoman.", "A young woman who wants to write songs for the deaf."]], "questions": ["The only thing the writer knew that she  _  .", "According to the catalogue the writer read, when students finish a sign language course, they  _  .", "The part of the course the writer enjoyed the most was when  _  .", "Which of the following best describes the writer?"], "article": "I was twenty years old, and my parents were looking forward to the day when I would be earning my own living. Unfortunately, I had absolutely no idea what I wanted my future occupation to be. The only thing I did know was that I did not want to spend the next 45 years teaching, being a nurse or sitting in an office. But that was before the postman delivered a catalogue   of courses that were being offered at the local college. As I looked through it, I was attracted by a page that talked about the difficulties faced by deaf people in their everyday lives and how students could help by learning sign language. It went on to say that graduates of the course usually find work in different organizations, such as law companies, the Stock Exchange, insurance companies and banks. Then I saw something that really caught my eye: \"Singer\" are also needed for sporting events, concerts, theatrical performances and, believe it or not, circuses! By the time I got to the bottom of the page, I knew I had found the perfect occupation.\nI enrolled   on the course, which to my parents' great delight was free of charge. The course was brilliant. My favourite part was the final lesson, when our teacher asked us to sign our favourite song. It was really difficult because not only did we have to sign the words, but we also had to find a way of showing whether the song was happy or sad and whether the beat was slow or fast. It was the hardest thing I have ever done--but also the most rewarding.", "id": "middle5262.txt"}