{"answers": ["A", "B"], "options": [["the Internet of things will appear in our daily life sooner", "Samsung has produced the Internet of things recently", "Samsung products have been part of the Internet of things", "he spent a lot of time talking about the Internet of things"], ["Companies which produce connected-home devices haven't joined together.", "Connected-home devices may not work together and can easily get hacked.", "Companies have difficulty connecting security system to the Internet.'", "These new devices are produced by different companies."]], "questions": ["The Samsung CEO's speech is mentioned to prove that  _  .", "What's the problem about the Internet of things?"], "article": "Is your TV connected to the Internet? What about your chair or your fridge? It is possible that they are not. But in the future, most things in your home may be connected, as the so-called \"Internet of things\" is developing.\nThe Internet of things may be coming sooner than you think. It is reported that during his speech earlier this year, Samsung CEO BK Yoon spent a lot of time talking about the Internet of things. He said that five years from now,every Samsung product will be part of the Internet of things, whether it's a washing machine or a vacuum cleaner .\nSo, how do household objects that are part of Internet of things work? Well, think of a usual chair. When connected to the Internet, the chair warms up when it knows that the user has just walked into the room and is feeling cold.\nAn Internet-connected camera, like a smart-home camera, could help people feel safer in their homes. It can recognize people's faces, and even can see when someone passes by in the dark. Then it can send you a message on your smartphone to let you know who's there. If the person is someone you don't know, it can tell you that, too.\nBut according to MIT Technology Review, whether companies are connecting dog food bowls or security systems to the Internet, there may be problems. For example,many early connected-home devices don't have much built-in security, which means they could be hacked ,In addition, it could be difficult to get these devices to work together because they are made by different companies. To fight this, many companies have joined the Open Interconnect Consortium, which had 45 members by late 2014.\nSo, picture this: you walk in through the front door of your home. The temperature changes to make you feel comfortable after a long day at school. Your favorite music starts playing for you. Do you think that this would be a good thing? It may happen sooner than you think.", "id": "middle5275.txt"}