{"answers": ["B", "A", "D", "C"], "options": [["Family of Monarch butterflies", "Mystery of Monarch butterflies", "Monarch butterflies' birthplace", "Monarch butterflies' winter home"], ["20 years", "four months", "five weeks", "eight months"], ["first", "second", "third", "fourth"], ["Monarch butterflies spend winter in eastern Canada.", "The four generations have the same length of life.", "Some generations die on the way north to Canada.", "Scientists are clear about everything of the butterflies"]], "questions": ["The best title of the passage can be   _  .", "It took the scientist   _   to find out that monarch butterflies came from Canada.", "We know that the   _   generation of Monarch butterflies travel back to central Mexico.", "Which statement is true according to the text?"], "article": "Monarch butterflies from eastern Canada make the most amazing journey in the insect world. Each year, this butterfly travels about 3000miles to its winter home in central Mexico . How can it fly so far? And why does it make this long and dangerous trip? Scientists still don't have an answer.\nFor many years, people in Mexico wondered where the orange-and-black butterflies came from every winter. Then, in 1937, a scientist started to follow and study the butterflies. For the next 20 years, he discovered that one butterfly started its journey in Canada. Four months later, it arrived in Mexico.\nThe length of the butterflies find their way back to the same place? Another amazing thing is that the butterflies always return to the same area in central Mexico.\nHow do the butterflies find their way back to the same place? This is an interesting question because only every fourth generation makes the trip south. In other words, the butterfly that travels to Mexico this year is the great-great-grandchild of the butterfly that traveled there last year.\nEach year, four generations of a Monarch butterfly family are born. Each generation of the family has a very different life. The first generation is born in the south in late April. It slowly moves north, reproduces , and then dies. On the trip north,two more generations are born, reproduce, and die. Each of these generations of butterflies is born. This generation has a much longer life. It lives for about eight months. This generation of butterflies makes the amazing journey back to the winter home of its great-great-grandparents. The butterflies spend the winter there, and in the spring they reproduce and then die. Their offspring will be the first generation of the next circle of life.\nToday, people are still studying the Monarch butterfly. But they are not clear about everything.", "id": "middle5277.txt"}