{"answers": ["B", "D", "B", "B"], "options": [["America", "France", "Britain", "Germany"], ["It has a long history.", "It comes from Europe.", "It is sung by cowboys.", "It is easy to understand."], ["Early immigrants lived a very simple life.", "Many country music singers are not well-educated.", "Cowboys usually played country western music on holidays.", "In the west of America , cowboys added instruments from their homes"], ["Americans Love American Country Music.", "The History of American Country Music.", "Singers and Fans of American Country Music", "All Kinds of American Music, Yesterday and Today."]], "questions": ["Country western music comes from the folk songs of immigrants from   _", "According to the passage, people like American country music because   _  .", "Which of these is mentioned in the passage ?", "The best title  for the passage is   _  ."], "article": "American country music is also known as   country western music .It has a very long history . It comes from the folk songs of immigrants  from Britain.\nCountry music users simple music and words to express everyday feelings such as loneliness, love , and sadness . That is to say , country music describes life . It talks about friends and  enemies , trucks and roads , farm and crops.. People in many parts of the world like country music, because everyone can understand what the music is about .\nCountry western music became popular first among cowboys  in the American west countryside . Cowboys had to take care of cows day and night. When they were alone with the cows, they often sang beautiful and peaceful songs to _ and to overcome their own fear .They were not well-educated and so they sang about their daily life in very simple words .They played guitars, violins. and other instruments. In the south of America ,  many people added instruments from their homes , like bottles and spoons, When cowboys visited their friends and families on holidays like Thanksgiving , they usually sang and played country western music .\nIn recent years ,many musicians have made country western music a little different from the one in the past.These changes make the songs sound even better.Today singers such as Carth Brooks.Reba McEntire. Emmylou Harris. Lyle Lovett,Eddie Rabbitt, LeAnn Rimes,Randy Travis and a group called Alabama are singing and playing in different styles.They have brought country western music more and more fans from all over the wold.\n,.", "id": "middle5315.txt"}