{"answers": ["B", "D", "A"], "options": [["she was driving a second-hand car", "a traffic accident might happen to her", "a single man was chasing her down", "she drove faster than any other car"], ["Because she found something wrong.", "Because she thought the road not safe.", "Because the writer shouted at her.", "Because the writer gave her some signs."], ["Trusting in the Kindness of Strangers", "A Wobbly Wheel of a Car", "A Lady Who Was Saved", "Accident That Didn' t Happen"]], "questions": ["The writer worried about the lady because  _  .", "Why did the lady pull over on the side road ?", "What would be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "One day while driving from my home to work. I noticed a car in front of me had a wobbly wheel. It was clear that the wheel had been changed recently and had not been fixed correctly. On a slow road this would not show much of a problem but I knew a highway was coming soon. There the traffic would move much faster and the driver would be in danger as the wheel could come off at that speed.\nI was driving a large jeep at the time and the car in front was a small one driven by a young lady on her own. So as I tried to flash my lights and wave her to pull over,  I was worried that she wouldn' t pull over on the road side when she found in her mirror a single man chasing  her down in a jeep and waving for her to pull over.\nThankfully. she trusted more in the good nature of people and pulled over where I could explain the problem. She said the wheel was changed only the night before and that she would pull into the nearest garage where the repairman had tools to fix the wheel correctly.\nMy belief is that the act of kindness was hers and not mine. How so? Well,  it was she who chose to believe in the possibility that people are good over the belief that bad things would come from being waved over to the side of the road by strangers.\nI am glad I was able to wave her down in time and so a serious accident might have been avoided. But I am even happier that she believed in a stranger.", "id": "middle5321.txt"}