{"answers": ["C", "B", "D"], "options": [["Because they are unpaid.", "Because they have official work.", "Because they are role models for other women in the US.", "Because they are more important than other women in the US."], ["Peng Liyuan is as charming as Jacqueline Kennedy.", "Peng Liyuan wrote military songs from the age of 18.", "The writer thinks Peng Liyuan is the most suitable first first lady.", "Peng Liyuan is famous not only for her voice and great achievements, but also for her charity work."], ["Jacqueline Kennedy", "First ladies in the US.", "First Ladies in China", "Peng Liyuan, the perfect first lady to begin with."]], "questions": ["Why are first ladies important in the US?", "Which is NOT right according to the passage?", "Which may be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "Why are first ladies so important in the United States? They are unpaid and have no official work? There are several reasons, but the most important reason is that they are role models for other women in the United States.\nJacqueline Kennedy was the best first lady in the US. Although she wasn't an actress, model or singer, she was a fashion and cultural icon  who charmed people wherever she went.\nIf you are looking for someone who is as charming as Jacqueline Kennedy, it will be hard to find anyone more suitable than Peng Liyuan, wife of Chinese President Xi Jinping. If you were writing a novel and trying to describe the perfect mixture of personal history, capabilities, confident lady for a character, you'd come up with someone like Peng.\nBorn into a family in Shandong province, she joined the People's Liberation Army  at the age of 18, doing pretty well in singing military  songs. But she is not only famous for her voice and great achievements, but also for her charity efforts. She has, among other things, worked as a member of World Health Organization to fight against AIDS, and has done much for 2008 Sichuan earthquake.\nThe media  reported Peng's trip with her husband. This was Xi's first foreign trip as president. The trip shows that she can be a role model for Chinese women, especially young Chinese women at home and abroad.\nIn the past, China has not had a tradition of first ladies like in the US. Now that China has a higher position on the world stage, it can have its first first lady! And Peng Liyuan is the perfect person with whom to begin.", "id": "middle5402.txt"}