{"answers": ["B", "A", "C"], "options": [["Have classes at school and use online tools at home.", "Have classes at school, take notes and do homework.", "Learn through digital ways and have classes in the classroom.", "Have classes, take notes and do homework at school."], ["You can't communicate with your classmates or teachers.", "You have to use both computers and smartphones.", "You can't decide what you want to learn by yourself.", "It's impossible to learn from the newest resources."], ["Try to take a rest for 20 minutes when watching the screen.", "Try to use traditional ways to learn as often as possible.", "Try to take a break every twenty minutes if possible.", "Try to learn through digital ways less than 2 hours a day."]], "questions": ["How do students usually study everyday according to the story?", "What is the problem of digital learning?", "How can you protect your eyes when learning in digital ways?"], "article": "How do you study each day? You may answer it in one second: have classes at school, take notes and do homework. Feeling a little bored? There are other ways that can make learning interesting and varied. It's called digital learning.\nDigital learning is a way to help students learn by using the Internet. There are three important kinds of digital learning. Apps are computer software applications  . People can download them on their mobiles. The other two kinds are social networking services, including weibo and WeChat and websites. Every one of them is like your teacher. They help you _ what you learn at school.\nCompared with traditional learning ways, digital learning has its advantages. Digital learning is also varied. It covers almost every school subject. More importantly, it always offers students the newest resources   to learn from.\nDigital learning is also personalized. You can choose what you like to learn. If you don't master what you have learned at school, you can learn again through digital ways.\nHowever, digital learning also has disadvantages. When you use digital ways to learn, you've got little chance of talking with teachers and classmates. As digital learning uses computers or smartphones, watching the screen too long may be bad for your eyes. It is better to take a rest every 20 minutes.", "id": "middle5412.txt"}