{"answers": ["D", "D", "C"], "options": [["improving", "lost", "getting worse", "hurt"], ["the human body", "a kissing muscle", "orbicularis", "circles"], ["Sara knows little about engineering.", "Sara thinks Spanish is useful but not easy to learn.", "Grandma probably doesn't like reading books very much.", "The subjects Sara learns are different from the ones her grandma did."]], "questions": ["From the letter we can know that Grandma's leg was   _  .", "The writer has learnt a lot except   _   since she began to study biology.", "Which of the following is Not True according to the passage?"], "article": "Dear Grandma,\nHow are you? I hope you are feeling well and your leg is improving. Can you walk a bit now? Is your neighbour, Mrs Lu, bringing you enough books to read? I hope so. You'd love our school library, Grandma. There are so many books on all kinds of subjects. The other day I found a book about engineering. I couldn't really understand it but I hope to learn more about this topic sometime. This term I have three new subject classes, so I think I'll tell you about them.\nI study biology. It is a very interesting subject. I'm learning all about the human body, where everything is and what it does. Did you know that we have a kissing muscle? It's called 'orbicularis' and it's a circle muscle that closes your mouth and moves your lips forward. I love biology. It's so interesting! Another new subject is religion  . I didn't think I would like this one, but actually it is very interesting to hear how different people worship  . We are learning about lots of religions from all over the world, not only Asia. My other new subject is Spanish. It's really difficult to learn a new language but I know it will be useful for me in the future, if I want to travel around the world. Spanish is one of the official languages of the European Union and the United Nations. I've learnt that Spanish is not only spoken in Europe but in South America too. Countries like Peru, Bolivia, Chile, and Mexico also speak Spanish. You know I've always wanted to go to Mexico, so if I can speak Spanish it would be really useful.\nDid you study these subjects when you were at school? I suppose subject choice changes over time, doesn't it? I'll come to visit you again in the next holiday, which I think is in eight weeks' time. I'll bring you some of my new books if you like. I hope you can write back soon and tell me all the village news. I miss you very much.\nLots of love,\nSara", "id": "middle5449.txt"}