{"answers": ["B", "A", "D", "C"], "options": [["The writer's parents had both died before he was50.", "Life is limited but love is forever.", "The writer regretted that he had no more time to stay with his parents.", "The writer felt sad because he couldn't stay with his dad any more."], ["the writer's dad died a year ago", "the writer's dad died ten years ago", "the writer's dad still lived with him", "the writer's dad lived with his daughter"], ["missing", "regrets", "love", "gratefulness"], ["The writer asked many questions.", "The writer didn't give his dad any hugs.", "The writer told his dad he loved him sometimes but not very often.", "The writer visited his dad very often."]], "questions": ["What is the main idea of this passage?", "According to the passage, we know that  _  .", "In this passage the writer expressed his following emotions to his parents EXCEPT  _  .", "According to the passage, which of the following is TRUE?"], "article": "In the days following the first anniversary  of my dad 's death, I felt sad. I still missed him so much. I would walk over to his old house where my daughter now live and still expect to see him sitting out on his front porch . I would see him in my dreams, looking young and strong again.\nI felt bad too because I regretted not spending more time with him while he was here. I wished I had visited him more, talked with him more, and listened to him more. I wished I had asked the questions that I never did. I wished I had given him more hugs and told him I loved him more often. I wished I had cherished the time I had with him here. I was angry at the destiny  because Dad and Mum had both passed away before I was 50, and I was angry with myself because I hadn't made the most of time I had with them.\nToday, I found myself walking under a cloudy sky, staring at the leafless trees. As I walked along, one of the last golden maple leaves fell from its tree and sailed in the wind until it landed in front of me. I picked it up and smiled. At the moment of peace I felt a sound in my heart and mind: \"death is momentary , but love is eternal .\" I knew at that moment that my relationships with Mum and Dad were not over. We would see each other again in a place of love, joy and light. We would spend our days in learning, laughter and love.", "id": "middle5460.txt"}