{"answers": ["B", "C", "B"], "options": [["4", "5", "6", "3"], ["Everything.", "A radio.", "Just study material.", "A book."], ["We should set enough time for entertainment when we plan our week.", "We don't have to find a good place to study.", "It's helpful to take notes in class because it makes us remember what the teacher says.", "We never give up our study although we don't pass a test."]], "questions": ["How many ways of becoming a good student are mentioned in the passage?", "What should you keep on your desk in order to concentrate on your subjects?", "Which following statement is NOT TRUE according to the passage?"], "article": "Maybe you are an average   student. You probably think you will never be a top student. This is not necessarily so. Anyone can become a good student if he or she wants to. Here's how you can be a good student.\nPlan your time carefully. When planning your week, you should make a list of things that you have to do. After making this list, you should make a plan of your time. First, your time for eating, sleeping, dressing... Then decide a good, regular   time for studying. Don't forget to set enough time for entertainment. A weekly plan may not work out all your problems, but it will push you to realize what is happening to your time.\nFind a good place to study. Look around the house for a good study place. Keep this space which may be a desk or simply a corner of your room, free of everything but study materials. No game, radio, or TV! When you sit down to study, concentrate on   your subjects.\nMake good use of your time. Listen to everything the teacher says. Listening carefully in class means less work later. Taking notes will help you remember what the teacher says.\nStudy regularly. When you get home from school, go over your notes. Review the important points that your teacher has mentioned in class. If you know what your teacher is going to discuss the next day, read that material. This will help you understand the next class. If you do these things regularly, the material will become more meaningful, and you will remember it longer.\nDevelop a good attitude to tests. The purpose of a test is to show what you have learned about a subject. It helps you remember your new knowledge. The world won't end if you don't pass a test, so don't be worried.\nThere are other ideas that might help you with your study. You will probably find many others after you have tried these.", "id": "middle5464.txt"}