{"answers": ["D", "B", "A", "C", "D"], "options": [["he's very lucky", "he speaks very good English", "he's good at speaking Chinese", "he is good at communicating with others"], ["Sad", "Happy.", "Worried", "Lonely."], ["Mr. King", "Mrs. King", "The writer", "The writer's wife"], ["How the King family came to Canada.", "How old Mr. and Mrs. King's son was.", "Why the King family moved to Canada.", "Why the writer feels bad when he is with Mr. King."], ["Mr. King is not clever at all.", "The writer has never been to China before.", "Both the writer and Mr. King are quite young.", "The two families live a little far away from each other now."]], "questions": ["The writer doesn't have any trouble in travelling around the world possibly because   _  .", "How did the two families feel on the first two days?", "Who can't speak English in this passage?", "Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage?", "What can we infer from the passage?"], "article": "I have been very lucky to make many trips to China. Though I have had some trouble with the language, I have never had a problem I couldn't solve. As a native English speaker ,I can go almost everywhere in the world and find someone to communicate with. I never thought that someone who speaks only Chinese would have a lot of trouble in my country.\nRecently, the King family that I had met in China moved to Canada. I met them at the airport. My wife and I made meals for them and showed them around where we live. Everything seemed to go smoothly for the first two days as we looked for a car for them, showed them the way to different stores and the nearest city, Victoria. Mr. and Mrs King had a two-year-old son and soon we became Nainai (grandmother) and Yeye (grandfather). We were having a good time but we didn't realize Mr. King can't speak English.\nLuckily, Mrs. King can speak very good English. Many people with Chinese background live near us. In fact, none of them speak Chinese. Mr. King can't even buy a mobile phone without his wife's help. He can't talk to me, of course. By the third day, he felt lonely and worried. And on the fourth day, we decided to take them to a large Chinese community.\nNow, we often visit them and they visit us too. Sometimes Mrs. King would still like to live near us but Mr. King cannot. I feel bad because he seems very nice and smart but I can't talk with him. It seems that neither of us will learn the other's language because of our ages, maybe we will never have a friendly conversation. But we will think of each other as friends.", "id": "middle5494.txt"}