{"answers": ["B", "D", "C"], "options": [["The writer's father was in the hospital during her operation.", "The writer's father attended her high school graduation ceremony.", "The writer's father sometimes picked her up when she was in primary school", "The writer's father went to parent-teacher meeting when she was in primary school."], ["she gave a speech successfully", "the graduation ceremony was over", "she was so nervous that she couldn't help crying", "she was touched to find her father cared about her"], ["My busy father", "Life is full of love", "Seeing is not believing", "A wonderful speech"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?", "The writer rushed to her father with tears running down her face mainly because  _  .", "What's the best title of the passage?"], "article": "It is believed in some ways that the daughter is father's lover. But my experience has taught me in a different way. For a long time, my father has been a very vague figure to me. He was a man of few words, tall but slim and nothing else.\nWhen I was in primary school, my father was never there to pick me up, and he never came to any of my parent-teacher meetings. He was always busy doing projects. I remember when I was in middle school and my head was badly hurt in a PE class. During my operation, my father was nowhere to be found. This hurt me most. At that moment, I considered my father as a cold-blooded man who did not care about me at all.\nBut things seemed different at my high school graduation ceremony, where I was chosen to represent my class and give a speech. My father, once again, told me he had a business trip in a place outside the city and would be unable to show up . \"Don't come. I will be very nervous if I see you,\" I told him.\nI remember my speech went smoothly. After the ceremony was over and I was about to leave. I suddenly noticed a familiar looking man sitting in a corner of the hall. It was my father! I was so surprised that I rushed to him with tears running down my face. \"Well done,\" he said. His eyes were also filled with tears.\nLater, I found out that my father had managed to finish his work by staying up late, and he drove for eight hours to get back. He had been sitting in the corner because he didn't want me to see him. My father remembered every word in my speech.\nFor much of my life, I described my father was a cold-blooded man who only cared about his work. But when I thought deeply about _ , it was obviously not true. At my graduation ceremony. I could feel my father's deep love. The fact is that seeing is not believing, and seeing may not be the fact if we don't perceive the world with our hearts and minds. There's no doubt that life doesn't lack love, but sometimes our eyes have trouble seeing it.", "id": "middle5496.txt"}