{"answers": ["A", "B", "D", "A"], "options": [["Something even without legs.", "Something not popular among people.", "A person who is neutral.", "A person who cares about nothing."], ["They welcome snakes as their best friends.", "They would rather see a mouse than a snake.", "They wonder why snakes can cause great fear.", "They learn about snakes and watch them carefully."], ["they cause many people's death", "they control the population of mice", "they are not dangerous to people", "they are only a small number"], ["are able to put aside differences", "think all the snakes are poisonous", "are able to deal with poisonous snakes", "take part in the poison argument"]], "questions": ["How does the writer describe the appearance of snakes?", "Which of the following shows that most people dislike snakes?", "Although some snakes are poisonous,   _  .", "People who really like snakes are open-mindedbecause they   _  ."], "article": "I think it is safe to say that snakes are not popular among most people. It would be hard to find a person who is neutral  ,or simply doesn't care one way or the other. What I wonder is why something even without legs causes such great fear.\nSnakes are quite useful, but that doesn't seem to matter. Snakes help control the population of mice. Without snakes, perhaps we would find mice everywhere. Most of us, however, would rather see a mouse than a snake.\nThe poison argument   is a strong one. Some snakes are poisonous, and this causes people's death. However, the poisonous snakes are only a small number. We can't say all the snakes are bad just because of a few dangerous ones.\nAnd what do we do with the people who really like snakes? They like snakes even more strongly than we dislike them. These people learn about them, find them out, and watch them carefully. Why? The only reason I can think of is that these people are open-minded. They are able to put aside differences and welcome the snake as a friend.\nWhatever the reason for our like or dislike, snakes do something good in the circle of life. They would prefer to be left alone, and that is what we should do. If you're lucky, you might not run across more than a few of them in a lifetime. That would be fine with most of us.", "id": "middle5500.txt"}