{"answers": ["B", "B", "D", "C"], "options": [["About six hours a day.", "About six hours a week.", "About six hours a month", "About six hours a year"], ["they are at work again", "they are school students again", "they are teachers of their kids.", "they are not as good as their kids."], ["Their kids don't finish homework on time.", "Their kids don't like to do their homework.", "Their kids don't work out the correct answers.", "Their kids don't agree with them on the answers."], ["Ask kids to finish everything at school.", "Review everything they learn at school.", "Look for professional help for their kids.", "Leave the kids alone with their homework.."]], "questions": ["How long do the kids spend doing homework?", "When they are helping their kids, most parents feel   _   .", "Why do some parents argue with their kids?", "What's Katy Smith's advice for the parents?"], "article": "According to a recent report, kids in primary school spend about six hours every week doing their homework.. So kids hate homework. However, their parents hate homework, too.\nIs it good for kids to do homework? Of course, a great number of researches do show that kids can remember what they have learnt in class better by finishing their homework on time and homework itself plays an important role in developing their learning shills, such as independent thinking and creativity.\nBut for parents, the result is not the same. After a day of hard work, most of them feel like they're going through school a second time when they sit down with their children each night to help with their homework. And a recent survey found that 46 percent of parents feel like they don't spend enough quality time with their children, because they spend too much time doing the housework or helping with homework. And another 29 percent of parents have arguments with their kids often when they have different answers to the same question.\nNow several education scientists strongly advise parents to stop helping. They say it will give their kids more independence and give parents back their free time. At the same time, the number of homework - connected arguments will be less at home. Katy Smith, an education scientist, says, \" You don't have to know everything. Children need to put their hands up for help and so do parents. Use your resources - online teachers, or even your neighborhood - just ask.\"", "id": "middle5509.txt"}