{"answers": ["D", "C"], "options": [["Elizabeth and Darcy fall in love at first sight.", "Elizabeth has a better family background than Darcy.", "Darcy has a first good impression of Elizabeth's family.", "Elizabeth and Darcy become a romantic couple in the end."], ["opposites can attract each other", "lovers should improve each other.", "Austen's works go beyond her times", "Austen married a perfect man at last"]], "questions": ["Which of the following sentences is True?", "From what Jenkyns says,we can learn   _  ."], "article": "Jane Austen(1775-1817),an English novelist, started writing young and completed six novels in her life. Today Austen's books are more popular than ever. In the last 10 years, five of her six novels have been made into Hollywood films, while her books continue to be best-sellers.\nRichard Jenkyns, a professor of English at Oxford University, says that her novels are about marriage, friendships and the family, which are still with us today. \"The stories are timeless,\"Jenkyns said.\nPride and Prejudice (1813) is Austen's most famous work. It is a love story about Elizabeth Bennet and Mr. Darcy. At first, these two dislike each other. Elizabeth is pretty ,smart and lively. She is proud because Darcy doesn't know about her family.  Mr. Darcy is handsome, rich and has a better family background. So, he is proud as well. At the same time, Darcy holds a prejudice against the Bennet family. He has no understanding of why the family, especially its mother and daughters should try so hard to find wealthy and powerful husbands. He thinks they are _ Anyway, Elizabeth and Darcy finally fall in love and become a romantic couple but their families don't want them to.\nIn Pride and Prejudice, some of the main things that Jane Austen wants to teach people are as follows.  Opposites can attract each other. Lovers should not ony make each other feel relaxed or comfortable, but also educate and improve each other.\nAusten is often called the greatest romanti writer, so it is surprising she remained unmarried. 'Maybe she was too romantic, waiting for the perfect man,\" Jenkyns says.", "id": "middle5517.txt"}