{"answers": ["C", "B", "B"], "options": [["the factory owners of China", "the business men and women", "the migrant workers of China", "the people in Chinese cities"], ["They should be helped by us.", "More than 1.4 billion migrant workers have been in cities.", "They are not welcomed by the people in cities.", "They are refused to give medical care by the governments."], ["Though migrant workers work hard, their condition is bad.", "The condition of the migrant workers needs to be changed.", "The people in cities aren't polite to the migrant workers.", "China's development only depends on the migrant workers."]], "questions": ["The writer thinks   _   are building the new China.", "Which one is WRONG about China's migrant workers?", "What does the report mainly tell us?"], "article": "We can see them every day, on every street corner, on every construction site   in cities. They work day and night in the terrible working conditions and weather. They build the roads, the theaters, the cinemas, and the supermarkets. They're China's _ .\nMore than 140 million workers have left their homes to look for job in cities. They hope to be rich, but they realize they have many problems making money. And one of the problems is the pride and discrimination   from the people in cities.\nWhen night falls, I can see the sad faces of the migrant workers everywhere. You can see them playing cards along the streets. Many are living far away from where they are.\nI can sometimes feel their pain, knowing exactly what it feels like to live so far away from home in a city where I walk a different walk and talk a different talk.\nYes, they dress differently and speak differently. Different habits, but they work hard. The people in cities regard them as outsiders, and most governments refuse to give them medical care and public schooling for their children.\nSo many things need to be changed. The first is discrimination! They may not make as much money as some people in cities, they may not have everything we have, but they are honest. They are very important and necessary to China's economic development and have become an important force for the change of Chinese society. They're building the new China. So we should help them with our hands.", "id": "middle5588.txt"}