{"answers": ["D", "C", "C", "A", "D"], "options": [["Fast food consumers", "Kinds of fast food", "Fast food prizes", "Fast food chains"], ["a long counter", "a list of the items they sell", "some students in front of the counter", "a straw machine"], ["use knives and forks to eat.", "ask the waiter to give you the menu", "carry the food on a tray to the table", "sit at the table and wait for the food"], ["similar", "expensive", "untidy", "quite"], ["Fast food is not delicious.", "People usually finish their meal quickly.", "Fast food is a popular way of eating.", "Time is limited for those who eat in the car."]], "questions": ["_  are increasing quickly all over the world.", "You can find these things in these restaurant EXCEPT", "When you go to these fast food restaurants, you should", "According to the passage, these fast food restaurants are usually quite", "What can we know from the last sentence?"], "article": "There are more and more fast food chains all over the world now. Most of these places work on a similar principle .There is a long counter ,above which hangs a list(often with pictures)of the items they sell,and behind which several people (often students working for the lowest pay) are working. Buyers form queues in front of each assistant. You receive what you order and take it on a tray to a table. If you can't see any knives and forks, this means you should eat with your hands. If you can't see any straws  ,that's because they are hiding in the straw machine and you have to press the button to get a straw. When you have finished, you yourself throw away everything except the tray. It seems that you should do almost everything while you are having food in this kind of restaurant.\nMany fast food places have drive-in facilities You place your order from your car through a microphone and then drive to a special window to pay and pick it up. You may even find places where a waitress brings your meal out, and you sit and eat it in the car from a tray hooked over the door through the open window. What do you think about this king of food-serving? Everything happens in seconds as well as your lunch or supper. You have no time to enjoy your meal because you are eating fast food.", "id": "middle5648.txt"}