{"answers": ["B", "A", "B"], "options": [["a mobile phone company from France", "a charity group from France", "a mobile phone company from Thailand", "a charity group from Thailand"], ["In one day.", "In two days.", "In three days.", "In four days."], ["TSF has a history of over 20 years.", "Most TSF workers are volunteers.", "TSF provides services for local people only.", "TSF had opened 4 bases all over the world by 2004."]], "questions": ["Telecoms Sans Frontiers is   _  .", "How soon can TSF send workers to a disaster area?", "Which of the following is TRUE?"], "article": "When trouble comes, what do we usually do? We pick up our mobile phones and call for help. That's easy, right? But in an emergency, many people are unable to call for help. Floods and earthquakes come suddenly. Wars can hurt or kill. Successful communication can sometimes mean the difference between life and death.\nMeet French NGO Telecoms Sans Frontiers (Telecommunications Without Borders  ). Its goal is to use mobile communication technology   to help people in need. TSF began in 1998. First, they opened their main base   in France. Then in 2003, they started another base in Nicaragua. The next year they opened their Thailand base. Now if a disaster hits anywhere in the world, TSF is ready. They can send workers to a disaster area to set up communication systems within 24 hours.\nOnce TSF arrives at a disaster area, they set up telephone connections  and Internet service. They share these services with other international helpers on the scene such as the UN or UNICEF. Mobile communication helps other volunteers do their jobs better.\nTSF also offers three-minute phone calls to local people who need to contact their loved ones. These communications can allow people to get together again after being separated  . Often the callers are moved to tears after speaking to a relative found to be still alive. Then the families can decide on a safe course of action for their family members.\nSince 1998, TSF has helped thousands of people in many countries. Most of the TSF workers does not get paid with money, but the satisfaction of helping others and changing lives is often a great reward.", "id": "middle5660.txt"}