{"answers": ["D"], "options": [["Supermarkets should recycle first.", "Packaging causes serious problems.", "Needless things are mostly recycled.", "Recycling should be done in the first place."]], "questions": ["What does the passage mainly talk about?"], "article": "Ask someone what they have done to help the environment recently and they will almost mention recycling, which is the process   of treating used things, such as paper or steel so that they can be used again. Recycling in the home is very important of course. However, being forced to recycle often means we already have more things than we need. We are now dealing with the results of that _ in the possible greenest way, but it would be far better if we did not bring so many things home in the first place.\nHere is an example. In the UK, the total of packaging increased by 12% between 1999 and 2005. It now makes up a third of a household's waste. In many supermarkets, foods are packaged twice with plastic and cardboard.\nToo much packaging causes serious environmental problems. The UK is running out of different kinds of ways for dealing with this unnecessary waste. If such packaging is burnt, it gives off greenhouse gases which go on to cause the greenhouse effect  . Recycling helps, but the process itself uses energy. The best way of avoiding this problem is to stop producing such unnecessary things in the first place. Food waste is another serious problem, too. Too many supermarkets encourage customers   to buy more than they need. They seldom encourage customers to reuse their plastic bags, for example. However, a few of them are coming round to the idea that this cannot continue.\nBut this is not just about supermarkets. It is about all of us. We have learned to connect packaging with quality  . We have learned to think that something unpackaged is of poor quality. Is it true for all the products? In fact, more and more companies realized the importance of protecting the environment. They try to package what really should be packaged, including products in good quality.\nAs more of us recycle, we are beginning to realize how many unnecessary things are being collected. We need to face the waste of our daily life. Although many people have taken action to recycle, we have a high mountain to climb.", "id": "middle567.txt"}