{"answers": ["D", "A"], "options": [["Parents will have to learn some e-mail English.", "E-mail English will develop our everyday writing.", "E-mail English can't be used among schoolmates.", "E-mail English shouldn't be used in school writing."], ["E-mail English on Computer.", "American E-mail English.", "The Forms of E-mail English.", "The Changing of English."]], "questions": ["What do teachers insist according to the passage?", "What's the title for this passage?"], "article": "Do you speak English? Do you speak e-mail English? Maybe you don't. E-mail English is a new kind of English that many people use to save time. A lot of e-mail English words come from a computer program called QQ, which means I seek you. Ian Lancashire, a Canadian teacher, likes QQ, \"People can use QQ to talk with each other using computer. But, you have to be able to type quickly or the other person will be bored. So e-mail English can give some help.\"\nA message in e-mail English mostly uses two kinds of new words. The first kind is made up of the first letters of the words. These are called acronyms. The second kind is homophones,letter combination , symbols that sound like other words.\nAcronyms in an e-mail save space and time. It takes a long time to writeby the way. BTW is much faster. Other acronyms are F2F which stands forface to face, CSL forcan't stop laughingand DBEYR fordon't believe everything you read!Some of the acronyms look like strange words, such as SWAK. But this one meanssealed  with a kiss.\nHomophones often use letters and numbers that sound like words or parts of words. For example, 8 sound like--eatingreat, to save time, people write gr8. Another example is CU forsee youor sometimes CU l8r (see you later)\nThe number 2 is used fortoortoo and the number 4 is used instead offor.\nAnother part of e-mail is emotive symbols  which make faces when you look at them sideways. The most common emotive, is the happy face :). A comma   is often used to help add other parts of the face and show different expressions.\nE-mail English is fun. An e-mail message with lots of e-mail English starts to look like secret code . Your best friend will probably understand it, but your parents and teachers may not. In fact, many teachers don't like e-mail English. It's not just because they can't _ what it means. It's because students start to use e-mail English in their everyday writing. E-mail English is great for writing quickly. But most teachers say that e-mail English should only be used in e-mails to one's friends.", "id": "middle569.txt"}