{"answers": ["C", "B", "C"], "options": [["Young people all think street art is very beautiful new culture.", "Swoon enjoys working indoors and the people in New York like her works.", "In the 1960s, in New York, young people wanted to say no to the rules through graffiti art.", "\"TAG\" was a word created by people to tell the differences between street artists and the other artists."], ["they enjoy travelling around the city", "they want to express their feelings freely", "they enjoy learning different cultures", "they want to let more people know them"], ["street art is good for the environment", "street art is developed in the museum", "street art is drawing more attention", "all people are interested in street art"]], "questions": ["Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage?", "According to the writer, the artists love street art because  _  .", "We can learn from the passage that  _  ."], "article": "Street art can be found on buildings, street signs and even dustbins from Tokyo to Paris to New York City. This special kind of art can take the form of paintings, sculptures, cloth or even stickers. Street art has become part of a culture which can be seen around the world. Now, even art museums and galleries  are collecting the works of street artists.\nPeople have different thoughts about street art. Some think street art is bad, but others see this art as a rich form of non-traditional cultural expression. Street art began in New York City in the 1960s. Young adults would use paint in special cans to spray  their \"tag\" on walls and train cars around the city. This tag was a name they created to show off themselves and their artwork. This style of drawing and writing became known as graffiti . Graffiti art showed that young people wanted to rebel  against the rules. They traveled around cities to make paintings that everyone could see.\nStreet artists do their work for some reasons. A number of them choose street art because it is closer to the everyday life. What they enjoy most is the freedom of expressing themselves which street art permits . One well-known street artist is Swoon. She cuts out paper images of people and puts them on walls. Swoon didn't start her career as a street artist. She studied art but, as time went on, got bored with the works she saw in museums. Then she fell in love with graffiti. The people in New York enjoy Swoon's strong and interesting style. Some museums have already bought some of her works.\nNowadays street art has become part of a world-wide culture. It is supported by websites, artist groups, books and magazines.", "id": "middle5788.txt"}