{"answers": ["C", "C", "A", "B"], "options": [["Homework.", "Friends.", "Jobs", "Clothes"], ["They aren't happy with their family.", "They don't love each other any more.", "They disagree with each other about something.", "They will divorce because of family decisions."], ["Talk to them about our feelings.", "Say something we don't really mean.", "Keep silent and do everything as usual.", "Shout at them to let them know we are angry."], ["Parents'fighting often lasts a long time.", "Parents might fight over small things.", "Teenagers should never argue with parents.", "Teenager shouldn't tell others about parents' fighting."]], "questions": ["Which is NOT mentioned about the arguments between parents and teenagers?", "What does it mean when parents fight ?", "What should we do when our parents' fighting bothers us?", "What can we learn from the passage?"], "article": "Maybe you often have arguments with your parens about clothes , homework,friends and many other things. But what's going on when your parents fight with each other? Most teenagers feel sad or afraid when their parents fight. They might think their parents don't love each other any more and that their arguments will lead to a divorce .\nIn fact, it is normal for parents to disagree and argue sometimes. They might disagree about important things like jobs and family decisions. They might even disagree about little things that don't seem important at all---like what's for dinner. Maybe sometimes parents feel so strongly about their differences that it may lead to arguments. However, these arguments are often over quickly. Parents may say sorry and _ ,and the family returns to normal.\nAs a family member, you should find out what it really means when your parents fight. When your parents get angry with each other, they might say things they don't really mean.Most people may lose their cool, so if your parents are fighting, don't worry too much about it. Try to find a good way to solve it .\nIf your parents' fighting really bothers you, you might find it hard to sleep or go to school. If this happens, try talking to your parents about their behavior. They may not even realize it until you tell them how their arguments has affected you. You can also tell other relatives, a teacher or a close friend.\nJust remember that no family is perfect and arguments are common in every family.", "id": "middle5806.txt"}