{"answers": ["B", "A", "D", "C", "B"], "options": [["All the students were usually successful in their exams.", "Not all students passed the year exams.", "Every one of the students could pass the end of year exams.", "None of the students would take the exams again in September."], ["you go over your lessons.", "you read new books.", "you take the exam again and again.", "you look through the exam."], ["she was very poor at her lessons.", "she decided to be the best one in her class.", "she didn't work hard all year.", "she didn't want to fail in them."], ["Because she thought Kate should oversleep before the first exam.", "Because Kate was so worried about her exams that she couldn't go to sleep at all.", "Because Barbala hoped her sister would have a good sleep before the first exam.", "Because she had promised to wake her up the next morning."], ["she had taken a sleeping pill.", "she was too worried about her exams.", "her sister had forgotten to wake her up.", "she did not pass the exams."]], "questions": ["Which of the following is true?", "When you prepare for an exam,  _  .", "Kate worked very hard before the exams for   _  .", "Why did Barbala insist that Kate should take a sleeping pill?", "Kate dreamed a terrible dream simply because   _  ."], "article": "Soon it would be the holidays. But before that, there was the end of year exams. All the students worked hard for some time. If they didn't pass, they would have to take the exams in September again. Some students failed, but Kate decided not to be one of them. She worked hard all day, but just before the exams she was working so hard that her sister was worried about her. She was staying up too late . The night before the first exam, Barbala insisted that she should have an early night and take a sleeping pill. She promised to wake her in the morning.\nAs she was falling asleep, Kate was worried in case she over-slept. Her mind kept jumping from subject to subject. At last, with the help of the pill, she fell asleep. she was sitting in the examination hall, looking at the paper. She couldn't answer any of the questions. Everyone round her was writing pages and pages. However hard she thought, she couldn't find anything to write about. She kept looking at her watch. Time was running out. There was only one hour left. She started one question, wrote two sentences, gave up and tried another one. With only half an hour left she wrote another two sentences. By this time she was so worried that she started crying. Her whole body shook(,). It shook so much that it woke her up. She was still in bed and it had all been a terrible dream. A minute later, Barbala called her name.", "id": "middle5811.txt"}