{"answers": ["A", "C", "D"], "options": [["Because the vegetables wanted more light.", "Because the tree drank almost all the water.", "Because the vegetables weren't the pride of the gardener.", "Because the vegetables didn't look as wonderful as tree."], ["The vegetables were sorry to see the tree drying up.", "The gardener was very angry with the vegetables and the tree.", "The gardener didn't know what was happening in the patch at first.", "The tree didn't know how important the sun was to vegetables."], ["why the sunlight and water were very important", "how the gardener took care of his vegetable patch", "why the gardener was proud of his vegetable patch", "what happened between the vegetables and the tree"]], "questions": ["Why didn't the vegetables and the tree get on well with each other?", "From the passage we know   _  .", "The passage is mainly about   _  ."], "article": "There was a lovely vegetable patch  . A large tree grew there. Both the patch and the tree gave the place a wonderful look, and they were the pride  of the gardener. But no one know that the vegetables and the tree couldn't stand   each other. The vegetables hated the tree's shadow   , because it left them only just enough light to live. The tree, on the other hand, hated the vegetables because they drank nearly all the water, leaving him just enough to live.\nTheir problem became so serious that the vegetables decided to use up all the water in the ground so that the tree would die. The tree answered back by not protecting the vegetables from the hot sun, so they began to dry up. Soon the vegetables were really weak, and the tree was drying up.\nThe gardener wondered why and stopped watering them. When he did that, both the tree and the vegetables found that it was better to help each other. They learned how to live _ with those around them. So they decided to work together, using both the shade and the water to grow well. After seeing how well they were doing, the gardener gave the best care to the vegetable patch, watering and fertilizing   it better than any other patch for miles around.", "id": "middle5855.txt"}