{"answers": ["B", "C", "C"], "options": [["Flowers, food, fruits and umbrellas.", "Flowers, food, wine and joss paper.", "Food, fruits. joss paper and kites.", "Flowers, wine and pets."], ["We have one day off for Tomb Sweeping Day.", "Tomb Sweeping Day began in the Zhou dynasty.", "People in the world celebrate Tomb Sweeping Day.", "Family values play an important role in Chinese culture."], ["People bring many things to the grave site.", "Du Mu wrote a poem about Qingming Festival.", "Tome Sweeping Day is a traditional Chinese festival.", "Qingming Festival is a good time for outdoor activities."]], "questions": ["What can people take to the grave sites according to the passage?", "Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage?", "What does the passage mainly discuss?"], "article": "A well-known poem by Tang dynasty poet Du Mu tells of a scene in early April: \"Rains fall heavily as Qingming comes, and passersby with lowered spirits go.\"\nThis scene takes place on Tomb Sweeping Day, also known as Qingming Festival. Tomb Sweeping Day is a traditional Chinese festival. Tomb Sweeping Day is a traditional Chinese festival. It began in the Zhou dynasty, over 2, 500 years ago. Chinese people celebrate it to remember and honor their ancestors . This year, it falls on April 4. Tomb Sweeping Day became a public holiday in the Chinese mainland in 2008. People have one day off for that day.\nOn this day. families bring flowers, food and wine to the grave sites  of their ancestors. They place cakes, fruits in front of the grave and some may bum joss paper as money for the dead. After that, they sweep the tombs and cherish  the memories of their dead family members.\nTomb Sweeping Day gives us a chance to show respect to our ancestors and family members who have passed away and show that we miss them. This tradition shows that family values are an important part of Chinese culture.\nTomb Sweeping Day is also the beginning of the time for gardening and outdoor activities in China. Families often get together for outings or to fly kites at this time.", "id": "middle5973.txt"}