{"answers": ["D", "B"], "options": [["She wanted to see a film without a ticket.", "Her body gave out a pleasant smell.", "She was afraid of being caught by the clerk on duty.", "She was not welcome to see the film there."], ["Why the author had a hard time in France.", "How the author changed a woman's life and got a job.", "Kindness is necessary sometimes.", "Getting a job is not so easy."]], "questions": ["Why did the woman hide behind the author when going into the cinema?", "What is the main idea of the text?"], "article": "I once had a hard time making a living in France. Three years ago, I moved to a new neighborhood and felt an intense  need to meet people so I went to the cinema. Outside the cinema was a woman with long gray hair who had a strong smell and was asking for money. I reached for my wallet to give her a Euro and then something made me stop and enter into conversation with her. I said, \"Look, all the women going to the cinema here on a Tuesday night are seeing a film that can change your life. I'd rather buy you a ticket than give you money.\"\nShe hesitated  for a moment and then came in with me. She hid behind me because, she said, the people running the theater didn't like her. I got her a ticket and she sat next to me. There were about 80 women there; I noticed some of them were turning around and looking at me with expressions of surprise and curiosity .\nI encouraged the woman I had bought the ticket for to come the following night to an event where there would be many representatives  of various social services. I thought they could be of some help to her. She did come and I was able to direct her to an agency that helped women in her situation. At the same time, a woman came toward me and said, \"Are you the person who bought a ticket for the woman outside the theater asking for _ When I said yes she said, \"I want you to come to the community center where I work. I want the other employees there to meet you.\"\nThis was the beginning of a deep friendship and colleague relationship. I now have a great job and have more work than I've ever had in my 20 years in France. And the woman I took to the cinema that night? I learned that she was not homeless and that she was a secretary.", "id": "middle5976.txt"}