{"answers": ["A", "C"], "options": [["It is important to keep your eyes healthy.", "People seldom pay attention to eye health.", "It is necessary to give your kids carrots.", "All the eye disease are hereditary."], ["Eating carrots", "Eye disease", "How to keep eyes healthy", "The importance of eye health."]], "questions": ["What does the writer want to tell us in the passage?", "Which can be the BEST title for this passage?"], "article": "If your mother told you to eat carrots so you'd be able to see in the dark, she was right. It turns out that feeding kids carrots is just one of a number of things to keep eyes healthy. Other things include regular eye exams, and sunglasses or hats are also very helpful, experts say.\nWhile eye disease is sometimes hereditary , some are still preventable , said Dr. Ron Weber, an Atlanta-based ophthalmologist. For example, nearsightedness, \"not only has a genetic  component but is also influenced by how kids use their eyes during childhood,\" he told Reuters Health by phone.\nHe said that extended close work, such as reading, has long been thought to cause nearsightedness. Recent support has come from a study in which people with a higher level of education were more likely to have nearsightedness, because they spend more time reading or working on computers. Another study showed that children who spend more time outdoors are less likely to become nearsighted.\nBut these findings don't mean kids should be stopped from reading or working on the computer. Instead, Weber suggests, make sure a child's environment is bright enough while they are doing close work. Parents should also help kids get into the habit of holding their reading material at the perfect distance - about 18 to 22 inches, he said. Finally, taking a break every five minutes or so, to let the eyes relax and focus on an object in the distance, will also help.\nOne of the most important things a parent can do to help _ eye disease and vision problems is to make sure their child gets regular eye exams, beginning early in life. \"The majority of vision problems in children are preventable and treatable,\" said Dr. Ida Chung.", "id": "middle5983.txt"}