{"answers": ["A", "A", "B", "A"], "options": [["What British and American people wear nowadays", "Office manners   in Britain and the US", "Differences between British and American business men", "No trousers for office ladies"], ["go out to enjoy themselves", "are in offices", "are in big restaurants", "go out to work"], ["sweaters", "anything they like", "suits and ties", "clothes like players"], ["Women are usually not allowed   to wear trousers in offices.", "Lawyers   always wear formal clothes even though   they are at home.", "British people are more careful with their clothes than American people.", "Though everyone is different, they wear the same clothes in offices."]], "questions": ["The best title   for this passage   would be  _  .", "People in Britain and the US wear informal clothes when they  _  .", "At concerts British business people wear  _  .", "Which of the following is True according to the passage?"], "article": "These days, most people in Britain and the US do not wear formal   clothes. But sometimes it is important to wear the right thing. Many British people don't think about clothes very much. When they go out to enjoy themselves, they can wear almost anything. At theatres  , cinemas and concerts   you can put on anything you like: from beautiful suits and dresses to jeans and sweaters. Anything goes, as long as you look clean and tidy. But in Britain, as well as in the US, men in offices usually wear suits and ties and women wear dresses or skirts (not trousers). Doctors and business people always wear quite formal clothes. And in some hotels and restaurants men have to wear ties and women have to wear tidy dresses.\nIn many ways, Americans are less formal than British people, but they are more careful with their clothes. At home, most Americans wear informal   or sports clothes. But when they go out in the evening, they like to look nice. In good hotels and restaurants, men have to wear jackets and ties, and women have to wear pretty clothes.\nIt is difficult to say exactly   what people wear in Britain and the US, because everyone is different. If you are not sure what to wear, watch what other people do and then do the same. You'll feel good if you don't look too different from everyone else.", "id": "middle6104.txt"}