{"answers": ["D", "B", "C"], "options": [["The Internet", "My classmates", "My grandpa", "A coin"], ["I was too proud of my homework", "I mistook what the homework was about", "the whole world suddenly became quiet", "the teacher's face turned to a stone"], ["the headmaster didn't like the writer at all", "the writer's classmates felt sad at his mistake", "the writer knew little about American history", "the writer's grandpa was a very wise man"]], "questions": ["_   helped me decide what my report would be about.", "People in the class acted strangely because   _  .", "We can infer  from the passage that   _  ."], "article": "This was the first real task I received in my new school. It seemed simple: go on the Internet and find information about a man named George Washington. As I searched the name, I found that there were two famous people having the same name who looked completely different! One invented hundreds of uses for peanuts , while the other led some kind of army across America. I looked at the screen, wondering which one my teacher meant. I called my grandfather for a golden piece of advice: let the coin decide. I flipped  a coin and ah! Tails  ! My report would be about the great man who invented peanut butter, George Washington Carver.\nWeeks later, I stood in front of the classroom and proudly read my homework. But things started to get strange. I looked around the room, only to find my classmates with big smiles on their faces and tears in their eyes and my stone-faced teacher. I was completely lost. \"What could be causing everyone to act this way?\"\nOh well, I dropped the paper and sat down at my desk, burning to find out what I had done wrong. As a classmate began his report, it all became clear, \"My report is on George Washington, the man who started the American War of Independence.\" The whole world became quiet! How could I know that my teacher meant that George Washington?\nOf course, my subject result was awful. Sad but fearless, I decided to turn this around. I talked to the headmaster Miss Lancelot, but she said firmly: No re-dos; no new score. I felt that it was not fair, and I believed I should get a second chance. So I threw myself heartily into my work for the rest of the school year. Ten months later, I sat in the headmaster's office again, but this time a completely different conversation. I smiled and flashed back to the terrible moment at the beginning of the year as the headmaster told me I was good enough to skip  the 6th grade and started the 7th grade next term.", "id": "middle6110.txt"}