{"answers": ["B", "A", "A", "D"], "options": [["Competition helps to set up self-respect.", "Opinions about competition are different among people.", "Competition is harmful to personal quality development.", "Failures are necessary experience in competition."], ["It pushes society forward.", "It builds up a sense of duty.", "It improves personal abilities.", "It encourages efforts."], ["One's worth lies in his performance in the competition.", "One's success in competition needs great efforts.", "One's achievement is decided by his special skills.", "One's success is based on how hard he has tried."], ["Every effort should be paid back.", "Competition should be encouraged.", "Winning should be a life-and-death matter.", "Fear of failure should be removed in competition."]], "questions": ["What does this passage mainly talk about?", "Why do some people favor  competition according to the passage?", "What is the similar belief of the true competitors and those with a desire to fail?", "Which point of view may the author agree to?"], "article": "In modern society there is a great deal of argument about competition. Some value it highly, believing that it is responsible  for social progress. Others say that competition is bad; that it sets one person against another; that it leads to unfriendly relationship between people.\nI have taught many children who held the belief that their self-worth depended on how well they performed at tennis and other skills. For them, playing well and winning are often life-and-death affairs . The development of many other human qualities is sadly forgotten.\nHowever, while some seem to be lost in the desire to succeed, others take an opposite attitude. In a culture which values only the winner and pays no attention to the common players, they are strongly against competition. Most of them are young people who have suffered under competitive pressures from their parents or society. Teaching these youngsters, I often observe  in them a desire to fail. They seem to find failure by not trying to win or achieve success. By not trying, they always have an excuse: \" I may have lost, but it doesn't matter because I really didn't try.\" What is not usually accepted by themselves is the belief that if they had really tried and lost, that would mean a lot. Such a loss would be a measure  of their worth. Clearly, this belief is the same as that of true competitors who try to prove themselves. Both are based on the mistaken belief that one's self-worth depends on how well one performs in the competition. Both are afraid of not being valued. We can discover a new meaning in competition only as this kind of fear begins to disappear.", "id": "middle6111.txt"}