{"answers": ["A", "C"], "options": [["Because it was easy for them to get jobs there.", "Because Limhouse had been almost destroyed during the war.", "Because many British people enjoyed Chinese food.", "Because their children could study there and get well-paid jobs."], ["In the east of London", "In Limhousse", "Not far from Leicester Square.", "Outside the city"]], "questions": ["Why did many Chinese immigrants come to London in 1950s?", "Where is London's Chinatown now?"], "article": "London's Chinese community  dates back to the 18thcentury, when a small number of Chinese sailors moved to the city to work in Limhouse, east London. As time went on, other Chinese people came to this area and Limhouse began to be known as \"Chinatown\". However London's Chinese community remained very small for many years: at the start of the 20thcentury, there were just 545 Chinese people in Britain.\nAfter the Second World War, many farmers in Hong Kong lost their jobs and came to London. As Limhouse had been almost destroyed during the war, they settled  in different area--a part of central London near Leicester Square. This area is now what Londoners call Chinatown.\nAt first, the new immigrants   found it difficult to get jobs. In the 1950s, however, a small Chinese restaurant opened in London. Many British people visited it and said that Chinese food was wonderful! Suddenly, Chinese restaurants and take-aways started opening in every part of the city. Instead of too little work, the new Chinese immigrants now found that they had too much! They worked as cooks, managers or waiters. Most of them enjoyed their lives and arranged their friends and relatives to join them from overseas.\nAs time went by, London's Chinese community became more and more successful. The sons and daughters of the original restaurant workers studied and worked very hard. And most went on to get highly paid jobs. Many Chinese families left Chinatown and moved to the more expensive _ . Chinatown, however, is still as lively as ever.", "id": "middle6151.txt"}