{"answers": ["C", "B", "D", "D"], "options": [["Because they want to take right notes.", "Because their teachers want them to do so.", "Because they want to make taking notes easier.", "Because they always want to try new things."], ["Four.", "Three.", "Two.", "One."], ["You shouldn't be afraid to write down everything.", "To save time, you should memorize instead of taking notes.", "You should write down all the words that your teachers write on the blackboard.", "You only need to write down what you don't understand or some key words."], ["By taking pictures of the words that teachers write.", "By recording what teachers say in class.", "By using a computer.", "By taking notes with your hand."]], "questions": ["Why do more and more students take notes with digital cameras but not by hand?", "How many steps do the students need to read the notes from digital cameras?", "Which of the following is TRUE about taking notes?", "What does the writer think is the best way to take notes?"], "article": "With the development of science, more and more students don't like taking notes by hand. Instead, they use digital   cameras to take pictures of the words that their teachers write on the blackboard or record what their teachers say in class.\nThe children might think there are too many notes to take or their teachers write or speak so fast that they can't take more specific notes. They are trying to find ways to make things easier, so they use digital cameras. In fact, children are very clever to make use of technology  .\nBut do digital cameras really make taking notes easier?\nNot really. Before you read notes from digital cameras, there are a lot of things you have to do. To begin with, you have to find a computer. Then you need to copy the photos into the computer. Next, you have to find a printer   to print the photos. Another thing is that you can't hear the sound from the digital cameras clearly because there is usually lots of _ . You will have to listen to it slowly several times before you understand everything.\nIn fact, taking notes by hand has many advantages. For example, it can help you remember and understand what you are learning. In order to save time, you can choose the most important things or the things you don't understand to write down. You don't have to write down everything.\nDon't be afraid to take notes by hand. It's really an effective   way.", "id": "middle6224.txt"}