{"answers": ["C", "A", "A", "B"], "options": [["She wanted to visit a lot of interesting places.", "She wanted to visit her uncle.", "She wanted to find a job.", "She wanted to have a good time there."], ["Helping my sister find a job.", "Visiting Waitan and Huangpu park.", "Waiting at home for a job.", "Reading many newspapers."], ["Because she was too young.", "Because she couldn't find the second company.", "Because the city is so big that we lost our way.", "Because she was not knowledgeable enough or she didn't have enough experience."], ["My sister couldn't find a job in Shanghai because she was not knowledgeable enough or she didn't have enough experience.", "If we want to succeed in life, we have to work hard and get a lot of knowledge.", "Shanghai is so big, so we couldn't find a job easily.", "Shanghai is so big, so we lost our way easily."]], "questions": ["Why did my sister go to Shanghai?", "How did we spend the next few days?", "Why couldn't my sister get the first job in Shanghai?", "What does the passage mainly tell us?"], "article": "This holiday my sister and I went to Shanghai. My sister had just graduated and she wanted to find a job in Shanghai.\nMy uncle lived in Shanghai, so we lived with him after we got there. On the first day we went to a lot of interesting places, including Waitan and Huangpu Park. We spent the next few days helping my sister find a job. We read many advertisements in newspapers to find one. My sister couldn't get the first job because they said she was too young.\nThen we lost our way and couldn't find the second company. We had a map but the city is so big, so we had to ask someone for help and finally found the second company. The boss had a talk with my sister and asked her to wait at home for their decision. A month later we went home. My sister couldn't find a job in   Shanghai because she was not knowledgeable enough or she didn't have enough experience. In this holiday we learned that if we want to succeed in life, we have to work hard and get a lot of knowledge.", "id": "middle6233.txt"}