{"answers": ["C", "B", "D", "B", "A"], "options": [["Because they are not careful.", "Because they forget to look and listen.", "Because they can't see or hear very well.", "Because they often run across the road."], ["Stop and look both ways.", "Run quickly.", "Make sure that the road is clear", "Walk quickly."], ["let drivers drive slowly", "play in the street carefully", "run across the road quickly", "help children to cross the road"], ["Children often get hurt or die because they can't see or hear very well.", "Most of old people and children get hurt or die when they are crossing the road.", "If they drive too fast, it will be very easy to stop the cars in a very short time.", "It's safe for people to run across."], ["How to lessen traffic accidents", "How to cross the road", "Please obey the traffic rules", "Meeting with traffic accidents"]], "questions": ["Why do most old people often get hurt or die when they are crossing the road?", "Which of the following is NOT the right way to cross the road?", "As a teenager, you can  _  to try to lessen traffic accidents.", "Which can be TRUE according to this passage?", "The best title for this article may be  _"], "article": "Every year thousands of people get hurt or die when they are crossing the road. Most of these people are old people and children. Old people often get hurt or die because they can't see or hear very well. Children usually meet with accidents because of their carelessness. They forgot to look and listen before they cross the road.\nHow can we lessen  traffic accidents? All of us must obey the traffic rules. For the drivers, they shouldn't drive too fast. If they drive too fast, it will be very difficult to stop the cars in a very short time. For the pedestrians , it's very important to be careful when they are walking on the road. Therefore, when we walk across the road, we must try to walk along the pavements. We must stop and look both ways before crossing the road. Look left first, next look right, then look left again. Only when we are sure that the road is clear, we can cross it. The right way to cross the road is to walk quickly. It's not safe to run. If people run across the road, they may fall down. Teenagers should try to help children, old people or blind people to cross the road, and never play in the street.\n,,.", "id": "middle6296.txt"}