{"answers": ["C", "C", "B", "D"], "options": [["a burglar in his house", "the bedroom window closed", "Ellen lying on the floor, blood all over", "Ellen waiting for him in the concert hall"], ["called out for help", "called the police at once", "was too scared to do anything", "tried to find out the murderer"], ["Payne called the police the next morning.", "Payne ran away after his car bumped into the man that night.", "Payne couldn't remember clearly what had happened that night.", "Payne wondered what the man was doing in his neighborhood that night."], ["show he was sorry for his wife's death", "show he was guilty for murdering his wife", "tell why his wife was killed that night", "say the man in the road was probably the murderer"]], "questions": ["When Payne got home, he found   _  .", "After he found Ellen dead, Payne  _", "Which of the following is NOT true?", "In this passage Payne tried to  _  ."], "article": "The judge  thought Geoffrey Payne killed his wife. Now for the first time Payne wrote to a magazine from the prison about what happened on the night of 13 October 1999.\nI had to stay late at the hospital that night to do an operation. I finally left at about 11p.m.. I drove home slowly because the wind was blowing and it was raining heavily. I was running into our road when a man suddenly ran in front of my car. I almost hit him but I stopped just in time. I was scared and the man looked scared, too. I got out of the car but he ran away before I could ask if he was all right. It was very strange.\nWhen I got home, the lights were on but it was very quiet. I called to my wife but there was no answer. Then I remembered that she was out at a concert.\nI was still very unhappy about what happened on the road, so I made myself a drink. Then I went upstairs to have a bath. I saw that the window in the bedroom was open. This was strange because my wife always locked the doors and windows before she went out. She was afraid of burglars. When I went to close it, I found Ellen. She was lying on the floor. There was blood everywhere. I rushed over for her pulse but she was dead. I was so scared. I sat on the floor beside her body without knowing what to do.\nThe next thing I knew was that the sky was getting light. I can't remember a thing about that night. In the morning I phoned the police. They arrived half an hour after I phoned them. But it seemed like hours. During that time I tried hard to remember anything I could about the night before. I couldn't stop thinking about the man in the road. What was he doing at that time of night in our quiet neighborhood?", "id": "middle6345.txt"}