{"answers": ["A", "D", "B"], "options": [["the Home-coming Day", "the football game", "the graduation day", "winning the game"], ["Seeing old friends.", "Visiting teachers they remember.", "Watching the football game.", "Going home to see their family."], ["The teachers who are kind to the students.", "The students who are popular with the students.", "The visitors who once studied in the school.", "The players who play best in the football team."]], "questions": ["The most important event of the year in high schools and colleges is  _  .", "Which of the following in NOT talked about on the Home-coming Day?", "Who can become the Home-coming Queen or King?"], "article": "In American schools there is something called the Home-coming Day. Many high schools and colleges with a football team have a home-coming game. This can be the most important event of the year. Students plan the Home-coming Day for many weeks.\nA few days before Home-coming Day, students start to decorate the school. There are signs to wish luck to the team, and many other signs to welcome all the graduates. Many people still come to Home-coming twenty or thirty years after their graduation .\nThe members of school clubs build booths and sell lemonade, apples and sandwiches. Some clubs help to welcome visitors.\nDuring the day people like to look for teachers that they remember from long ago. Often they see old friends and they talk together about those happy years in school.\nEveryone soon comes to watch the football game. When the game is half over, the band comes onto the field and plays school songs. Another important moment is the moment when the Home-coming Queen or King appears. All the students choose a most popular student the Home-coming Queen or King. It is a great honour to be chosen.\nThe Home-coming Day is a happy day. Even if the team loses, the students still enjoy it. Some stay at the school to dance, and others go to a party. For everyone, it is a day they will always remember.", "id": "middle6385.txt"}