{"answers": ["D", "B", "C", "A"], "options": [["it's made up of two cities", "there are good beaches along Danube", "it's the capital of Hungary", "it's famous for its boating and nightlife"], ["Budapest.", "Los Angeles", "Taipei.", "None."], ["it was founded in 1871", "it became one city in 1872", "it became a city in the 18th century", "it was founded in the 19th century"], ["The population of Taipei is no larger than those of the other two.", "The weather in Taipei is smoggy and not always pleasant.", "Budapest has the longest history of the three cities.", "Los Angeles is the largest city in the U.S."]], "questions": ["People like to travel to Budapest because   _  .", "If you are a film star fan, which city would you like to visit among the three?", "When we talk about the history of Los Angeles, we know that  _  .", "Which of the following is TRUE for the three cities?"], "article": "Have you ever been to some big cities in the world? The information below will be helpful to you.\nBudapest   For many centuries, Budapest was two cities, with Buda on the west side of the river Danube and Pest on the east side. Budapest became one city in 1872, and it has been the capital city of Hungary for about eighty years.\nThe population  of Budapest is about three million, and the city is a very popular place for tourists. Visitors like to take boat rides along the Danube. Budapest is also known for its exciting nightlife. The best time to visit is summer since Budapest is very cold in winter.\nLos Angeles    Los Angeles was founded in 1781. With 3.5 million people it is now the biggest city in California and the second largest city in the United States. It is famous for its modern highways, its movie stars, and its smog. When the city is really smoggy, you can't see the near-by Mountains. The weather is usually dry and warm. Visitors like to go to the film studios and to drive along Hollywood Street. There are many good beaches near the city, and Los Angeles is also close to Disneyland.\nTaipei    Since the founding of Taipei in the 18th century, the city has grown to a population of 2.3 million. Taipei is an exciting city, but the weather is humid  and not always pleasant. It's also a very busy city, and the streets are always full of people. There is an excellent museum that many people visit. Taipei is quite an expensive city, but not more expensive than some neighboring cities such as Hong Kong and Tokyo. So more and more travelers go to Taipei to shop.", "id": "middle6390.txt"}