{"answers": ["B", "B"], "options": [["Parents should not ask their children to live a lie.", "There is something more important than money in life.", "Young people should make their own career decisions.", "Young people are happy to make their own decisions."], ["It's best to do what you want.", "You need to make your own decisions.", "Money doesn't mean happiness.", "Living a lie would not be good."]], "questions": ["What is the passage mainly about?", "Which of the following arguments is NOT used to support the writer's conclusion?"], "article": "A situation in which a student is troubled by his parents asking him to go into a job area that makes good money but he doesn't want to go into, is a bad situation. The question is whether he should go into this job or not.\nTo start with, you need to go for what is best for YOU, even if there would be some negative results. You can't be happy if you don't make decisions that are right for you. If you do not make your own decisions and make decisions that will be good for you, your life would be a big lie to yourself, which is not a sign that you have done something you wanted to do.\nLiving a lie would not be a very good life. The truth is much better than living a lie. If your whole life is a lie, then it is not a very beautiful life at all. In the song Lyin' Eyes, the woman is living a lie by pretending she loves the old man, while in reality she was just in it for money. As a result, her life is miserable  and a big lie.\nAnd finally, money cannot buy happiness. A good example of this is also from the song Lyin' Eyes. The only reason why the woman married the old man was for the money and gifts she would receive. This results in her life are not happy at all. This just goes to show that no matter how much money you have, your life still might not be happy. It takes a lot more than _ to make your life a good one.\nIn conclusion, doing what you want is best. If you don't do what you want to, you won't be happy with your life.", "id": "middle6402.txt"}