{"answers": ["D", "C"], "options": [["12", "13", "14", "15"], ["It will take longer to send text messages.", "People will want to talk on their phones more often.", "There will be more things for people to do with their phones.", "People think the new phones are easier and safer to use."]], "questions": ["According to the passage ,if a driver needs 10 seconds to stop when driving normally, they will need   _  seconds to stop when talking on a mobile phone.", "Why will new types of mobile phones make the driving problem worse?"], "article": "Last year in the UK at least 45 people died and 900 more were injured  in car accidents where drivers were using their mobile phones. Yet many people continue to use them while driving even though it' s dangerous.\nResearch has shown that it is difficult to concentrate on  driving and talking at the same time. It can even be more dangerous than driving after drinking too much. A recent study found that when drivers were talking on their mobile phones, their stopping times were 30 percent slower than when they had drunk too much - and nearly 50 percent slower than when they were driving normally. It also found that drivers talking on mobile phones were less able to control their cars than drunk drivers.\nAnd talking isn't even the most serious problem, but texting is. Unbelievably, another recent study reported that 22% of adults admitted  they had sent a text message while driving at least once in the past month. An average  text message takes 90 seconds to write and send. That means for one and a half minutes a driver is looking at their phone's screen and not at the road. The arrival of new smart phones such as the iPhone will only make things worse as they will allow users to do more things than ever before.\nUsing a mobile phone while driving puts others' lives at risk. No matter how well we drive, if another driver is*not careful, we are put in danger by their actions. Such drivers are selfish, careless and should have their driving  licenses   cancelled.\nThere is no doubt that mobile phones can be fun and are useful, especially when you're in trouble.\nBut there is no need to use them while driving. Just wait until you stop or you will probably get into trou-ble of your own.", "id": "middle6436.txt"}