{"answers": ["B", "D", "D", "A"], "options": [["Delicious food.", "Televisions and laptops.", "Cheap clothes.", "Tents and hot chocolate."], ["study people's shopping habits", "look for some clothes he wanted", "buy some items for the family", "experience the shopping season"], ["Because the sales last too long indeed.", "Because the stores can be over-crowded.", "Because many people are waiting outside.", "Because there are fewer products than needed."], ["It is a wonderful time to do shopping.", "It is a good time to enjoy the experience.", "People are in great need of many things.", "People have just given thanks for what they have."]], "questions": ["What products sell best on Black Friday?", "The author went to the mall after Thanksgiving to   _  .", "Why does the author say some stores can be dangerous?", "What is special about Black Friday?"], "article": "It's that time of year again. The lead-up to everyone's favorite holiday -- Christmas!\nUsually Black Friday, the day after Thanksgiving, marks the beginning of the Christmas shopping season. On this day all the stores open early and offer the best discounts to their customers. Interestingly, people push to buy the cheapest products, just a few hours after giving thanks for the things they have.\nUsually televisions and laptops are the most popular products on Black Friday. People are willing to wait for hours for their favorite stores to open because they want very much to get the items they need.\nThis year I decided to go out and grab a bargain at one of these sales, just to see what it is like. After a delicious Thanksgiving meal, I drove to the mall around half an hour before the stores opened. Already there were people lining up and waiting outside. Some had even prepared themselves with tents and hot chocolate to stay warm in the cold weather. I entered the store, but I wasn't looking for anything specific. I just walked around the store checking out the prices. I bought some cheap clothes, while other people were _ their shopping carts with tons of different items.\nSome people come to the Black Friday sales for the products, and others come to enjoy the experience. However, some stores can be a little dangerous during Black Friday. Every year there are always some cases of people fighting over the small number of goods. This year Wal-Mart learned its lesson and made the sales last longer. They made sure customers came for the first hour, got what they wanted and then left quickly.", "id": "middle6443.txt"}