{"answers": ["C", "B", "A", "D"], "options": [["Rode camels", "Sold vegetables", "Climbed the mountains", "Fished on the east coast"], ["there aren't any vegetables in the desert", "the father can't cook", "they think instant noodles are delicious", "they have no money to buy something to eat"], ["Because it is about how Chinese parents look after their children.", "Because there are many famous stars on the show.", "Because it is about how to help the poor.", "Because it is about how to sell vegetables."], ["Fathers are much kinder on their kids on the show", "Children were told to follow their parents' wishes in the past", "Parents can also learn something when they raise their children.", "In traditional culture, parents are both strict with their children."]], "questions": ["According to the passage, what didn't the fathers and their children do on the show?", "One father and his son only eat instant noodles because  _  .", "Why is Where Are We Going, Dad? so popular?", "Which of the following is NOT true?"], "article": "Since last year, Where Are We Going, Dad? has become one of the most popular TV shows. On the show, the five fathers and their children traveled around China, riding camels through the western desserts , fishing on the east coast, and selling vegetables for their bus fare( )home in southwestern Yunnan Province.\nOne dad doesn't know how to do his daughter's hair, so some people try to help him. Another one must survive  with his son for three days in the desert. Because the father can't cook, they only eat instant noodles .\nWhy is Where Are We Going, Dad? so popular? Because it is about how Chinese parents look after their kids. The show makes modern parents think about what they should do with their kids. \"In traditional  Chinese culture, the father is strict and the mother is kind. But on the show, we see fathers who are much kinder on their kids and more involved  in their upbringing .\"said Li Minyi, a professor of early childhood education.\nIn the past, children were taught to follow their parents' wishes and look after _ in their old age. But today Chinese parents start to realize  that respecting   their children's choices may be a better way to be ready for modern society. As they raise  their children, parents are growing up  at the same time.", "id": "middle6485.txt"}