{"answers": ["D", "A", "C", "A"], "options": [["All of the colours.", "Dark colours.", "Dark red.", "Bright colours."], ["Black.", "Green.", "Yellow.", "Red."], ["leather clothes in light colours", "soft clothes in dark colours", "soft clothes in light colours", "leather clothes in dark colours"], ["We should dress children in dark colours.", "Fresh roses can cheer us up when we're feeling blue.", "Dark colours can tell lies.", "Dressing yourself for the day is quite important."]], "questions": ["What kind of colours can easily draw our attention?", "Which of the following colours shouldn't we choose to look at if a lot of people in your office wear dark clothes?", "We should wear   _   to help our nervous system calm down and smooth it out to prepare for sleep.", "Which of the following sentences is NOT right?"], "article": "When someone walks into a room wearing bright colours, everyone seems to take notice. Beautiful bright colours can easily draw our attention. Fresh roses can cheer us up when we're feeling blue. Dressing up in colourful clothing can bring us into a more positive mood.\nWhat shall I wear today? What colour should I choose?\nDressing yourself for the day is quite important whether you know it or not. Our moods often show what our bodies end up wearing. When you look in the mirror after you dress, train yourself to notice how you feel when you see yourself. Notice your mood. If you are not feeling yourself, could the colour of what you are wearing irritate   your nervous system? Did you never notice that before? We all know that dark colours can tell lies. They can make you look and feel older than you really are. That is why baby clothes never come in dark colours. To the mind, dark colours seem easier to hold power, but to the heart and feeling level, they don't help your heart to open. Bring happy colours and happiness to go hand in hand. Bright happy colours open your heart, calming your nervous system.\nSome advice:\nIf you work around people who wear black, try to find a happy colour to look at to replace   the picture of dark colours in your mind.\nAt night, wear soft clothes in light colours to help your nervous system calm down and smooth it out, preparing yourself for sleep.\nDon't dress children in dark colours because their nervous systems are just beginning to feel.", "id": "middle6537.txt"}