{"answers": ["B", "B", "C", "D"], "options": [["It's as good as it used to be.", "It's worse than it used to be", "It's better than it used to be.", "It's the same as it used to be."], ["his grandson fought with others", "he often plays computer games and failed another test", "he didn't take his homework back", "he didn't help him with the housework"], ["The English teacher", "Mr. Black", "Mr. Black's friend", "Mr. Black's grandson."], ["Few people are using the Internet now.", "People have more time to talk with each other now.", "It is not a problem to park cars in cities.", "The grandfather only complains and pays no attention to the better life now."]], "questions": ["What does Mr. Black think of the life now?", "Mr. Black got very angry with his grandson because  _  .", "_   died because of a car accident.", "Which of the following is true according to the passage?"], "article": "My neighbor Mr. Black is seventy years old. He always complains about how fast things have changed, and he often says that life was better in the past than today. Now cities are full of cars. Some families even have two or more cars, so parking is becoming a big problem. The traffic in some cities is very bad. Some car drivers drive too fast, so there are more traffic accidents. Yesterday Mr. Black's old friend died because a car hit him. He is very sad now.\nMost families own computers now. Now more and more children use the Internet now. The number of children using the Internet is becoming bigger and bigger. Mr. Black's grandson is a high school student. He often plays computer games on the Internet till midnight. He feels tired in the early hours of the morning and spends less time doing homework. His English teacher told Mr. Black that his grandson failed another test. Mr. Black got very angry with his grandson.\nFamilies aren't what they used to be. A lot of families have broken up. If the husband and wife have problems with their marriage, they will _ . And mothers used to stay at home and take care of their children, but now parents are both busy working. No one has time to look after children at home.\nAnd people talk less to each other than before. They are too busy to talk, too busy to eat, too busy to think. Mr. Black thinks that life was simple and happy, but now it has changed a lot.", "id": "middle6553.txt"}