{"answers": ["A", "D", "B"], "options": [["on the Internet", "in specialty stores", "from salesmen", "from retailers"], ["tell us to shop online", "tell us the best way to do shopping", "show us how hard it is to do Christmas shopping", "give us advice on how to get a good deal at Christmas time"], ["people are surely able to get a good deal on Friday", "it is possible for people to buy the perfect Christmas gifts with less money", "retailers will be hungry because they are busy selling Christmas gifts", "with traditional Christmas shopping, people can't buy the perfect gifts"]], "questions": ["We can have more choices to get a good deal  _  .", "In this passage the writer wants to  _  .", "From the passage we can infer   that   _  ."], "article": "It's a goal for millions and millions of families every year to keep the Christmas spending within a certain amount of money, but you can still afford the gifts because your loved ones will\nenjoy them. This concern   is becoming greater and greater theses days. Even so, there are several things that you can do to help.\nHit the sales. No one wants to get up at four o'clock in the morning and fight to get a good deal   on Black Friday (the first Friday at Christmas time). It's surely very difficult to pick up the courage and get out there in the cold for a good deal. But sometimes it can be well worth. Many retailers   offer _ all through the day. Some even offer online Black Friday specials, so we may still be able to get a great deal on Black Friday.\nRead advertisements regularly.Once the Christmas shopping season is coming, retailers will be hungry for business. They will try their best to get us into the store. Please read the weekly advertisements of sales among the major retailers from time to time. We may be lucky enough to find different prices for the same thing in different shops.\nShop online. Some of us don't like running from store to store to get the best price on the perfect gift. Some of us don't like to go out in the cold at all, and then, we can do online shopping. The world of online shopping makes it possible for us to visit all the major retailers and some specialty stores  on the Internet. We can find exactly what we are looking for at the best possible price without even having to leave the house. With traditional Christmas shopping, it will always take us a long time to wait if we want to get the perfect gift.", "id": "middle6586.txt"}