{"answers": ["D", "A"], "options": [["children's magazine", "a personal diary", "a short-story collection", "an introduction to tourist attractions"], ["Yangzhou snacks were famous for their great variety and elegant shape", "Huaiyang snacks in Yangzhou won high praise only from China.", "Beauty Shaw is considered as one of the top ten masters of modern China.", "These masters have been abroad to show their skills to earn much money."]], "questions": ["This passage is most probably taken from  _  .", "Which of the statements is true according to the passage?"], "article": "\"Yangzhou is wonderful! The teahouse is a popular place for local people to treat their important visitors...\"This poem of the Qing Dynasty describes the comfortable life of living in Yangzhou. In Yangzhou, various snacks and refreshments  make each morning a pleasant one.\nFor many years, Yangzhou snakes and refreshments have been well known for their great variety with different fillings and elegant shape. By the Ming and Qing Dynasties, Yangzhou city was praised as \"a place whose pastry  shops were the finest under heaven\". Listening to A Hundred Tunes while Enjoying the View of Jiangnan talks of Huaiyang snacks, \"Huaiyang snacks and refreshments are known for a perfect mixture of freshness and sweetness. Huaiyang snacks in Yangzhou won high praise from both at home and abroad.\nAmong the famous masters making Huaiyang snacks and desserts during the middle of the Qing Dynasty, the most _ was Beauty Shaw in Yizheng country. The snacks she made were said to be as valuable as gold. Yuan Mei, a famous Qing-dynasty writer , wrote in his book The Menu of Sui Garden: \"Outside the south gate of Yizheng country lives Beauty Shaw, who is an expert in making snacks and desserts.\" She is also regarded as one of the top ten masters of ancient China. Yin Changshan, Zhang Guangqing, Dong De'an, Chen Ende and many others are reputed as modern masters. Take Chen Ende for example. He mixed his idea with the traditional cooking skills and recreated the snacks in the Red Mansion Banquet style, which is designed to present the theme and background of A Dream of the Red Mansions .These masters have been abroad many times to show their skills in making Huaiyang-style pastry. With their efforts, Huaiyang-style pastry has become popular at high speed and is showing its charm to the world. The pastry of Fuchun Teahouse is the most outstanding one.", "id": "middle6588.txt"}