{"answers": ["C", "A", "B", "C", "C"], "options": [["When people talk about Olympics, they never think of the sports games.", "The writer got some help from others in getting ready for the competition.", "No one thinks the Olympics has anything to do with science.", "The writer thought the competition was difficult."], ["nervous", "excited", "sad", "bad"], ["you know a lot about biology if you're good at forestry", "it's the first time for the writer to be in the competition", "the writer had to do some experiments in the competition", "the state competition lasted several days"], ["in the morning", "at noon", "in the afternoon", "at night"], ["won the first prize", "lost the state competition", "enjoyed himself", "got 40 different kinds of leaves"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is true?", "The writer felt   _   about the competition.", "We know that   _  .", "The writer took part in the competition   _  .", "The writer   _   at the Science Olympiad."], "article": "When most people think of the Olympics, they don't think of science. But in the USA, each year, students take part in a kind of competition called the Science Olympiad.\nIt has a lot of different events. Students go there to show how much they know about the science of music, biology, chemistry and others. My best event is forestry  . This time, I went to the Olympiad with my school's team. We had worked hard, but this was the state competition. It would be hard to win.\nThe Olympiad was out of town, so we got to ride on a bus and stay in a hotel for a night. The Olympiad was in three big rooms. When we got there, we set up our team's \"camp\" off to one side. The big day had come at last! First, I went to watch the tower building competition. That's when students build small towers and put heavy things on top of it. They hope they can hold them up. One of my schoolmates was putting things on her tower. She was nervous, and in the end it was too heavy for her tower to hold it--it broke! I felt bad for her. After lunch, I helped some teammates with their events. One was geography, and the other was history. I don't know much about those things, so I just watched my teammates do most of the work. At last, it was time for my favorite event--forestry. Another student was also in the forestry event. The rules were easy. We had to look at more than 40 different kinds of leaves and find out which plants they were from. We also had to answer some questions about the uses of each leaf. I knew almost all of the leaves and could answer most of the questions. I had spent more than a month studying on the Internet to get ready. At the end, it was time for the awards  , I was nervous, because the forestry awards were last. We won second place in the whole state! A nice man gave me a medal and smiled at me.\nI had a great time at the Science Olympiad. I can't wait for next year!\nChoose the best answer according to the passage.", "id": "middle6593.txt"}