{"answers": ["A", "D", "B", "B"], "options": [["hit them on the bottom", "try to help them do the right thing", "teach them what to do", "take them to count"], ["It teaches the child to hit others when they hurt his or her feelings.", "The parent may get angry and hit the child too hard.", "Sometimes parents may use spanking for everything.", "It makes parents try other ways to make the child do right."], ["He agrees.", "He disagrees.", "He is interested", "He is not interested."], ["good children always do the right thing", "parents should try their best to keep away from spanking their children", "parents have to spank the children when they do something wrong", "children can have more than one choice not to be spanked"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, when children do something wrong, one thing that parents usually do to punish them is to  _  .", "Which of the following is NOT the problem caused by spanking?", "What does the writer think of spanking?", "From this passage, we can know that  _  ."], "article": "Sometimes children do not do what their parents tell them to do. When this happens, a parent tries to help the child to do the right thing. When this does not work, the parent usually punishes the child.\nThere are many things that a parent can do. One thing that people have done is to spank  the child. When a parent spanks a child, they will use their hand or a hard object to hit them on their bottom. This is meant to show the child that they have done something wrong.\nOne parent remembers being spanked when he was a child. His parents used a stick. When he spanked his own children with his hand, he saw that he put a red mark on his child's leg. He never did that again.\nOne problem with spanking is that it teaches the child to hit someone when they do not like what the other person is doing. Another problem with spanking is that the parent is usually angry and can hit the child too hard. Sometimes parents will use spanking for everything and not try other ways to get the child to do the right thing.\nMany parents are not sure of what to do instead of spanking. Some people think that their religion  tells them that spanking is okay. Some think that the law lets them do it. The courts  say that parents have the right to teach their children how to do things right.\nOther things should be tried before a parent decides to spank a child. Telling the child clearly what is wanted from them can be one thing. Giving a child more than one choice is another thing that can be tried. Getting down to the child's level and trying a more child- friendly way can help as well.", "id": "middle6603.txt"}