{"answers": ["A", "C"], "options": [["He misses his life in his childhood.", "He lives a happy life when he studies at school.", "He enjoys himself during his service days in the army.", "He can share his feelings--happiness and sadness-- with his buddies."], ["Missing my parents and home", "His home he tries to run away from", "A changing concept of home", "A developing home"]], "questions": ["From the passage, which of the following statements is TRUE?", "What is the best title for the passage?"], "article": "To me, the concept  of home changes along with my age all the time.[:]\nIn my childhood, home was a number of calls. It seems that I had more free time than today's children. I didn't have to show up in front of my parents right after school, instead I would go to play with my classmates who lived in the neighborhood. We played like mad until dinner was ready and our parents called \"Come back! Come home for supper!\" Days passed by as I grew up in the _ of those calls which are still echoing  in my ears even now.\nIn a short while, my childhood was gone. When a thin layer of hair  began to grow around the corners of my mouth, home became a place I tried to run away from.\nAs I read more and more, my world opened up, larger than before me. The bed I used to sleep in became too small, and words of care from my parents began to sound meaningless. How I wished I could have a space of my own someday! Later I was joined the army and put on the green uniform. During my service days, home was the series of letters I received one after another. My most homesick moments were when I read those letters from my family.\nWhen I got a job, I began to get \"hurt\", to rise and fall in a sea of people, and to understand that you can't share all your pains with other people, even with your best friends. So again, another wave of homesickness came over me. When I was badly hurt, I imagined myself flying home on wings. Pushing open the door, I let tears flow down my face. At that moment I felt that as large as the world was, what I needed was only the familiar smell of home and the unchanged view outside the window of my old house...\n......\nAlthough I already have much life experience behind me, I know there is still a long way ahead and my concept of home will go on developing. But already I have come to see that home is where we can find the true meaning of all the busy rush life. What makes the concept different is that sometimes it refers to a person's home and sometimes to the home of many, many people.", "id": "middle6610.txt"}