{"answers": ["B", "A", "C"], "options": [["Jacob Grimm", "Charles Perrault", "Wilhelm Grimm", "Christian Andersen"], ["both Cinderella and the Prince enjoy their marriage life", "birds and mice help Cinderella meet the Prince at the ball", "Cinderella wears a gold dress and silver shoes at the festival", "Cinderella plants a small brunch and waters it with her tears"], ["there're many authors who create stories", "there're many different kinds of old stories", "there're different ideas from different authors", "there're different stories by more than one author"]], "questions": ["The first version of the Cinderella story was written by   _  .", "The common part in the two versions of Cinderella mentioned in this passage is that   _  .", "According to the passage, there can be many versions of the same story because   _  ."], "article": "Many of you have heard a Cinderella story, but what you may not know is that there are over a hundred different ways to tell the Cinderella story. Each of these stories is written by a different author. The story of Cinderella has many different versions.\nThe version that most people know is the oldest one written in 1697 by Charles Perrault from France. This is the version where the birds help make Cinderella's dress and the mice turn into carriage men and help Cinderella go to the ball in the pumpkin that turns into a carriage. In this version, many of the animals are Cinderella's friends. They help her meet the Prince, who Cinderella marries, and together they live happily ever after.\nIn another version of this story, written in the 1850s by Jacob and Wilhelm Grimm from Germany, there are birds that help Cinderella throughout the story. Cinderella's mother is not living at the beginning of the story. She visits her mother's grave three times a day to say a prayer for her.\nCinderella's father has given her a brunch when he goes to the festival. She plants the brunch and her tears water the brunch until it grows into a tall tree.\nThe birds now live in the tree and they give Cinderella a dress of gold and silver and slippers of the same colours. Cinderella goes to the festival to meet and dance with the Prince. Later, Cinderella marries the Prince and they have a nice life ever after.\nHave you read other versions of the Cinderella story? More than one author can tell a story in a different way from their viewpoints . That is why there are many versions of the same story.", "id": "middle6663.txt"}