{"answers": ["B", "D", "A", "B", "A"], "options": [["a city", "an organization", "a volunteer", "a school"], ["the homeless", "the sick", "the poor", "the kids"], ["They want to make more friends.", "They want to be helpful.", "It helps them get work experience.", "It can improve their social life."], ["Volunteers need qualifications.", "Volunteers offer their help without any pay.", "Young kids can't be volunteers.", "Some volunteers bring joy to others."], ["The world needs volunteers.", "Mother Teresa was a great volunteer.", "Volunteers do all kinds of work.", "There are different ways of volunteering."]], "questions": ["The Peace Corps is     _     in the United States.", "The word those in the passage means     _    .", "What is NOT the reason for teenagers to be volunteers according to the passage?", "Which of the following is true according to the passage?", "What is the main idea of this passage?"], "article": "In every country, there are thousands of people who want to help out. Many join organizations run   by their governments, for example, the Peace Corps in the United States and Voluntary Service Overseas in Britain. Since the powerful   earthquake took place in Sichuan, more than 200 thousand volunteers across China have been helping there! They do all kinds of work or come up with ways to help improve life. Some offer their professional skills for free. Others have no qualifications  , but they love to work hard to help.\nOne of the most famous volunteers in the world was Mother Teresa. She could be the best volunteer because she gave her life to helping the poorest people of Calcutta. She helped the homeless, cared for the sick, gave out food, and became the mother of those without families.\nNow more and more teenagers actively look for volunteering opportunities, too. They volunteer because they think it will be fun or they will learn something. They also like the idea of being helpful to others, even if it is just handing out books for the teacher. As they get older, these reasons are still the same, but there are other important reasons for volunteering such as learning on-the-job, getting work experience, and improving their social life.\nAll volunteers bring joy to the people they help in so many ways. They might read books to the blind, fix up broken homes, find ways to get water for villages. Could you be a volunteer? What kind of volunteer work could you do? There is someone in the world who needs you.", "id": "middle674.txt"}