{"answers": ["A", "D", "C", "D"], "options": [["a science book", "a sports newspaper", "a travelling magazine", "a detective storybook"], ["Many buildings were ruined.", "Roads and bridges were damaged.", "Many people were hurt or died.", "Lots of animals lost their living areas."], ["All of the supplies in the emergency kit will last at most 3 days.", "A large earthquake in Southern California would destroy food supplies.", "A break in the earth's crust in California is called the San Andreas Fault.", "Lots of people would be without power or water for days after the earthquake."], ["there will be a terrible earthquake in weeks", "the earthquake may cause such serious results", "the coming earthquake will destroy a lot of supplies", "the earthquake is so terrible that we need to be prepared"]], "questions": ["We can probably find this passage in  _  .", "Which of the following isn't mentioned as a result of the \"Loma Prieta Earthquake\"?", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?", "The purpose of this passage is to tell people that  _  ."], "article": "Experts know that a disaster is coming but they do not know when it will happen. They do know that it could cause a lot of damage. They think it will be worse than a hurricane. The disaster they are worried about is an earthquake.\nThere is a break in the earth's crust  . It is called the San Andreas Fault. The San Andreas Fault is in California. Many earthquakes happen along the San Andreas Fault. In 1989 there was a big earthquake on the fault. The earthquake was called the \"Loma Prieta Earthquake\". Many people were hurt or died. Many buildings were ruined. Lots of people lost their homes. Roads and bridges were also damaged.\nA large earthquake could happen in Southern California. Many small earthquakes have happened in the last year. Earthquake experts think that a large earthquake will happen there soon. They think a big earthquake will happen in the next few years.\nThe San Andreas Fault has many power lines stretched across it. There are water channels close to the earthquake fault. A large earthquake in Southern California would destroy energy and water supplies  . Lots of people would be without power or water for weeks. Buildings that have not been built strong enough would be destroyed. Not all hospitals would be able to help people who were injured. Many people would die or be homeless.\nPeople need to be prepared. They need to know what to do if an earthquake happens. Everyone in California should have a survival kit at home. The emergency kit   would include food and water. There should be medication and first aid supplies in the kit. A good survival kit will also have a portable radio, flashlights and spare batteries. All of the supplies in the kit should last at least 3 days.", "id": "middle6822.txt"}