{"answers": ["B", "A", "A", "D"], "options": [["Four.", "Five.", "Six.", "Seven."], ["Make a schedule of your time.", "Find a good study area.", "Take advantage of class time.", "Review the important points."], ["By taking notes in class.", "By concentrating on the subject.", "By listening to everything.", "By discussing with your classmates."], ["To help you solve some problems.", "To make us become better students.", "To discover if you are interested in a subject.", "To show what you have learned about a subject."]], "questions": ["The writer gives you   _   methods to help you in the passage.", "What should you do if you want to plan your time?", "How can we remember what the teacher says?", "What is the purpose of a test according to the writer?"], "article": "How to Be a Better Student\nMaybe you are a common student. You probably think you will never be a top student. This is not necessary so, however. Anyone can become a better student if he or she wants to. Here's how:\nPlan your time carefully. When you plan your week, you should make a list of things that you have to do. After making this list, you should make a schedule of your time. First set your time for eating, sleeping, dressing, etc. Then decide a good, regular time for studying. Don't forget to set aside enough time for entertainment. A weekly schedule may not solve all your problems, but it will force you to realize what is happening to your time.\nFind a good place to study. Look around the house for a good study area. Keep this space, which may be a desk or simply a corner of your room, free of everything but study materials. No games, radios, or television! When you sit down to study, concentrate on the subject.\nMake good use of your time in class. Take advantage of class time to listen to everything the teachers say. Really listening in class means less work later. Taking notes will help you remember what the teacher says.\nStudy regularly. When you get home from school, go over your notes, review the important points that your teacher is going to discuss the next day, read that material. This will help you understand the next class. If you do these things regularly, the material will become more meaningful, and you will remember it longer.\nDevelop a good attitude about tests. The purpose of a test is to show what you have learned about a subject. They help you remember your new knowledge. The world won't end if you don't pass a test, so don't be over worried.\nThere are other methods that might help you with your studying. You will probably discover them after you have tried these.", "id": "middle6913.txt"}