{"answers": ["B", "A"], "options": [["Hobbies and habits.", "Children and pets.", "Sports and games.", "Likes and dislikes."], ["show the important of getting on with neighbors", "teach the basic rules of behaving well at home", "explain the reasons of learning teamwork", "introduce ways of being a better person"]], "questions": ["Which of the following may cause misunderstanding?", "In the passage, the writer tries to   _  ."], "article": "Living next to next is the principle   of a neighbor. Good neighborliness is the ideal to be aimed at. As the saying goes, no man is an island; he has to live with his neighbors. To make life easy and pleasant, he must cooperate with his neighbors.\nWhether one likes it or not, one cannot do without neighbors. Normally one may think he can do without neighbors because he can manage all comforts and services, so the services or the need for a friend may not happen. However, the sympathy  , admiration and appreciation which a neighbor may offer will have a great humanizing influence. To share one's view and sometimes even sadness, one needs some neighbors.\nBut all neighbors are not always keeping the friendly relationship. Stresses and tension   develop because of misunderstanding. Very often children may be the cause for tense feelings. The neighbor's son may pick a flower or a fruit from your garden and an argument may follow. Again he may throw his ball at your window breaking it. These are common cases so far as the younger one is concerned but it is for the elders to view them with calmness and make up for it. This may read easy on paper but not so in real life. But being broad minded, one must be able to tolerate  . Another reason for tension may be the animals. Your neighbor's dog may be a real trouble or his chickens would come into your garden and eat away your plants.\nIn all these cases to keep up good neighborliness, some understanding between the neighbors is important. _ Try to be friendly and the problem will not be difficult to solve. Care can at times play a good part and help the neighbors in a small or big way. Nobody is perfect and it is better not to speak ill of your neighbors. A cheerful word, a nod or a small talk will strengthen the feeling of good neighborliness.\nNeighborliness is not only for people but it is also largely important between neighboring countries. History has got a lot to teach on this. Unless countries learn to live as good neighbors, there cannot be peace on earth. So children must be taught at home and in the school to cooperate with the neighbors and be friendly with them. The basic rule is to give and take and to develop a sense that the other man has as much right as you do, and some degree of tolerance is very necessary.", "id": "middle6918.txt"}