{"answers": ["B", "D"], "options": [["Winning the Nobel Prize", "Promoting mankind's health", "Discovering the artemisinin", "Making contribution to the country"], ["There would be a Chinese national awarded the Nobel Prize", "We'd better have a name came from the Classic of Poetry", "The artemisinin can reduce the death rate of malaria, minimize patients' suffering and promote mankind's health.", "A scientist should devote into scientific research no matter what kind of background he or she comes from."]], "questions": ["What does the writer think science is?", "Tu's winning tells us that  _  ."], "article": "85-year-old Tu is awarded the Nobel Prize for her contribution to reducing the death rate of malaria , minimizing patients' suffering and promoting mankind's health. This is what science is all about.\nTu's name \"Youyou\", came from the Classic of Poetry. The characters depict  the cheerful sounds deer make when calling for mates. Tu's finding has saved millions' lives during the 40 years. This also proves the value of her research product. The moment of joy and satisfaction when she discovered the artemisinin   in 1971 after all kinds of failures in experiments is eternal.\nTu has won some attention when she got the Lasker Award in 2011. But there is no way to compare her popularity back to the attention she is receiving today. She studied at the Peking University Health Science Center, Department of Pharmaceutical Sciences, from 1951 to 1955.\nLet's backtrack to 40 years ago. Tu finished the findings without using any advanced equipment, communication with outside world and papers to research. Nowadays, Chinese scientists have the passion to invent. As Premiere Li Keqiang mentioned in his letter, \"Tu's winning the prize marks China's progress in scientific and technological field\".\nTu's winning will help people come to realize that all those international publications, whether it is the Nobel Prize, SCI publishing, Nature, or Science, are all just gimmicks  of measuring  tools. The sole key is to be oneself and try one's best with confidence. There had been doubts about \"whether there would be a Chinese national awarded the Nobel Prize.\" This sort of doubts is unnecessary. The scientific awards are equal to all, as long as the research findings are good enough.\nThe fact that Tu has none of these three backgrounds also reminds us that science should be more accessible  to all. One shall be able to become a scientist no matter what kind of background he or she comes from, as long as one devotes into scientific research. They work so hard to prove the wrong way so that the future researcher will be closer to the right one.\nArtemisinin and science saved lived around the world. Tu saved the confidence of Chinese scientists, who will care less about whether a Chinese scientist be awarded the Nobel Prize in the future.\n(Translated by Shen Chen and Joanna Law from Commentary << >> , published on People's Daily, Oct.6, 2015)", "id": "middle6933.txt"}