{"answers": ["D", "A", "D", "C"], "options": [["help children go to college", "make children read more books.", "allow children to buy more books", "allow children to make their own decisions"], ["Parents should allow children to make decisions.", "Children could do what they want to do.", "Children could not make decisions for children.", "Parents should make decisions for children."], ["take their kids to the store", "do everything for their kids", "take their kids to take part in activities", "give them more chances to make decisions"], ["all children like snacks in the store", "few parents make decisions for their children", "the kids can learn about how to make decisions", "the passage wants to tell the kids how to be successful"]], "questions": ["The best way to make children happy and successful is to   _   .", "What's the writer's opinion on children's decisions?", "Parents should   _   when their kids are older according to the passage.", "From the passage we can learn   _   ."], "article": "Most parents hope that their children can be happy and successful. But do you know the most powerful way to encourage them to be so? The answer is to allow them to make their own decisions.\nDifferent people have different ideas about children's decision making. Unfortunately , most parents make decisions for their children--what they wear, what they eat and what movies they watch. In fact, it's not good for children's growing.\nChildren should be allowed to make decisions when they are very young. But this doesn't mean they are allowed to do everything. For example, you shouldn't take your children into a convenience store and tell them they can have anything they want. They would be overwhelmed  by the choices. But you can give them a choice among snacks. When children get older, expand   the number of choices you give them. For example, allow them to decide the activities they want to take part in or when they decide to go to bed.\nThe next step is to get your children to think before they act. Ask themselves several important questions. First, why do I want to do this? Second, what are my choices? Third, what are the results of the actions? After the three questions, they are sure to have right decisions.", "id": "middle6935.txt"}