{"answers": ["D", "C"], "options": [["most extracurricular activities take place on weekends", "extracurricular activities help students have same interests", "students feel worthless in extracurricular activities", "extracurricular activities are supervised by adults"], ["extracurricular activities are bad for students' studies", "extracurricular activities help students get enough rest", "students should have a few different extracurricular activities", "students have to take part in many activities to be successful"]], "questions": ["From the passage we can learn that   _  .", "The writer may agree that   _  ."], "article": "Extracurricular  School Activities\nMany schools today provide various extracurricular activities. Some activities are before school, some are after school, and a few may even take place on weekends. Many parents like their children to take part in these activities. Yet some parents are still a little _ it. Actually, these activities have many advantages for students. It is a wise choice for parents to allow students to get involved in extracurricular activities at school. It can help students to develop many working skills, people skills, and more.\nWhen students get involved in extracurricular activities, they get involved in different interests. These activities allow them to develop various interests that they may have.\nIt also helps to raise the self-esteem  of students. Many students feel worthless or there is nothing they are good at. Everyone wants to find something that they are really good at, and extracurricular activities provide the opportunity for them.\nStudents can also learn relationship skills. They need to get involved in social activities and learn how to act properly in social situations. These activities give them a chance outside of school to do this, while they are still supervised  by adults.\nOf course, while there are many excellent benefits of extracurricular activities for students, you need to consider how much is too much. It can be a great choice to get involved in a few different activities, but too many activities can have negative  effects. If students take part in too many activities, they often have problems in their studies. They may not get enough rest. They may not have time to relax. It's important for students to set some limits to extracurricular activities. Students can pick out a couple of their favorites and make sure they can handle  them. Some kids feel like they have to take part in many activities to be a success, and this is not good to them.\nWhen students get involved in extracurricular activities, there are certainly excellent benefits that they'll enjoy. They are doing it for their future success. It's important that students don't try to \"do it all\".", "id": "middle6964.txt"}