{"answers": ["C", "C", "D"], "options": [["The writer didn't lose any weight in the end.", "The writer didn't climb the Mayan pyramid.", "The writer didn't take part in the big marathon.", "The writer didn't have holiclays with his family."], ["Clever and friendly.", "Interesting and proud.", "Humorous and hopeful.", "Kind and strong - willed."], ["one should never give up half way", "setting a goal is the key to success", "one can learn by making and correcting mistakes", "trying but failing to reach the goal is still meaningful"]], "questions": ["What can you leam from the passage?", "Which words can best describe the writer in the passage?", "The writer probably agrees that  _  ."], "article": "Success by failure\nI had failed again. It was the day of the big marathon. I had decided three years ago to train for the half-marathon event and take home a medal. There I sat, in front of my TV, while I watched others cross the finish line. It was just another in a long string   of failures. I had never met a single weight loss or fitness goal and I was majoring in the art of failing.\nWe are a family of exploration and often plan active vacations. It seemed that on every vacation I was the one who couldn't go the distance. Each time I urged   my family, \"Go on without me. Bring me lots of pictures and videos. I'll be fine just sitting here taking in the view. \" I lied. Sick of being left behind, I decided that it would never happen again. Sure I was in my 50s, but surely there was still hope for me. I always spent weeks walking to prepare for our active vacations. I had lost weight many times. I just always seemed to fail to get where I needed to be.\nBut this time I would do something different. I was going to walk a half marathon. Surely 1 would lose weight and get in shape if I could complete over 12 miles in four hours. Besides, this would be training. Training sounded cooler than diet and exercise. _ and ready to go. I bought the proper gear   , checked out what type of drinks would be handed out at the marathon and prepared a lot. I had a plan!\nNow two years later, there I sat, watching thousands of people of all ages succeed where I had failed. I walked out, angry with myself, sat down and had myself a pity party. I was a master at the art of pity parties, having a great deal of experience in holding them. What was my problem? Where was I going wrong? I stopped and considered each failure, one by one. I made some very interesting discoveries.\nI had failed to climb to the top of that Mayan pyramid, but I did climb it and stood on those ancient stones. I had failed to meet a single weight loss goal and yet I had lost 43 pounds. I couldn't walk 12 miles in four hours, but I could walk 12 miles.\nAll my failures were sounding like a success story. This time I was giving thanks. I was thankful that I had been given the spirit of failure because failure meant that I was trying, that I didn't give up. I decided that I would be crossing the finish line next year.", "id": "middle6966.txt"}