{"answers": ["C", "D"], "options": [["The writer made himself a smaller canoe in his sixth year on the island.", "The writer made fields with high fences to keep many wild goats in.", "The writer didn't try to escape because he had two homes on the island.", "The writer knew the canoe was too small for a long journey across the sea."], ["kept goats in the fields", "escaped from the island", "built houses by himself", "survived on the island"]], "questions": ["Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage?", "This story is mainly about how the writer  _  ."], "article": "During all this time, I never stopped thinking about escape . When I travelled across to the other side of the island, I could see the other islands, and I said to myself, \"Perhaps I can get there with a boat. Perhaps I can get back to England one day.\"\nSo I decided to make myself a boat. I cut down a big tree, and then began to make a long hole in it. It was hard work, but about six months later, I had a very fine canoe . Next, I had to get it down to the sea. How silly I was! Why didn't I think carefully before I began to work? Of course, the canoe was too heavy. I couldn't move it! I pulled and pushed and tried everything, but it didn't move. I was very unhappy for a long time after that.\nIn my sixth year on the island, I did make myself a smaller canoe, but I did not try to escape in it. The boat was too small for a long journey, and I did not want to die at sea. The island was my home now, and I was just happy to be alive. A year or two later, I made myself a second canoe on the other side of the island. I also built myself a second house there, and so I had two homes.\nI kept food and tools at both of my houses, and also wild goats. There were many goats on the island, and I made fields with high fences to keep them in. They learnt to take food from me, and soon I had goats' milk to drink every day. I also worked hard in my corn fields. And so, many years went by.", "id": "middle6982.txt"}