{"answers": ["A", "B"], "options": [["A field", "A hospital", "A library", "A restaurant"], ["If smoking is banned, work productivity will increase.", "If smoking is banned, the number of teen smokers will be larger.", "If smoking is banned, it will make the environment become better.", "If smoking is banned, smokers will learn how to live without smoking."]], "questions": ["_  doesn't belong to a non-smoking place.", "Which of the following statements in NOT true?"], "article": "Smoking in indoor public places including public working places, public transport vehicles and some other special outdoor working places has been banned in China since January 2011. Let's look at the following advantages of banning smoking.\nFirst, banning smoking will not only help in saving smokers from health problems and diseases, but will also be good for passive smokers. When the smoker is smoking in a restaurant, the people around him are sure to breathe in the smoke and suffer from the diseases an active smoker gets. If smoking is banned, spread of these diseases can be controlled.\nNext, banning smoking will put stress on smokers to give up. Since a smoker is prevented from smoking, he will learn how to live without smoking for long hours. When a smoker doesn't smell or see anybody around him smoking, it might reduce his wish to smoke too. As a result, people have to give up smoking.\nSmoking in public places influences non-smokers to start smoking, especially _ . When teens see people around them smoking, they will follow them easily. Thus the number of teen smokers will increase. Also asthma and other problems are often seen in children living around smokers. So if it is banned, these places will become safe for children and teenagers.\nSmoking should be banned to increase work productivity . Employees who smoke usually take breaks to smoke while working. So the number of hours they put in their work is smaller.\nIf you see from the environment point of view, smoking should be banned. Smoking causes air pollution. If it is banned, it will help keep the environment from getting worse.", "id": "middle7010.txt"}