{"answers": ["C", "C", "A"], "options": [["make us fat and clever", "make us very rich", "give us healthy things", "help us keep young"], ["cows can also produce cheese for people", "cakes can be made with the powdered milk", "sheep and camels provide people with milk too", "milk can make people not only strong but also rich"], ["People can use as much as 45 liters of milk a day.", "Milk is a completely good food for people's health", "Many other foods can be made with the products of milk", "Mothers' milk is the best food for babies in their early months."]], "questions": ["People need milk because it can  _", "From the passage, we can learn that  _", "Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?"], "article": "Milk is the most complete food in the world. It has many things that we need to help us grow. It can give us energy and good health. Milk is a food enjoyed by people of all ages as we can easily _ it.\nMilk is produced by all mother animals to feed their babies after they are born. Some such as cows produce more milk than their young ones need, so the extra milk is used by people. Nowadays, baby cows are often taught to eat solid food earlier, so that we can use most of the cow's milk. A cow can produce as much as 45 liters of milk a day. She will give good milk if she is fed on rich grass. Many products can be made from cow's milk. The simplest is cream, which is made from the fat of the milk. Butter is made from cream. Cream is also used for making cakes and other foods. Another common milk product is cheese. Cow's milk can be also turned into powdered milk.\nIn countries where cows are not raised, people get milk from other animals. The buffalo gives milk to the people of India. In China, Iran and Turkey, a large number of sheep and goats are kept for their milk. And many Arabs drink camel's milk. For babies, however, the best of all is their mother's milk which is given to them during their first few months of life.", "id": "middle7019.txt"}