{"answers": ["C", "A", "D", "C", "B"], "options": [["Using a telephone was expensive.", "Phone calls were much shorter.", "People made fewer phone calls.", "People relied on notes a lot."], ["Life was less convenient.", "People were more punctual.", "Things were more relaxed.", "Everyone managed very well."], ["They have damaged relationships.", "We give out too much information.", "They are harmful to our body and mind.", "It's impossible to escape from them."], ["Disappointed.", "Satisfied.", "Worried.", "Surprised."], ["To inform people about means of communication in the past.", "To show disadvantages of the way people communicate today.", "To advise readers to stop using the mobile phone.", "To compare different types of phone conversation."]], "questions": ["What's the writer's point about using telephones before the invention of mobile phones?", "What does the writer think about life before mobile phones?", "What's the writer's main argument against mobile phones?", "Which word best describes how the writer feels about the use of mobile phones.'?", "What's the writer's main purpose in writing this article?"], "article": "Once upon a time if we wanted to make a phone call or wait for someone to contact us, we had to sit at home or at our desks. There were public phones in the street of course, _ . And of course you had to bring a lot of coins to pay for the calls.\nSo people didn't phone their friends as often. Mobile phones, these small pieces of electronic equipment which allow us to talk with friends and family while we are on the move, have greatly changed the way we live. Before the age of the mobile phone, our loved ones would sit around worried sick if we were late coming home. There were no quick calls to tell mum that there would be additional guests coming for dinner. We would have to depend on notes left on fridges or desks to communicate messages.\nBut mobile phones have also had a negative effect and what people don't seem to realize is that we've lost something very valuable: our privacy. Now our friends and family can contact us wherever and whenever they want to. We can never get away from them. The way people communicate with each other is totally different now. It's difficult to have a conversation face-to-face with a friend without being disturbed every couple of minutes by the ring of their phones, ,most people don't see anything wrong in having a long conversation on their mobile phone while forgetting all about the person sitting opposite. It seems the art of real conversation may be dying.\nOf course, people could leave their mobile phones at home or even switch them off but no one ever does that. Why not? Because the worrying thing is we can't live without our phones. We've become communication addicts, unable to spend even a few minutes out of contact, in case we miss something  'important'.", "id": "middle7045.txt"}