{"answers": ["D", "B", "C", "B"], "options": [["He liked him.", "He disliked him.", "He thought his stepfather was a good man.", "He neither liked nor disliked him."], ["he didn't know how to spend his time", "he wanted to improve his relationship with Bradley", "he wanted to show what he could do well in", "he wanted to teach Bradley as a father"], ["Zach had never been happy before", "Zach was not easy to get along with", "Zach found hope in what he had done", "Zach shared the same hobby with Bradley"], ["What Zach did in his spare time.", "How Zach got on well with his stepson.", "Zach taught Bradley how to play golf.", "Zach was good at driving and playing golf."]], "questions": ["How did Bradley like his stepfather at first?", "The reason why Zach tried to get along with Bradley is that   _  .", "The last sentence in the passage implies that   _  .", "What's the main idea of the passage?"], "article": "Zach has a stepson, Bradley. One day, Zach drove over to meet Bradley. Bradley was a student in a high school. He neither liked nor disliked Zach, even though he had known Zach for three years. Zach was still trying to get along with Bradley. He told Bradley that he was coming over. Bradley said OK. When Zach got there, he asked if Bradley wanted to drive his car. Bradley had a driver's _ . Bradley said all right. Zach told him not to drive too fast, but he could drive anywhere he wanted. Bradley got on the 210 Road and headed northwest. Zach gave Bradley a few driving tips: Don't drive next to big cars; don't drive behind trucks with goods...\nOn their way back, Zach suggested that they stop at the golf course . He wanted to show Bradley how to play golf. But Bradley didn't like it; he liked his video games. However, Bradley soon found that playing golf was fun and he did very well. The next day, Bradley, for the first time, called Zach. Bradley asked if Zach would come the next Saturday, so they could take a drive and go to the golf course again. Zach said yes, with a happy feeling in his heart.", "id": "middle7055.txt"}