{"answers": ["D", "D", "A", "C"], "options": [["there are too many people who want to make friends", "they don't know friendship is something serious", "those who give others friendships receive friendships from others", "they don't return friendship to each other."], ["as important as money", "more important than anything else", "something countable", "the base of a friendship"], ["A friend who gives you his lunch money is a true friend.", "Always tell your friend the truth.", "Discussing your problems with your friend often helps to solve the problem.", "Sharing your mind with your friend is very valuable."], ["A Friend in Need Is a Friend Indeed", "Honesty Is the Best Habit", "How to Be a Friend", "Three Important Points in Life"]], "questions": ["Some friendships don't last very long because  _  .", "According to the passage ,honesty is  _  .", "Which of the following is NOT true in the passage?", "The best title of this passage is  _  ."], "article": "Too many people want others to be their friends, but they don't give friendship  back. That is why some friendships don't last  very long. To have a friend, you must learn to treat  your friend the way you want your friend to treat you. Learning to be a good friend means learning three rules: be honest; be generous;be understanding.\nHonesty means being honest. It is where a good friendship starts. Friends must be able to trust one another. If you don't tell the truth, people usually find out. If a friend finds out that you haven't been honest, you may lose your friend's trust. Good friends always count on  one another to speak and act honestly.\nGenerosity means sharing and sharing makes a friendship grow. You don't have to give your friend your lunch money or your clothes, or enjoy your hobbies and interests together. Naturally you will want to share your ideas and feelings. These can be very valuable  to a friend. They tell your friend what is important to you. By sharing them, you help your friend know you better.\nSooner or later everyone needs understanding and help with a problem. Something may go wrong at school. Talking about the problem can make it easier to solve . Turning to a friend can be a first step in solving the problem. So to be a friend, you must listen and understand. You must try to put yourself in your friend's place, so you can understand the problem better.\nNo two friendships are ever exactly alike  . But all true friendships have three things in common . If you plan to keep your friendships, you must practice honesty,Generosity and understanding.", "id": "middle7060.txt"}