{"answers": ["B", "D", "A", "C"], "options": [["Gardeners of the companies.", "People in the community.", "Sponsors in the community.", "People from the government."], ["it was a good way to learn gardening", "they liked fresh vegetables and flowers", "it helped them get more experience", "they wanted to solve the problems"], ["Theypay for the supplies.", "They clean community gardens.", "They provide classes.", "They give poor people vegetables."], ["The relationship of neighbours.", "The future of community gardens.", "The introduction of community gardens.", "The experiments in community gardens."]], "questions": ["Who plant the community gardens?", "People started to plant community gardens because  _  .", "What do sponsors do for community gardens?", "What is the passage mainly about?"], "article": "Have you ever walked down a city street and suddenly seen a bright garden full of vegetables and flowers?\nIt may be a community garden. The community gardens are planted by the people in the community. They are not just pretty places. They improve the neighborhoods.\nPeople first started planting these gardens during the 1970s. At that time, the price of vegetables and fruits was rising. In many city neighborhoods, crime  was increasing. There were also many other problems. People decided to get together to plant gardens to fight against these problems. The gardeners thought they might make the area more beautiful and improve people's life.\nThese gardeners were right! Community gardens have many benefits. They improve their neighbourhoods. They also make people feel they belong to the community. When people work together in a garden, they feel they are connected with each other. People work on a small area within the garden. They grow vegetables or fruits. Each person decides what he or she is going to grow. However, they also work together to help each other. Some members have gardening experience. They can help those who are just learning how to grow vegetables and fruits.\nSometimes, garden members pay for supplies. The supplies usually include small plants and tools. Many community gardens have sponsors . They pay for the supplies for the gardens. It helps to keep the gardens going every year. Sponsors may be parks, schools and local companies. Some groups want to be a part of the community. They help clean up and beautify a neighborhood. They also pay for the supplies.\nCommunity gardens give people a chance to work together. They can make the community stable . There are many programs of community gardens. Some gardens provide programs for children and elder people. They may provide classes. They may give the vegetables and fruits to poor people. Community gardens also improve air.\nToday there are about 10,000 community gardens in cities in the US. They have become popular because of their benefits. People enjoy having vegetables and flowers in their neighborhoods.", "id": "middle7078.txt"}