{"answers": ["A", "D", "C", "C"], "options": [["To help make flour from wheat.", "To help get water from the river.", "To help make electric lights.", "To help dig wells in faraway areas."], ["In the 1100s", "In the 1940s", "In the 1970s", "In the 1800s"], ["Because coal and gas had been used up.", "Because it was cheaper to produce electricity.", "Because it's cleaner than other sources.", "Because it could only be used in faraway areas."], ["The clean and rich wind power", "Windmills were used everywhere", "The development of the wind power", "Windmills and the heavy pollution"]], "questions": ["What did people use windmills to do for many centuries?", "When were the windmills used to produce electricity in some places?", "Why was wind rediscovered during the 1970s?", "What is the best title for this passenger?"], "article": "Think about the different ways that people use the wind. You can use it to fly a kite or to sail a boat. Wind is one of our cleanest and richest power sources, as well as one of the oldest. Something shows that windmills  began to be used in ancient Iran back in the seventh century BC. They were first introduced to Europe during the 1100s, when armies returned from the Middle East with knowledge of using wind power.\nFor many centuries, people used windmills to make wheat into flour  or get water from deep underground. When electricity was discovered in the late 1800s, people living in faraway areas began to use them to produce electricity. This allowed them to have electric lights and radio. However, by the 1940s when electricity was available to people in almost all areas of the United States, windmills were hardly used.\nDuring the 1970s, people started becoming more cared about the pollution that is created when coal and gas are burned to produce electricity. People also realized that the supply of coal and gas would run out one day. Then, wind was rediscovered, though it means higher costs. Today, there is a global movement to supply more and more of our electricity through the use of wind", "id": "middle7099.txt"}