{"answers": ["D", "B"], "options": [["Don't consider the needs of others.", "Pay more attention to their children.", "Develop closer relationships with their children.", "Discuss and solve problems together with their children."], ["Advantages and Disadvantages", "Changing Views on Singleparent Families", "Best Lifestyle for Children", "Comparing Two Types of Family"]], "questions": ["How can single parents make their children feel more needed and valued?", "Which of the following may be the best title for this passage?"], "article": "In the opinion of many people, the twoparent family is the correct way to raise children. Traditionally, this has been as the most natural way, but singleparent families have had to face prejudices  against their lifestyle. However, the singleparent family is the fastest growing type of family. In the United States, a national survey showed that at least 50% of children will be members of a singleparent family. So we think it is important to throw prejudices away and to see the advantages of singleparent families.\nWhen compared to twoparent families, singleparent families are usually at a disadvantage in some ways. They are often in short of money, and children receive less attention. What's more, single parents can find themselves under too much pressure  of both work and home. Despite  these disadvantages, it is possible for singleparent families to look for support from friends, schools, communities or other organizations. They need to remember that nobody can do it alone.\nSurprisingly, singleparent families also have some advantages over twoparent families. Single parents have greater flexibility  in spending time with children, because they don't have to consider the needs of a husband or wife. So they can develop closer relationships with their children. Another advantage comes from the fact that single parents often work together with their children to solve problems, which makes children feel more needed and valued.\nIt's important to remember that singleparent families have, until now suffered prejudices from some people. They think that it's easier for the children in singleparent families to drop out of school in teens, and to be jobless in their early twenties. But, with the support from friends, schools and communities, singleparent families become more accepted by society, and this situation is certain to improve. In the future we will probably see these prejudices disappear.", "id": "middle714.txt"}