{"answers": ["A", "D"], "options": [["Be your true self rather than follow others.", "Don't copy others or you can't be the first class.", "Make efforts to be the first instead of the second.", "Don't learn from others unless they're excellent."], ["Honesty can be of great help.", "A bad thing can be turned into a good one.", "Helping others cheat can do good to nobody.", "One should realize the wrong in his bad deeds."]], "questions": ["Which of the following can best explain Judy Garland's words?", "What does the author expect to show by Jeff's story?"], "article": "Honesty comes in many forms. First there's self-honesty. Is what people see the real article or do you appear through smoke and mirrors? I find that if I try to be something I'm not, I feel unsure of myself and take out a part from my PBA (personal bank account). I love how singer Judy Garland put it, \"Always be a first-class version   of yourself, instead of a second-class version of somebody else.\"\nThen there's honesty in our actions. Are you honest at school, with your parents, and with your boss? If you've ever been dishonest, I think we all have. Try being honest, and notice how well it makes you feel. Remember, you can't do wrong and feel right. This story by Jeff is a good example of that: In my second year of study, there were three kids in my math class who didn't do well. I was really good at it. I would charge them three dollars for each test that I helped them pass. I'd write on a little piece of paper all the right answers, and hand them off.\nAt first I felt like I was making money, kind of a nice job. I wasn't thinking about how it could hurt all of us. After a while I realized I shouldn't do that anymore, because I wasn't really helping them. They weren't learning anything, and it would only get harder down the road. Cheating certainly wasn't helping me.\nIt takes courage to be honest when people all around you are getting away with cheating on tests, lying to their parents, and stealing at work. But, remember, every act of honesty is a deposit   into your PBA and will build strength.", "id": "middle7143.txt"}