{"answers": ["A"], "options": [["to suggest we should keep up with the times", "to show us the future of modern Olympics", "to prove that the athletes have done better", "to introduce high-tech sports equipment"]], "questions": ["The purpose of the writer in writing this article is   _  ."], "article": "It's hard to believe how times have changed since the first modern Olympics were held in Athens, Greece, on 6th April 1896. Over one hundred years ago, there was very little reliance(dependence)on modern technology. There were no landing mats , no stopwatches and no photo finishes. In fact, cameras and stopwatches were not used until the 1932 Olympic Games in Los Angeles, the USA.\nToday technology has completely revolutionized(changed) sports. Take sports equipment for example. Starting blocks are now equipped with electronic pressure sensors , which provide exactly correct race time and also help to catch runners who \"jump the gun\". As athletes cross the finishing line, special digital cameras can also easily decide the winner. The clays of \" _ \" are gone.\nAthletes have also benefited  from technological developments. Body-hug-ging suits, which reduce  wind drag, can help cut up to one-tenth of a second from runners' race times. Top athletes are even provided with tailor-made sports shoes. These shoes are made to fit the athlete exactly--and there are even air compartments in the shoes that can be filled to meet each runner's individual needs.\nTechnology has also changed the way that many sports are performed. Take one example--the pole vault . The inclusion of a landing mat obviously made a big difference to the vaulting style as athletes no longer needed to worry about hurting themselves as they fell. Without these worries, athletes could obviously jump higher. These days, polevaulters do not even need to worry about the crossbar as the uprights are now fitted with light-emitting diodes(LEDs) that measure  how high the athlete vaulted. Technology has even been to the advantage of swimmers. New pools have been designed to reduce wave interference and sports scientists have even developed a new style of swimming that increases buoyancy and reduces drag in the water.\nThe increasing importance of these technological developments has led many sportsmen to suggest that the \"Olympic spirit\" is being lost in a rush to break records and win medals. Many developing countries say that technology has become too important in sport and that athletes from developing countries that cannot afford such technology are disadvantaged. There are no easy answers but one thing is sure--we cannot turn back time. Technology cannot go backwards.", "id": "middle7145.txt"}