{"answers": ["C", "A", "B"], "options": [["We will no more get hurt because of heavy batteries.", "High-tech fabrics serve as a kind of protection for soldiers.", "A soft helmet will become strong when you hit into something.", "Future clothing keeps us away from dirty things and bacteria."], ["You can get electronic energy from your clothes in the future.", "Self-cleaning coats are developed for American scientists.", "We will no longer use fabrics made from oil in the future.", "The future high-tech clothing will be used only for soldiers."], ["Fashion Changes with Technology", "Tomorrow's High-tech Clothing", "New Technologies Change the World", "What We Will Wear in the Future"]], "questions": ["How can high-tech fabrics protect people from danger?", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the article?", "What would be the best title of the passage?"], "article": "Fashion always keeps at least one eye on the future. Now scientists are lending a hand, developing tomorrow's super-powered clothing such as coats that can recharge  your MP3 player and make you stronger.\nFor example, electronics could get recharged in the future simply by plugging  them into your outer wear, because Australian researchers are designing clothing that can collect energy from a person. The coats would include small things that change vibration energy from a person's movements into electricity. High-tech fabrics would carry this energy to batteries .\n\"It will look like an ordinary(common)coat but have super energy,\" said Adam Best, an Australian head research scientist. \" _ has important uses for soldiers in the field and could mean they no longer need to carry heavy batteries,'' Best added. \"Above all, they'd be wearing the battery, not carrying it.\" Besides helping soldiers, these coats could also have common uses for common people, such as powering radios, mobile phones, MP3 players or medical things. Solar-powered handbags could do the same thing.\nThanks to self-cleaning fabrics developed by scientists working for the U. S. Air Force, underwear and sports clothing could go weeks without washing. The general idea of clothes that never get dirty can be found in the 1951 film The Man in the White Suit. The new technology helps keep off water, oil and bacteria .\nHigh-tech fabrics could also help serve as protection. For example, future fabrics could lead to soft helmets that turn hard in an accident.\nNot all the possible fabrics of tomorrow are necessarily high-tech. For example, chicken feathers  and other things of the farming industry could get changed into wool-like fabrics or cotton-like ones, helping use fewer fabrics made from oil.\nScientific development is also creating wool that doesn't become bigger or smaller after washing. And future clothing could help soldiers shoulder heavy bags and help people walk. But not all electronic coats have such uses--some might serve as video game players with high technology and the latest fashion joined together perfectly.\nThe world of fashion is set to be taken by high-tech clothing that works as you wear!", "id": "middle7147.txt"}