{"answers": ["B", "C", "A", "C"], "options": [["After school was over.", "Between classes the next day.", "Before it was time to hand it in.", "Every night."], ["Because it had a specific list.", "Because it wasn't a good idea.", "Because it brought her too much pressure.", "Because she was too lazy."], ["The things she shouldn't do.", "The things she had to get done.", "The things she could do if she had time.", "The things she wanted to do."], ["Facing challenges", "Concentrating on lessons.", "Balancing study and play", "Creating the timetable."]], "questions": ["At first, when did the writer always finish her homework?", "Why did the writer follow the first timetable only for a few days?", "What wasn't included in the writer's second time plan?", "Which do you think is the best title of the passage?"], "article": "In general, it's hard to spend enough time in both concentrating on lessons and taking part in social activities. But I wanted to succeed in both. I knew this would be a challenge but I didn't realize how difficult it was until my classes in the high school began.\nI got on well with other girls. After school, I often had ice cream with them first instead of finishing my homework before it was time to hand it in. I always finished it the next day between classes. I knew it wasn't very good and the grades that I get showed I was not hard-working enough. I realized that I needed to find some kind of balance.\nSo I created a timetable that would divide my time between studying and relaxing. It was a good idea but I was only able to follow it for a few days because it made me under too much pressure.\nLater, I tried another plan. Each week I listed everything that I had to get done during the week and the time by which I had to get it done. Then under the things I had to do, I made another list of things that I could do if I had time.\nIt worked really well. Ever since I have never missed any important things. At the same time, I enjoyed my spare time a lot.\nPlanning my time has been challenging, but I continue to do it. I'm glad that I've learned to balance things and it has helped prepare for what is coming after graduation.", "id": "middle7152.txt"}