{"answers": ["D", "A"], "options": [["Only a few people changed their lifestyle in the 20th century.", "There was no clean water for people to drink by the year 2200.", "All the fish died because of the pollution by the year 2300.", "We found a new home in another planet by the year 2400."], ["Stop polluting", "Change or leave", "Look for new home", "Return to the earth"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is NOT true?", "What's the best title of the passage?"], "article": "Ladies and gentlemen, I returned to this year in a time machine. In the year 2500, we are able to travel through time to any year in the history of the earth. This year is your last chance your lifestyle to save the earth.\nBeginning in the middle of the 20th century, a few people were worried about polluting the earth's water and air, but most people did not change their way of life. Instead, they continued to pour  dangerous chemical  and other waste into lakes and seas, to drive more and more cars and trucks, and to cut down trees.\nBy the year 2200, the earth's water was completely polluted. People could no longer drink water, and they had to use other types of liquids . Scientists said that in the future there might be too many people on the earth. But not enough was done.\nSo by the year 2300, there were so many people that food became scarce. There was no water to grow food and all of the fish in lakes and seas died because of pollution. Terrible wars broke out between the rich and the poor. Scientists were working very hard to find another planet in space where humans could live.\nBy the year 2400, the air was too polluted for humans to breathe. So we had to leave the earth. But only the rich were able to leave. Where did we go? Nowhere. And everywhere. You see scientists did not find another safe planet, so now we must travel around the universe in our space ships. We are still looking for a place to call our home.\nSo it is up to you to change history. There is still hope. You must change your lifestyle now, before it is too late.", "id": "middle7158.txt"}