{"answers": ["C", "A", "B", "B"], "options": [["About ten years ago.", "About twenty years ago.", "About thirty years ago.", "About forty years ago."], ["poor but beautiful", "rich and beautiful", "poor but big", "rich and developed"], ["a lake", "a river", "a forest", "a grassland"], ["The streets have been widened.", "More factories, schools, hospitals, cinemas and airports have been built.", "There are more and more cars and buses in the streets.", "Tall buildings, big department stores and factories have been built."]], "questions": ["When did the writer leave his hometown?", "How was the writer's hometown in the old days?", "What is outside the town?", "As for the changes of the town, which of the following is NOT TRUE according to the passage?"], "article": "I used to live in a small town with trees all around. It is about thirty years since I left my hometown. But I still remember what it was exactly like. And I often \"see\" it in many of my dreams. My hometown is a beautiful place. It stands beside a wide river and is rich in fish and rice.\nBut in the old days it was a poor and backward little town. Many people had no work. They lived a hard life. There was no tall building and the only street was narrow. But trees and flowers made the town beautiful. Just outside the town, there was a river. You could see different kinds of fish swimming in the clear water. People here lived a simple life.\nSince a new policy  was taken by the government, great changes have taken place there. The streets have been widened. Factories, schools, hospitals, cinemas and theatres have been built one after another. People's life is greatly improved. You can see tall buildings, big department stores and factories everywhere. Different kinds of cars and buses are running in the wide streets.\nBut with the development of the industry , we have fewer trees. Air and water pollution is becoming more and more serious. And there are also other problems. We should try our best to make it richer. At the same time, we must do something to stop pollution and make our town even more beautiful.", "id": "middle7163.txt"}