{"answers": ["B", "A", "D", "C"], "options": [["China", "India", "America", "Britain"], ["The tea was much cheaper.", "The tea was a lot healthier.", "They could buy it more easily.", "They didn't want to support the British."], ["It reduced the price of its tea.", "It improved the taste of its tea.", "It introduced a new kind of tea.", "It asked the British government for help."], ["Tea trade in eighteenth-century America.", "The relationship between America and Britain.", "A reason for the start of the American Revolutionary War.", "The introduction of British tea-drinking habits into America."]], "questions": ["In the early 1700s where did most tea drunk in America come from?", "Why did may Americans begin to buy tea from the Dutch traders?", "What did the East India Company do to stop losing money?", "What is the passage mainly about?"], "article": "It may be hard to believe, but the American Revolution --the war that freed the American states from British control--began over a cup of tea. Tea was not the only thing that caused the war, of course, but it played a very big part.\nThe British people's love of tea is well-known. When the British won control over mush of North America in the early 1700s, they brought their tea- drinking habits with them. Tea quickly became the continents most popular drink. As tea could not be grown locally, just as in Britain, it was shipped into the country--mostly from India.\nIn the early 1700s, the Britain government made a special deal with the East India Company, as an English trading company. They agreed that no other company was allowed to bring tea to Britain or any country controlled by Britain, including America. It was a great deal for the East India Company, since it meant that the company could decide whatever price it wanted for its products. And _ always decided on a high price!\nIn North America, the local people did not like having to pay such high prices. Instead of overpaying for tea from the British, they turned to Dutch traders, who secretly brought tea to the country that was just as good--and much less expensive. Although this broke the law, the American people didn't care. They got the same cup of tea at a much lower price.\nThe East India Company, however, didn't like this at all. By the 1760s, they were losing millions of pounds each year to Dutch traders--a huge amount of money in a time when PS60 a year was considered a good income. Instead of reducing their prices to compete with the Dutch, the company asked the British government for help and the government agreed.\nIn 1767, the British introduced new law that increased the prices of all goods which were brought into America. These laws helped make the East India Company even richer and forced local people to pay much more for everything. The American leaders asked the British government not to do so, but the British refused to listen. These unfair laws increased Americans' anger about British rule and the rest, as they say, is history.", "id": "middle7168.txt"}