{"answers": ["A", "D", "C", "B"], "options": [["Because there are too many rocks there.", "Because it is the longest of all the beaches.", "Because few people like to go there.", "Because the beach is dirty there."], ["Visit Lu Xun Park.", "Eat sea food.", "Go to Qingdao Polar Ocean World.", "All of the above."], ["Qingdao is in the southeast of Shandong Province", "No. 6 Beach is the longest of all the beaches.", "There are six beaches in Qingdao.", "You can see polar bears in Qingdao Polar Ocean World."], ["Welcome to Qingdao International Beer Festival.", "Qingdao--a beautiful seaside city.", "Welcome to Qingdao beaches.", "Traveling to Qingdao."]], "questions": ["Why isn't No. 1 Beach the best one?", "What can you do near the beaches?", "Which of the following is NOT true?", "What is the best title for the passage?"], "article": "Have you ever been to Qingdao, a beautiful seaside city in the southeast of Shandong Province? There is the blue sea and clear air there. And it is also one of the most beautiful cities in China.\nQingdao has the largest bathing beach in Asia. It holds Qingdao International Beer Festival  every year. There are many interesting places to visit in Qingdao. But Qingdao beaches are the most fantastic places.\nThere are nine beaches in Qingdao. No 1 Beach is the largest one, but it is not the best beach because there are too many rocks there and the sand is not the most beautiful. The best beach in Qingdao is No. 6 Beach. And it is also the longest of all the beaches and has beautiful yellow sand.\nThere are also a few interesting things you can do near the beaches, such as visiting Lu Xun Park, eating sea food in a restaurant or visiting Qingdao Polar Ocean World.\nMany People prefer to visit Qingdao Polar Ocean World. There you can see lots of animals from the sea, such as whales, dolphins, seals, sea lions and polar bears. It's so great and interesting that every year lots of people, especially children must come here when they visit Qingdao.", "id": "middle7181.txt"}