{"answers": ["C", "D", "A", "C"], "options": [["unpleasantly in the US", "joyfully in the US", "unpleasantly in Europe", "joyfully in Europe"], ["Because people can buy some discounted goods there.", "Because people can feel less homesick there.", "Because it's an old Christmas tradition.", "Because they offer goods from the hometown of the people."], ["It's great for children to have some unique traditions.", "People should join in all kinds of clubs to celebrate Christmas.", "People should give up traditions which are stupid in other people's eyes.", "It is popular to celebrate Christmas on the 24th around the world."], ["express love to them", "follow the tradition", "ask for some ornaments", "set an example for children"]], "questions": ["The author spent his 14th Christmas   _  .", "Why does the author advise people to hunt in some special stores?", "Which of the following statements does the author agree with?", "The writer suggests giving a call to parents on Christmas mainly to   _  ."], "article": "When I spent Christmas away from home in Europe for the first time, I was only 14 and it was absolutely terrible. I am now married and live in the US. So there is little possibility for me to go home for Christmas. Now I am able to get through Christmas with some moments of joy:\nFirst, you are advised to search your area for stores that carry items from your home country or town. Buy food, candles and some other things that mean something to you.\nHold on to the traditions from your home that you think are important even if other people think they are stupid. But keep in mind to be open for new traditions from wherever you might be, because those traditions are as important to those people around you as yours are to you. For me that includes celebrating Christmas on the 24th.\nCall, write Christmas cards, buy gifts and mail them to loved ones, just as if you were there. If you try to pretend   as if the holiday doesn't exist, you are just going to make it worse.\nIntroduce your traditions to your loved ones, especially your kids. It will only enrich their celebration of the holiday to have some unique   traditions in their home. Little by little it will become their tradition and it's fun for them to try something new.\nFind clubs, churches or organizations that are from your home country. Chances are that they will have some celebration with some of your traditions which you can join in.\nFood is one of the most important factors in any kind of tradition. Find the recipe   of that cake your grandmother used and make it your tradition to bake that particular cake.\nCall up your parents and get them to send you some of your favorite childhood ornaments   for your tree.\nPay attention to new traditions, talk to your family about which ones you want to make your own and stick with them.\nIf you are far away from home, Christmas can never be the same as you experienced it before, but it is important to remember these traditions while appreciating the new ones. Keep an open mind and find a compromise between old and new traditions.", "id": "middle7184.txt"}