{"answers": ["C", "B", "A"], "options": [["a very large park", "a busy London street", "a famous movie company", "an old Hollywood movie"], ["young people don't go to movie theatres any more", "there is strong competition from other states", "its movie companies are in neeed of young stars", "the state hasn't put a development plan into action"], ["The use of modern cameras and other equipment", "The interest of middle-aged film stars", "The making of TV series like Dynasty", "The expensively made copies of scenes"]], "questions": ["From the passage, we know Universal Studios is   _  .", "The movie industry in California isn't as successful as before because   _  .", "Which of the following seems to be a threat to Hollywood?"], "article": "Where in the world can you take an hour's train ride, and pass a forest, a London street, a scene from the Wild West, and a burning building that never burns down? There's only one place, and that's Hollywood, in California. The scenes you see from the tourist train are film sets  in the Universal Studios, one of the oldest and largest movie companies  in the USA.\nA visit to Universal Studios brings back memories of great days of Hollywood, the films and the stars. But they are only memories. Hollywood isn't quite the same as it used to be. Costs have gone up and confidence has gone down. Movie-makers are afraid to spend their money on expensive new ideas. Instead, they repeat old ones.\nThe film industry is changing fast. Teenagers still go out to the movies. The theatre is a good place to meet friends away from home. But older people mostly stay home to watch series, like Dynasty have become as important to Hollywood as expensive movies. These \"soap opera\", as they are called, show rich, powerful families living in beautiful homes and wearing beautiful clothes. But the actors and actresses are nearly all middle-aged, like many of the people who watch them.\nThough it is soap operas that are keeping the film-makers of Hollywood in Business, big films are still being made in America. But more and more of them are made outside Hollywood.   New York is the most important new center, but there are many others as well. Movie-makers have realized that they don't need Hollywood any more. Modern cameras and real houses instead of expensively made copies in a studio. Other states, especially Florida and Texas, are working hard to take the film business away from California. They are offering better working conditions and lower cost.\nBut Hollywood is fighting back. The state of California is trying hard to keep its best-known industry.", "id": "middle72.txt"}