{"answers": ["B", "B", "B"], "options": [["Before July of this year", "After July of this year", "In July of next year", "In July of last year"], ["Less than 2,600", "More than 2,600", "Less than 6,000", "More than 6,000"], ["there are fewer and fewer people interested in running", "the economics of running develops fast, because of the growing number of runners", "every one at Nanjing Agricultural University can enter the special sports course", "the students having the special sports course will get higher marks if they study harder"]], "questions": ["When will the quantum communications network be formed?   _  .", "How much will it cost a family of three for a day in Shanghai Disney Resort?   _  .", "From the passage we can learn that   _  ."], "article": "News One: The first quantum communications satellite  developed by China is expected to launch  in July of this year. It means that a quantum communications network will be formed, and quantum communication between the satellite and the ground will be achieved for the first time anywhere in the world.\nNews Two: Shanghai Disney Resort  opened in a trial run  last week to prepare for its official opening on June 16. A one-day visit to the resort for a family of three will cost at least 2,600 yuan, which covers entrance ticket and three meals as well as shopping, while a two-day trip will cost no less than 6,000 yuan in total, which is too expensive for most visitors.\nNews Three: More and more people get interested in running. The number of runners is increasing, and the economics  of running is growing with it. Runners are always going to need shoes and they are always going to be looking for races. Both of these markets have just developed during the past 30 years or more.\nNews Four: Overweight students at Nanjing Agricultural University are having a special sports course. The more weight they lose, the higher marks they will get. The course is not for everyone, but just for the students who needs to lose weight to keep healthy. There are 3 or 4 specially designed sports classes every week and each class lasts 90 minutes.", "id": "middle7221.txt"}