{"answers": ["B", "D", "A", "C", "C"], "options": [["The short-term memory becomes stronger.", "The short-term memory becomes weaker.", "The long-term memory becomes stronger.", "The long-term memory becomes weaker."], ["A strange insect.", "A colourful letter.", "A dramatic event.", "A boring talk."], ["use the link method", "connect it with feelings", "have a good rest", "take some notes"], ["Always do the same things and never change their daily habits.", "Memorize something while listening to music or watching TV.", "Keep other ideas out of their mind when focusing attention.", "Sleep at most 6 hours a day and drink a lot of coffee or tea."], ["How to Use Memory Tools", "How to Keep Long-term Memory", "How to Improve Our Memory", "How to Stay Healthy"]], "questions": ["How does people's memory change when they get older?", "According to the passage, which of the following CANNOT be remembered better in a short time?", "When people try to remember the word 'smiles', an easy way to do this is to  imagine there is a 'mile' between the first letter and the last letter. This is because  they  _  .", "What SHOULD people do when they try to make their memory more efficient?", "What's the best title of this passage?"], "article": "Memory is essential  for life. We have a short-term memory and a long-term memory. When we get old, our short-term memory becomes weaker, but we can still remember things that happened a long time ago. There are many things we can do to improve our memory, such as using various memorizing methods as well as taking special care of our health.\nIt is important that we regularly stimulate  our brain to make our memory more efficient . For example, we can do activities that we do not usually do and change our daily habits. Learning a new skill helps our brain develop.\nWhen trying to memorize something, we should focus our attention on the most important things about it. Do not allow other thoughts to enter our mind because this will lower our chances of remembering things correctly.\nOne basic way of improving our memory is to use the link method. If we want to memorize something, we should make a picture in our mind. If the picture is silly, strange and colourful, we will remember it better.\nTaking notes, being organized and keeping a diary will also be useful tools.\nSometimes, memory is connected with our feelings. When something dramatic happens, we usually remember it well, and we also remember where we were and what we were doing.\nHealthy food and plenty of vitamins are important to our memory. Drinking a lot of water also helps maintain our memory.\nWhen we are asleep, our brain stores memory. Not enough sleep can, therefore, cause problems with storing information. In addition, being tired will stop us from being able to remember well. As a result, keeping fit and having regular health checks are both important as well.", "id": "middle7225.txt"}