{"answers": ["B", "C", "A"], "options": [["By walking.", "By using internet.", "By writing letters.", "By talking to people."], ["We should not get online at all.", "We should not share computers.", "We should not use our own names online.", "We should be very worried about our digital footprint."], ["Because it gives you more information.", "Because it's a good way to find a job.", "Because it makes people look good.", "Because people miss each other."]], "questions": ["How do you leave a digital footprint?", "What's the writer's attitude   towards digital footprint?", "According to the passage, why are people interested in digital footprints?"], "article": "Every time you go online you leave a digital   footprint. This is just like a real footprint. It tells where you have been, how long you stayed on line and what you have been doing there. It's easy to get the information and show your digital footprint every time when you send an email, messages and photos. You shouldn't worry about it too much but it is better to be careful about your digital footprint when you are online. There are five tips for taking care of your digital footprint.\nDon't forget to close the pages with your information when you leave a website, especially if you are using a shared computer.\nDon't tell anyone your password and don't write them down in a place that everybody can see. Make them more difficult by using both letters and numbers.\nRemember your favourite websites by looking over the history and the bookmark on your computer or your mobile phone. This is a way that your digital footprint can work in your favour, remember to clear your history from time to time.\nIf you want to post some words on line, you don't have to use your own name. You can use a nickname instead. You can also use a picture instead of a real photo.\nProtect your personal information online. Be careful about who you share your own information with and always think twice before sharing email, home address, school or phone number with someone.\nAll kinds of people are interested in your digital footprint. It's now quite common for people to look over some personal information online before they offer someone a job. There are cases of people having missed out on jobs and places because their digital footprint didn't make them look good. So remember: keep safe, don't put too much personal information online and always think carefully before you post something. Ask yourself, 'would I be happy for everyone to see this?'", "id": "middle7245.txt"}