{"answers": ["D", "C", "B", "A"], "options": [["the air was flesh", "the water was clear", "cars and buses ran in the streets", "children couldn't go to big cities to study"], ["people still live in low old houses", "children can't have a good education", "people live in bright and beautiful buildings", "people still drive animals to help with farming"], ["making money", "environmental protection", "planting crops", "children's education"], ["Great changes in my hometown.", "How to protect environment.", "People pay attention to modern life.", "Hometown's pollution."]], "questions": ["In the past   _  .", "But today   _  .", "In the modern life, people pay more attention to   _  .", "What can we learn about the passage?"], "article": "I live in a town. In the past, the air wasn't fresh. There was a river. People put rubbish in it. The water went bad. The fishes in the river died. There was much rubbish in the streets which weren't wide. It smelt terrible. People lived in low old houses with trees all around and had a terrible life. The children couldn't have many chances to go out to cities, not to say, have a good education. Farmers worked only with their hands. They worked very hard all year round. They planted crops with the help of animals. The poor people went anywhere on foot, and only some rode bikes. Few visitors came here to spend their holidays.\nAt present, things have been greatly changed. People have moved into big bright houses or beautiful buildings. There is a big factory. Many people work in it. They are getting richer. Different kinds of cars and buses are running in the big streets. It is faster and easier to travel. People plant many fruit trees and get much money. People plant crops with the help of machines which can save lots of work. Students can study in a modem school. People pay more attention to the environmental protection. The mountains are becoming greener, water much cleaner. What around us is the clearer sky and greener water. As a result, many visitors come here to spend their holidays. People enjoy their modern life. But with the development of the industry, we have fewer trees. Air and water pollution is becoming more and more serious. We must do something to stop pollution to make our town more and more beautiful.", "id": "middle7276.txt"}