{"answers": ["A", "D", "C", "D"], "options": [["Two.", "Three.", "Four.", "Five."], ["fish", "tomatoes", "sun screen", "sports drinks"], ["Water sports can help you feel cool and active in summer.", "You d better not go outside from 12 a.m. to 2 p.m. in summer.", "Energy drinks are better than water to stop thirst.", "Summer is a good time to lose weight."], ["How to Stay Healthy", "How to Lose Weight", "Enjoy Outdoor Activities in Summer", "Keep Fit in Summer"]], "questions": ["How many pieces of advice does the writer give us?", "The following things can help fight against the burning sun EXCEPT  _  .", "Which of the following is NOT right?", "Which can be the best title of the passage?"], "article": "It's getting hotter and hotter outside. Summer is already here! Summer means high temperature, more outdoor activities and all kinds of fruit and vegetables. How can we stay fit in this exciting season? Here are some good suggestions:\nEat and drink properly\nWhat is healthy to eat in summer? Fresh and light food. Fish can be a good choice. It can keep your body energetic and help fight against the burning sun. Another good choice is colorful fruit and vegetables.They not only _ our eyes, but are full of healthy chemicals ( ) .Tomatoes can help protect your skin against sunburn. Blueberries are good for your brain and eyes. The more color,the better!\nWith all those summertime activities you will be thirsty. What to drink ? Water. Water has zero calories ( ) and is the perfect drink to stop your thirst  ( ) . Try not to drink too many energy drinks, sports drinks and soda drinks which have lots of sugar and caffeine ( )  in them.\nStay active and cool\nSummer is a great season to enjoy outdoor activities and play. It s also a goodtime to lose weight. If you are lucky enough to be near a body of water, try water sports like swimming, surfing, water skiing and so on. These sports keep you cool and active at the same time. You'll have no problem beating the heat and keeping fit as well. Be careful of the sunshine. Summer allows us more chances to get outside, but it also means more possibilities to get burnt by the sunshine. If you are going outside, keep away from the sun when it's the strongest--usually between 11 a.m. and 3 p.m. If you have to stay in the sun for a long time, sun cream ( ) ,a big hat and a long - sleeve jacket will be necessary.", "id": "middle7305.txt"}