{"answers": ["D", "B", "C", "D", "A"], "options": [["independently", "successfully", "in isolation", "in groups"], ["good and strong", "no or weak", "skilled but helpless", "good and natural"], ["joining people together", "encouraging the whole group", "controlling people to do things", "leading people to work towards goals"], ["One of the main keys to success is being able to work with others well.", "People will often feel disappointed and helpless if they aren't with good leaders.", "Being calm and wise can help leaders make perfect judgments under pressure.", "Experienced teachers can hardly train people to be successful leaders."], ["How to be successful leaders", "Successful leaders", "Be natural leaders", "Be sensitive and confident"]], "questions": ["When we are at work or at play, we find we are probably working  _  .", "Groups with   _   leaders will often cause arguments at meetings or between people.", "Good leaders always have many ways of doing things except   _  .", "Which of the following is NOT correct according to this passage?", "Which of the following can be the best title for this passage?"], "article": "Almost nothing we do in this world is done in isolation*. At work or at play, you'll find yourself in groups, working with other people: your team at work, a meeting with fellow workers, your family, a holiday with friends, a group of students working together, a group of neighbors wanting to make changes. It is now realized that being able to work successfully with other people is one of the main keys to success, partly because we need to do it so often.\nIn almost every situation where you're in a group, you will need a skilled leader. All groups need leaders and all successful groups have good leaders. Groups without leaders or with weak leaders almost always break down. Members of a leaderless group often begin to feel disappointed and helpless. Time is wasted and the tasks are not achieved. There are often arguments and nervousness between people as there is nobody to keep the goals clear.\nSome people are natural leaders. The well-known cook, Antonio Carlucci says, \"True leaders are born and you see them in kitchens.\" They're people who are strong, fair, and humorous. Although a lot of people agree that there are some natural-born leaders, most people now know that leadership can also be taught. Experienced teachers can train almost anyone how to be a successful leader. Good leaders don't make people do things in a controlling way. You can learn how to join others, encouraging the whole group to work towards a common goal.\nSuccessful leaders also need to be calm and wise. They need to be able to work out good solutions and make perfect judgments* under pressure. Lastly, and probably most importantly, good leaders need to be sensitive*, confident and be able to get on well with different kinds of people.", "id": "middle7343.txt"}