{"answers": ["C", "B", "B"], "options": [["get hurt", "give up cutting", "feel awkward", "change their tools"], ["learn better visually", "are good organizers", "are better at single sports", "give clear directions to others"], ["may be more talkative and outgoing", "are ordinary people like right-handers", "might remember everyday things better", "no longer need to use right-handed tools"]], "questions": ["If right-handers cut up potatoes with there left hand, they will  _  .", "According to the passage, right-handers  _  .", "From the passage, we can learn that left-handers  _  ."], "article": "Are You Right Handed or Left Handed?\nWhich hand do you use when write? About 8 to 15 percent of people are left handed. They often have to use tools that are designed for right-handed people. So it is difficult for left-handers to use most tools. If you are right handed, try this experiment: Take a knife with your left hand and try cutting a potato into pieces. Don't be surprised if you feel awkward .\nIn the past, people thought it was strange to use the left hand. Young students looked down upon their left-handed classmates. Some children were even punished for using their left hand to write. But these days parents and teachers have accepted that. In almost every school in the world, left-handed students can use their left hand to write.\nWhat causes people to be left handed or right handed? Experts have searched long and hard on this. They conclude  that left-handed people are left handed for the same reason that right-handed people are right handed. One out of every ten people just is a left-handed people are right handed. One out of every ten people just is a left-hander. It's simply like the color of our eyes - some people have brown eyes, while some others have black eyes.\nHowever, may researchers think that left-handers and right-handers are different in some aspects. Right-handers are more talkative and outgoing than left-handers. Many right-handed people understand spoken words better. For example, after they listen to directions to a supermarket, they can find it easily. Right-handers are good at organizing people, too. They are also better basketball guards. Just ask Yao Ming.\nResearch shows that left-handers are creative and artistic. Many famous performers, like Jim Carrey and Paul McCartney, are left handed. Many left-handers learn better visually . In art, both Leonardo da Vinci and Michelangelo were left handed. In music, Ludwig van Beethoven was left handed. In science, you find Newton and Einstein. The left-handed people are also really good at tennis and other single sports.\nIf you prefer one hand, but you are still good at writing with the other, you are mixed. Research shows mixed-handers can remember everyday things better than other people. What did you eat for lunch two weeks ago? If you're mixed handed, you can probably remember.", "id": "middle7346.txt"}