{"answers": ["D", "A", "D"], "options": [["do homework only", "finish homework at school", "clean the playground", "clean the school toilets"], ["a proper education", "a chance to be cleaners", "a chance to be teachers", "more housework"], ["Students shouldn't do any chores in school.", "Parents require students to do some chores in school.", "Some parents think doing some chores is harmful to students.", "Doing some chores can develop students' good qualities."]], "questions": ["A primary school in Fuzhou required the students to  _  .", "Some parents think that the school should provide students with  _  .", "What is the main idea of the passage?"], "article": "Students at a primary school in Fuzhou, Hast China's Fujian Province were required to clean the school toilets to help them develop good habits. But some parents are strongly against the idea. They can't see the advantages of students doing such chores  . They think that the school should provide students with a proper education, not the chance to be school cleaners.\nIn fact, parents, schools and society play an equally  important role in developing the character of students. It is good for schools to give students such tasks,because few of the students will do them at home. Their parents want them to do homework only.\nIn recent years, some parents will _ when students are asked to do some chores in schools. Some complain about the teachers if their kids get hurt in schools; some even challenge the schools' teaching methods and management. As a result, many primary schools, especially those in big cities, do not let students join in outdoor activities during breaks, fearing that they might get hurt. This is bad for the development of students' best qualities.\nWhat the primary school in Fuzhou is doing is worth praising. Doing chores can put a sense of responsibility into students' minds and teach them the spirit of rules as well as teamwork. Also, it can make students' in-school experiences more meaningful.", "id": "middle7349.txt"}