{"answers": ["B", "B", "D", "A"], "options": [["Health.", "Money.", "Satisfaction.", "Friendship."], ["popular and free", "meaningful and creative", "well-paid and hard.", "relaxing and interesting"], ["Working harder.", "Making more money.", "Having more children.", "Being thankful."], ["Happiness influences our health.", "Money makes us live longer.", "How to find good jobs.", "How to work better."]], "questions": ["What plays a more important role in most people's daily life, according to the passage?", "Some people will feel happy if they have   _   work.", "What can make people happier according to the passage?", "What can we learn from the passage?"], "article": "Doctors, psychologists , economists  and other experts have recently got together to find out what makes us happy and have come to surprising results.\nOne of the main topics is how to measure happiness. Although some experts say that there are many ways to measure happiness, like recording a person's feelings, satisfaction in life or being healthy, others say that you can't really measure happiness, but you can see it.\nMoney is really important in most people's lives. Once people have enough money to support their living, they pay more attention to other meaningful things. In many cases, friends and a close family are more important. Some people also need meaningful and creative work to find happiness.\nStudies find that there is a connection between happiness and health. Most of the time, people who are happier have better health. They work better and they are not as stressed as others. Besides, happier people may be able to live longer and enjoy their happiness. Studies also show that those who laugh a lot and those who are in good moods are also happier.\nIs there a way of achieving happiness? Some experts say that if people express their thanks, they can become happier. Joining pleasant conversations can also bring more satisfaction and happiness. Not surprisingly, people feel that a good relationship is important in being happy. Happiness is also _ . The results show that if you happen to have a member of your family or a friend near you who is happy, you'll happy, too.", "id": "middle7369.txt"}