{"answers": ["B", "C", "D"], "options": [["Blue light in the morning harms the biological system.", "Not enough morning light keeps teenagers sleep less.", "Not getting more light in the morning make teenagers happy.", "Not enough sleep makes teenagers fail in tests."], ["has the same effects as afternoon light", "may change studying habits of teenagers", "is important to children's biological system", "has no effect on students' tests"], ["There are not enough electric lights in the classroom.", "Being in school early affects their study habits.", "They have to go to bed very early to have enough sleep.", "They go to school too early to get enough morning light."]], "questions": ["Which of the following is the result of the study?", "We know from the passage that morning light   _  .", "What's the problem of the students according to the study?"], "article": "A study finds that not enough morning light causes teenagers not to get enough sleep at night. \"As teenagers spend more time indoors, they miss necessary morning light. Day light is needed to keep the balance of the body's 24-hour biological system  , which regulates   body temperature and sleep styles,\" reports Dr. Mariana Figueiro. \"These teenagers who receive little morning light are going to bed later, getting less sleep and doing badly in tests. They are more likely to fail in their exams.\"\nIn the study, Dr. Figueiro asked 11 students in Grade 8 to wear special glasses to prevent blue morning light from reaching their eyes. At the end of the 5-day study she found that they fell asleep 30 minutes later than usual.\nThroughout her research, Dr. Figueiro has been very worried about teenagers going to bed too late. The problem is that today's schools require teenagers to be in school very early in the morning. These students are likely to miss the morning light because they often go to school before the sun is up or as it's just rising.\nFurthermore  , the schools are not likely to provide enough electric light to keep the balance of this biological system. Our biological system is much more sensitive   to blue light. Therefore, having lots of light in the classroom does not make sure that there is enough light to keep our biological system balanced.", "id": "middle738.txt"}