{"answers": ["C", "B"], "options": [["It's the only way to get relaxed.", "It makes other people feel upset.", "It's necessary and healthy for people.", "It makes out-going people feel lonely."], ["It's important to know what other people think of us", "its harmful to always compare ourselves with others", "technology helps us lo judge and improve ourselves", "technology helps us to know about other people clearly"]], "questions": ["What does the writer think of being alone properly?", "The writer agrees *"], "article": "These days there are lot of possibilities to be always connected to family and friends. Now that I have just moved lo France, this can be very convenient. 1 can ring my sister who lives in Los Angeles on Viber, or I can Skype my parents or friends back in England for a chat. However, sometimes the convenient and dependability of technology can be _ .\nEven the most out-going people need some \"down time\" to calm down on their own and get relaxed. This is something that I consider necessary and healthy. After all, you have to live with yourself for the rest of your life, so you'd better know how to enjoy your own company. It can be a good thing to have time to yourself to collect your thoughts and free your feelings. Today 1 went for a walk by myself around the lake and just dav-dreamed. It was so relaxing and enjoyable and helped me let go of my bad emotions.\nHowever, somehow it seems rude or perhaps makes people feel that you'reupset to sayto people:\" I'm going to go and spend sometime by myself. \" Andoften when we are spending time 'alone' , we are actually connected with a piece of electrical equipment. We try to make something into a Facebook or a Tweet to attract our friends, or we scroll (> through Facebook nosing into other people's lives orseeing what friends are up to. We judge ourselvesand other people by the photos they put online, so we can tell how much fun they are having compared to us. This is an age when we can  get so much surface information about other people's lives, but being  wrapped up in what other people are doing or always thinking about other people's recognition   of us can be quite unhealthy. Perhaps these days forget about the simple pleasure of spending time just for us.\nHaving said all that, I also think that spending too muchtime byyourself\ncan separate you from others. I suppose it is important to find a good balance between spending valuable time by yourself and with other people.", "id": "middle7420.txt"}