{"answers": ["B", "B", "D", "D"], "options": [["France", "England", "Belgium", "Germany"], ["teach French", "look after the children of a rich family", "teach English", "look after the sick and wounded soldiers"], ["Because she found work in an English hospital.", "Because she organized a training school for nurses.", "Because the First World War broke out.", "Because her father was seriously ill."], ["Edith was good at music and German at school.", "Edith was a highly professional doctor.", "Edith was invited to her country to organize a training school for nurses.", "People have built a tall statue in honor of Edith."]], "questions": ["Edith Cavell was from   _  .", "Edith Cavell's first job was to   _  .", "Why did Edith return home from Belgium?", "According to the passage; which of the following is TRUE?"], "article": "Edith Cavell was born in a little English village. She was a clever; hard-working girl and did well at school; especially in music and French. After she left school; her first job was to take care of the children of a rich family in Belgium . The language they spoke was French; so she found that her school studies were useful. She could understand them easily; at the same time she taught the children to speak English and play the piano.\nAfter hearing that her father was seriously ill; Edith returned home to look after him. She then decided to become a nurse. Afterwards for five years she worked in an English hospital where she proved to be highly professional at her job. A Belgian doctor was so impressed that he invited her to his country to organize a training school for nurses. The First World War   broke out in 1914 and Edith Cavell's school of nursing became a hospital. She stayed there to look after the sick and wounded soldiers  . Edith treated them with kindness. Between November 1914 and August 1915 she secretly helped about 200 wounded soldiers and prisoners   escape from the Germans. Later the German army found out what Edith had done and they arrested her. Finally; the Germans killed her; but they could not _ . A tall statue has been built in Trafalgar Square; London; in honor of the brave English nurse.", "id": "middle7424.txt"}