{"answers": ["D"], "options": [["Tree-bees often attack people in large numbers.", "Tree-bees can be driven away by fire and smoke.", "Tree-bees do not give up easily when they attack people.", "Tree-bees will not attack people unless they are disturbed."]], "questions": ["Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?"], "article": "There are lots of dangerous and terrible insects in Northeastern India, but the tree-bees are the most terrible. They are killers. Unlike most bees which will sting   you only if they are disturbed  , tree-bees will attack you in thousands for no reason. And they will chase   you for your life.\nWalking along a dusty road while I was on holiday there last year. I found myself, without the least warning, the centre of such an attack. The air above me suddenly became thick with bees. Though it was hot, I went cold all over. Until then I had never heard of Indian tree-bees, but I had recently seen a film called \"The Angry Swarm\", which was about killer-bees.\nI began running to the village about half a mile away, but I was soon covered from head to foot with bees. I drove them away with my hands, only to make room for others. Each time I opened my mouth for breath, more bees entered my mouth, until it was stung to twice its usual size and I could hardly breathe.\nWhen I reached the village, I found some workers building a house. I ran towards them for help. But as soon as the workers saw the bees with me, they ran for safety at top speed.\nSoon my eyes had completely closed. I fell into a pile of brick dust. I pushed myself wildly down into it until my head and shoulders were covered. And then I tried hard to get out of the dust, the angry bees made a new attack on me. I was tired out and ran weakly about in circles. Soon I lost my consciousness  .\nLater I learned that two quick-minded villagers ran to a pile of dry grass and quickly surrounded   me with a thick wall of fire and smoke until the bees were driven away. They stayed with me, taking stings out of my body for the next three hours until a doctor came and gave me further treatment.", "id": "middle7442.txt"}