{"answers": ["C", "A", "B"], "options": [["Learning languages at school is much better than that in homestays.", "All the homestay family members used to be good teachers in the past", "More money should be paid a you live in host families in city center.", "Everything has to be thought about after you enter a homestay family."], ["The writer think homestay is good for language learning.", "The writer hopes homestay families will provide more service.", "The writer is worried about the safety of homestay in the future.", "The writer complains about development of homestay nowadays"], ["It introduces famous, places of interest around the world.", "It tells us why homestay has been popular in the world.", "It give* us advice on how to learn foreign languages well.", "It describes how homestay works between different countries."]], "questions": ["What can be inferred from the passage?", "What's the writer's attitude towards homestay according lo the passage?", "What's the passage mainly about?"], "article": "Most students ,  who are learning a foreign language . like to choose Homestay when they 6tudy abroad. Others also prefer homestay even if they go on a visit or a holiday in another country. Presently, homestay has become a form of accommodation( )  which is very popular all around the  world. If you want to stay at a comfortable and home-like house and experience the life of local people, you can book a homestay on the Internet before you go abroad. It is easy for you to  pick out a host family that you want to live with from all over the world. So what is homestay? And what makes it so popular nowadays? Homestay means living with a foreign family or \"host family\" as we 8tay abroad. It is usually called a home away home. There are three ways of doing it :\nChoose  to learn English in a language school near your homestay where you live ;\nHave your English classes in the house with a member of family who is a qualified    teacher;\nDon't have any classes at all when you visit a foreign country-a popular choice if you want to be a tourist far example. Even in the busy summer period the organization that provides the homestays will always try to place you with the most suitable  host family to meet your needs. With the help of the or organizations. you don't worry about where you live, your interests, your language level. eating habits. medical care and anything else you may have during the homestay.\nThough the price of homestay is ,mainly depended on your needs, high- quality homestay accommodation can be relatively economical . And if you want your homestay in or near the city center, you may pay for an extra amount of money. Even if you 8tay further out. you can expect your journey into the center not to Go beyond 30 minutes.\nNot only does homestay accommodation represent  value for money, it also gives you an excellent opportunity to practise the foreign language with your host family. This is a very important extra for students who like t0 8peak as much language as possible. Bui if you plan io learn English .  why not have your English classes in your host family? There's no better way to learn languages than this because it makes learning and accommodation together as well as the cultural experience !", "id": "middle7485.txt"}