{"answers": ["C", "B", "B", "D"], "options": [["Because he was very thirsty at that time.", "Because he was only interested in drinking coffee.", "Because he had to make himself fresh for the classes in the afternoon.", "Because he wanted to do something special to pass the whole afternoon."], ["was too tired to walk further", "was afraid of falling down on ice", "asked the manager to call him a cab", "decided to take a school bus"], ["15 minutes", "8-9 minutes", "4-5 minutes", "2 minutes"], ["Intellectual.", "Special.", "Gentle.", "Helpful."]], "questions": ["Why did the writer want to get a cup of coffer?", "The writer   _   so he gave up the idea of going back to school on foot when he found his keys and phone were locked inside the car.", "The writer has probably stayed in the McDonald's for about   _  .", "What kind of person is the manager?"], "article": "As a teacher, my daily life includes driving to a new school so I'm usually unable to anticipate   the day's events, good or bad!\nOne day, I was teaching in a very difficult classroom. I was managing behavior all morning and by lunch time, I knew I needed coffee to even consider surviving the afternoon. So on my lunch break, I drove to a coffee shop nearby to get a cup of coffee. While returning to the car I realized I had locked my keys and my phone inside! I had about 15 minutes to get back to the school which was a good 4- or 5- minute drive away. I considered rushing back, but it being winter, I thought a fall on ice would only make the situation much worse.\nSo I ran into a McDonald's and asked the man at the counter   who happened to be the manager to please call me a taxi. I explained my situation to him, and I could tell by the look in his eyes, that he took pity. He hurried to the back to use the phone while I walked in the restaurant. I had less than 10 minutes to get back to my school at this point.\nThe manager returned only to tell me that the taxi company had put him on hold and then the line got disconnected, and that he was now on hold again, but had not yet been able to ask for the taxi yet.\nWithout a thought, he caught his coat and offered to drive me to the school. Immediately I followed him into his car and made it back into my classroom with 2 minutes left before the bell!\nWhile arriving at the school, I thanked this man endlessly. His calm behavior and kind nature made me think he was probably a wonderful manager to work for, and also a wonderful human being to have on his earth. This experience makes me realize that out of every hopeless situation, there is the chance for acts of kindness to happen, which can create an unimaginable impression to those who receive them.", "id": "middle7545.txt"}