{"answers": ["D", "D", "C"], "options": [["change local cultures", "help local businesses develop", "make rich people become richer", "help stop wars among countries"], ["know Chinese characters very well", "go to different countries for movies", "own the same culture in the end", "Enjoy foods from different countries"], ["Globalization is sure to do good to people.", "Globalization will be limited in the future.", "Globalization may change people's in the future.", "Globalization will be loved throughout the would."]], "questions": ["Some people think globalization is good because it may  _  .", "Globalization helps people in the world  _  .", "What can we infer from the passage?"], "article": "Globalization means that people,ideas,technology,money,services and many other things are moving between countries and changing the way people think and act.\nNot everyone thinks the same way about globalization. Some people think it is bad,and some people think it is good. Some believe that globalization helps rich people get richer and makes poor people poorer. These people say that globalization helps big companies like Coca-Cola and McDonald's destroy local businesses. However,the people who think globalization is a good thing argue that globalization helps poorer people to become richer. They also think that it doesn't destroy local cultures. These people also believe globalization helps prevent wars. This is because countries with economic connections will try hard to keep good relationships so that their economies aren't destroyed.\nWhether you think globalization is good or bad,it affects the world in two areas:jobs and cultures.\nGlobalization has had a very strong influence on jobs all over the world. For some workers,such as engineers,lawyers and bankers,globalization has been a good development. These workers are able to successfully compete globally and have seen an increase in their pay. But for those who work in factories or in the aervice industry(at hotels,shops and restaurants),it has not been good. Workers from poorer countries are trying to get these types of jobs. They will do the same job for less money. This decreases the pay for that job,so people get paid less to do it.\nCultures have also been affected by globalization. Foods such as Japanese noodles,Inaian curry and French cheeses have spread around the world. We can also see an increase in the use of Chinese characters in tattoos . Some people get these tattoos but they don't really know what the characters mean. Globalization also affects the film industry. Most people have seen American movies. But because of globalization,Korean. Indian and Japanese movies have become more worldwide.\nNo one knows the future of globalization. Most experts agree that it will continue to grow and have an increasingly greater influence on people's lives in the future.", "id": "middle7551.txt"}