{"answers": ["D", "B"], "options": [["fungi can move everywhere by themselves", "fungi are unable to survive in cold conditions", "some fungi can make food from the energy in sunlight.", "some fungi are useful to humans and the environment"], ["In a social report.", "In a biology book.", "In a geography magazine.", "In a farming book."]], "questions": ["According to the passage,   _  .", "Where can you most probably find this passage?"], "article": "Every living thing on Earth is either a plant or an animal, right? Wrong! Many organisms in our world are neither. Some of them float through the air, and some lie hidden in the ground. They do not need sunlight to survive, and if the weather becomes too cold, they can become inactive until conditions improve.\nWhat are these? They are called fungi , and you see them almost every day. Many kinds of fungi seem _ , such as the green black things that appear on the food which are left too long in the refrigerator. But other kinds are not so bad. For example, the yeast that is used to make bread and mushrooms   are both fungi.\nWhat makes fungi different from plants and animals? An animal can move around by itself. Fungi get around too, but they don't have feet, wings, or tails. They have to wait for wind or some other outside force to move them. Plants are different from fungi because they have chlorophyll . It helps them make food from the energy in sunlight. Fungi do not have chlorophyll.\nSome fungi are bad, while others are not. Some fungi cause diseases, such as athlete's foot, which makes feet uncomfortable. Other kinds of fungi can be used to make medicines, which have saved many lives.\nFungi clean up more than wounds, though. They are the world's first recyclers. Without fungi, our world would be a mess. Since fungi cannot make their own food as plants do, they must get their food elsewhere. Many fungi get their food from dead plants. They break them down and turn them into soil. The fungi get a meal, and the world gets a housecleaning.", "id": "middle7553.txt"}