{"answers": ["B", "C", "D", "B"], "options": [["was waiting in line", "was eating his lunch", "was asking for money", "was waiting for the waitress"], ["He took him to have lunch and gave him some money.", "He bought him a glass of juice and gave him some change himself.", "He asked the waitress to give him a glass of juice and some change.", "He took a picture with the old man to remind others to help him."], ["the young man had a problem with his right eye", "the waitress was too frightened to help the old man", "the young man disliked to be praised by others in public", "the writer supported the behavior  of the young man"], ["It is good manners to wait in line in public.", "Help people in need and inspire others to do so.", "Giving money to the disabled people is what we should do.", "Be ready to help others secretly."]], "questions": ["The old gentleman   _   outside the coffee shop.", "How did the young man help the old man?", "From this passage we know   _  .", "What's the main idea of the passage?"], "article": "I was in a shopping mall, so I decided to go and get a cup of coffee. As I was making my way to the coffee shop, I noticed an old gentleman poorly dressed sitting near the shop. I knew from the first sight that he needed help. He had a little lunch in front of him and was enjoying it. It was clear that he had a problem with his right eye. I then joined the line and waited to be served.\nThen it happened. One of the most beautiful gestures  I had ever seen in my life. There was a young man in front of me in the line who was also waiting to be served. The next thing I knew was that the young man handed the waitress  20 dollars and requested a glass of juice as a favor . The waitress looked at the young man a little perplexed, not fully understanding the request. That was when the young man asked her to give the juice to the old gentleman eating his lunch outside, as well as the change  from the 20 dollars. The young man also told her that he would be watching every second so that she would be completely safe. Then there was a wonderful exchange between the waitress and the old man. I only wished I could take a photo of the smiles on both of their faces.\nAs I was considering this event later, I wondered why the young man didn't perform this act of kindness himself. Maybe he was hoping that this act of kindness might inspire  others to do something for this old man as well.", "id": "middle7567.txt"}