{"answers": ["B", "D", "D"], "options": [["bored", "confused", "amazed", "worried"], ["The sloping roof of the house.", "The body of water that keeps the house cool.", "The large central open yard.", "The liveliness that he felt around the house."], ["how the bird could give up their house easily", "how the writer finally becomes an honest citizen", "what we need to do when we choose our career", "why the writer chooses architecture as his career"]], "questions": ["When the writer read the story of the bird, he felt  _  .", "In the writer's dream, what part of the house attracted him most?", "The passage is mainly about  _  ."], "article": "As a kid, I read a story of a bird. It described a male bird which takes a lot of pain to build a house and the female bird takes care of the baby in it. When the baby bird learns to fly, the whole family flies off to a different place leaving behind the beautiful nest for other birds to grow their family in it. It made me confused : How could they so easily give up their house built with so much effort?\nOne night, I got this dream. I was walking on the endless road with beautiful trees on the either side. Attracted by the greenery, I went on, then I saw a wonderful house. I explored the house. There was a sloping  roof which matched with the greenery around; the large central open yard reminded me of the activities that might have taken place there which felt lively even now. The small water body that kept the house cool added to the beauty of the house -- of course, it was all dried up now. Such liveliness turns the house into a home. People say \"THE HOME IS WHERE THE HEART IS\", and now I felt it and was attracted deeply.\nWhen I woke up from the dream, I was clear about everything. I realized what message my dream wanted to convey  me. And years later, when I chose my career, I thought of the story of the bird and my dream, then I was sure what to do. I decided to choose _ as my career. I wanted to do the same thing that the male bird in the story did, to take pain in building a beautiful house and let others stay in it. My dream comes true and the happiness that I gain now from this career is great.", "id": "middle7587.txt"}