{"answers": ["D", "A", "C", "D"], "options": [["Because he has been working on a small video camera.", "Because he is a professor of a famous university.", "Because he invented a video camera for the blind.", "Because he devoted himself to making the blind see again."], ["It can help the blind to see the man doing the test.", "It has achieved an excellent effect during the use.", "It can be implanted into the blind people's eyes.", "It looks much like the normal people's eye."], ["For more than eight years.", "For more than five years.", "For three to five years.", "For less than three years."], ["The life of blind people has changed.", "Mark Humayun becomes famous.", "There will be no blind in the future.", "A technological study for the blind."]], "questions": ["Why is Doctor Mark Humayun well respected?", "How about the bionic eye created by Mark Humayun now?", "How long will it take Doctor Humayun to produce his bionic eye?", "What does this passage mainly tell us?"], "article": "There are millions of people throughout the world who are either born blind or have become blind over the course of their lifetimes. It is unfair to take away the visual beauty of the world from these people. Doctor Humayun has created the world's first bionic eye that could change the life of every blind people in the world.\nDoctor Mark Humayun is a well respected professor at the Doheny Eye Institute in California. He has been working for years on creating a bionic eye that would allow blind people to see images just like a normal person does. His idea of the bionic eye is actually an eye that has been built in a small video camera.\nThe test results show the bionic eye has given blind patients the amazing ability to see the scientists doing the tests. But the images are still blurry  and we need much work before the eye actually becomes a regular implant  into blind people. Humayun believes that he can go into production with the bionic eye over the next three to five years.\nA closer look at the bionic eye is amazing. The patient wears a special set of eyeglasses. All the signals  are passed to the implanted eye. It's done by wireless technology. Humayun has created an invention that could change the lives of millions of people. Imagine a world in which someone would no longer fear about being blind. This could be considered a technological achievement.", "id": "middle7595.txt"}