{"answers": ["B"], "options": [["Choo was lucky enough when he was young.", "Choo must be thankful for Vogue magazine.", "\"Jimmy Choo\" is a brand with a long history.", "It's much harder for a man to succeed in the fashion world."]], "questions": ["What can we learn from the passage?"], "article": "\"Face it, Andy. You sold your soul the day you put on that first pair of Jimmy Choo's.\" That line from the movie The Devil Wears Prada is an example showing how a shoemaker has become famous in the fashion world.\nJimmy Choo (Zhou Yangjie) is a native Malaysian of Chinese origin  , born in 1961 into a family of shoemakers. He created his first pair of shoes at age 11. His family couldn't pay for his schooling, so he dropped out at a young age. He had to work with his father to support the family. But his dream to be a fashion designer never disappeared, so he did all he could to enter an art college and finally took up a position in the fashion world through his talent and willpower.\nChoo graduated from a college in London and had a small workshop there. He hit the international fashion scene when Vogue magazine described his designs in eight pages in 1988. His work was immediately popular and got love and support from Diana, Princess of Wales.\nJimmy Choo shoes are known for their very high heels   and pointed toes. However, he does some flats and lower-heeled shoes for other women. Choo co-founded Jimmy Choo Ltd. with Tamara Mellon, UK Vogue editor, but left the company in 2001.\nJimmy Choo shops have opened around the world, so his designs are _ to those who want a designer shoe, and can afford his prices. Choo also has a website where shoppers can view his ready-to-wear designs. The brand   of Jimmy Choo has been comparable to top brands, like Channel, LV, etc. But it's still young and has a bright future.\nWe can't imagine how hard it is for Choo to stand out in the worldwide fashion! He must have made greater efforts and had more difficulties than others. And so he did. So stop complaining about why good luck isn't always falling on you and devote yourselves to your work now.", "id": "middle7641.txt"}