{"answers": ["A", "C", "D", "A"], "options": [["certain grammatical rules make the language learnable", "it is made up with lots of words and sentence structures", "characters in The Lord of the Rings use it to communicate", "new words can be created based on already existing words"], ["Elvish is a language difficult to learn", "there is no Elvish dictionary to refer to", "Elvish adds to the novel's attractiveness", "they can even create new grammar for Elvish"], ["The translation of \"washed\" in Elvish is \"allu\".", "The form of a noun doesn't change in Elvish.", "Elvish and English share the same grammar.", "Elvish is also used in the film The Hobbit."], ["Elvish, a Magical Language", "J.R.R. Tolkien, a Great Writer", "The Hobbit, a Wonderful Film", "Language, a Way to Communicate"]], "questions": ["Elvish is considered a real language because   _  .", "For the fans of The Lord of the Rings,   _  .", "Which of the following is TRUE about Elvish?", "The best title for this passage might be   _  ."], "article": "As one of the most well-known of the fantasy languages invented for science fiction film, television and book, and developed by J.R.R. Tolkien himself, Elvish is made up with several thousand words and different sentence structures.\nConstructed languages   like Elvish are real languages, made up of thousands of words created by fantasy writers, linguists and fans, with real language rules. While a widespread vocabulary is advantageous to a constructed language, there is a key differentiator   we can see between just a lot of words and real language: Grammar.\nGrammar is what makes constructed languages like Elvish learnable by everyday superfans. Superfans of The Lord of the Rings have built websites and created dictionaries, apps and translators, to teach Elvish. They have also created online clubs where fans can discuss and even create new words based on the already existing vocabulary, and continue to study the language.\nSo what does it take to be a master of Elvish?\nIn learning Elvish, there are a couple of grammatical rules similar to those of the English language. For example, in order to make a verb past tense in English, you have to add an -ed, making wash, washed. Similarly in Elvish, in order to change the word for wash, which is allu, to the past tense then you have to add an -ne to the word. So washed is then translated to allune in past tense.\nNouns in Elvish are different in the way that the noun changes depending on how it's used in a sentence, just like in Latin or Russian. For example, the word head in Elvish is CAS. However, if you duck your head, then the word changes to CARA. When mentioning something in your head, then it changes to CASSE. Tolkien's attention to detail in creating the fantasy world used in The Lord of the Rings and The Hobbit, complete with multiple functioning   invented languages, has attracted readers and movie viewers these years.\nElvish is only one of the many magical languages developed by J.R.R. Tolkien. Creating language for fantasy has proven to add to viewers and readers experiences. By transplanting their imagination to a new world, fans are able to learn the new language and speak Elvish with each other, much like their favorite characters.", "id": "middle7683.txt"}