{"answers": ["A", "D", "C"], "options": [["Call an ambulance for her baby.", "Take care of her baby al home.", "Help her to find her cell phone.", "Play football in from of her house."], ["They used to go to the hospital to learn from the doctors.", "They often listened to the radio and kept it in their minds.", "They usually watched the medical care programmers on TV", "They read the posters about it on the walls of their school."], ["Rocky and Ethan often attended CPR classes.", "Susanna didn't know anything about CPR at all.", "Rocky taught Susanna to do CPR correctly.", "Rocky's mother did CPR for Susanna's baby."]], "questions": ["What did Susanna ask Rocky and Ethan to do in a hurry?", "How did Rocky and Ethan learn CPR?", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?"], "article": "Rocky Hurt and Ethan Wilson were playing football in their front yard in Marietta. Suddenly a woman they had never met ran out of her house shouting to them to call an ambulance. That woman was Susanna Rohm. Her 12-week-old baby seemed to stop breathing. She was so scared that she couldn't find her cell phone. so she had decided to rush outside to ask for help.\nAfter getting their parents to make the call, the two boys followed their mother to see if they could do anything to help. And help they did! As Susanna was trying to do CPR  on her baby. Young Rocky came in and told her she was doing it all wrong. Instead he asked her to use two fingers, push on the chest 5-10 times. tilt( ) the baby's head. plug  the nose and then do a mouth-to-mouth resuscitation ( ) by breathing into the baby's mouth.\nLuckily for him and the baby. Susanna accepted his advice for even a second and came a loud cry from the baby. Soon the doctors came and the baby was sent to hospital.\nThe most amazing part of this story is that neither boy has attended a CPR class. Instead. They learned it all by carefully reading the posters on the walk of their school hall. And, while they are now being called as heroes and even interviewed on national television .neither really cares. They are just glad to have saved the baby's life! \"Thanks to the posters on the walls, they could save the kid! \"Their teacher said to the reporter proudly.", "id": "middle7702.txt"}