{"answers": ["D", "C", "C", "A"], "options": [["They encouraged people to work a longer time.", "They discouraged   people to think freely.", "They asked people to spend all their work time developing new ideas.", "They encouraged people to spend some of their work time thinking and improving new ideas."], ["They don't understand the importance of education.", "They don't want their students to make mistakes.", "They pay too much attention to examination marks and language skills.", "They think it more important to remember some information."], ["Try to help them as much as possible", "Take no notice of whatever they do", "Help them if their decision is wrong, but not too much", "Leave them as they are"], ["The importance of creativity", "What is creativity?", "The history of creativity", "How can we develop creativity?"]], "questions": ["What did the company where Dick Drew work learn from its mistake?", "Why don't schools try to encourage creativity?", "What should the parents do when their children decide how to spend their money?", "The best title for the passage can be   _  ."], "article": "Creativity is the key to a brighter future, say education and business experts. Here is how schools and parents can encourage this important skill in children.\nIf Dick Drew had listened to his boss in 1925, we might not have an important product: a new type of tape. Drew worked for the Minnesota Mining Company. At work he developed a kind of material strong enough to hold things together. But his boss told him not to think more about the idea. Finally, using his own time, Drew improved the tape, which now is used everywhere by many people. And his old company learned from its mistake. Now it encourages people to spend 15 percent of their work time just thinking and developing new ideas.\nCreativity is not something one is just born with, nor is it necessarily a character of high intelligence  . Just because a person is highly intelligent does not mean that he uses it creatively. Creativity is the matter of using the resources one has to produce new ideas that are good for something.\nUnluckily, schools have not tried to encourage creativity. With strong attention to test results and the development of reading, writing and mathematical skills, many educators give up creativity for correct answers. The result is that children can give back information but can't recognize ways to use it in new situations. They may know the rules correctly, but they are unable to use them to work out practical problems.\nIt is important to give children choices. From the earliest age, children should be allowed to make decisions and understand their results. Even if it's choosing between two kinds of food for lunch, decision-making helps thinking skills. As children grow older, parents should let their children decide how to use their time or spend their money, but not help them too much if they make the wrong decision. The child may have a hard time, but that is all right. This is because the most important character of creative people is a very strong desire   to find a way out of trouble.", "id": "middle7772.txt"}