{"answers": ["B", "A", "C"], "options": [["They tell others news stories from place to place on foot or by horse.", "They learn about news stories by watching TV or reading newspapers.", "They tell each other what they have seen with their eyes.", "They listen to the radio every day to get some information."], ["learn more about the same news story from a newspaper", "read the news story more quickly in a newspaper", "read news stories in other countries only by reading newspapers", "watch TV news reports about their own country"], ["Every day most people go to work by underground.", "A student in our class was hurt when we had a PE lesson.", "A tiger in the city zoo has run out and hasn't been caught.", "The bike in front of your house is lost for a few days."]], "questions": ["According to the passage, how do people learn about news stories in the world now?", "The difference between newspaper stories and TV news reports is that people can  _  .", "According to the passage, which of the following can you most possibly watch on TV?"], "article": "Hundreds of years ago, news was carried from place to place by people on foot or by horse. It took days, weeks and sometimes months for people to receive news. Now it is possible to send words and pictures around the world in seconds. Billions of people learn about news stories of their own country and all over the world every day either by watching TV or reading newspapers.\nNewspapers have been an important part of everyday life since the 18th century. Many countries have hundreds of different newspapers. How do newspaper editors  decide which news stories to print? Why do they print some stories and not others? What makes a good newspaper story?\nFirstly, it is important to report new stories. TV stations can report news much faster than newspapers, but newspapers give more about the same story. They may also look at the story in another way, or they may print completely different stories from those on TV.\nSecondly, a new story has to be interesting and unusual. People don't want to read stories about everyday life. As a result, many stories are about some kinds of danger and seem to be \"bad\" news. For example, newspapers never print stories about planes landing safely, instead they print stories about air crashes.", "id": "middle7790.txt"}