{"answers": ["C", "A", "A", "D"], "options": [["Men.", "Children.", "Women.", "Pregnant women."], ["To prevent others from buying the repeat items.", "To remind herself to buy some items for the party.", "To remember to buy the necessary things for her friends.", "To invite friends or family members to the baby shower."], ["Play games.", "Get some money and gifts.", "Feed the baby.", "Register a wish list of things."], ["the baby shower only happens at home", "the baby shower never takes place after the baby is born", "people have baby showers instead of bridal showers now", "people hold the baby shower to send wishes to the mother-to-be"]], "questions": ["Who was only invited to a baby shower traditionally?", "Why does a mother-to-be register a wish list of things?", "What can friends and family members do at a baby shower?", "According to the passage, we know that   _  ."], "article": "While many women are busy with planning their bridal showers  , a baby shower usually comes as a complete surprise. A baby shower is a party where a pregnant   woman is \"showered\" with gifts and good wishes. A baby shower is usually given by a close female friend or a relative of the mother-to-be. Sometimes co-workers of a pregnant person will also hold a baby shower for her.\nThe baby shower is usually given when the mother-to-be is between 6 and 9 months pregnant. _ the date of a baby's birth isn't always exact. Sometimes a baby shower can also happen after the baby is born. A baby shower can be held in someone's home or outside, like in a restaurant or a catering hall. Traditionally only women are invited to a baby shower. However, more and more baby showers are also including the father-to-be.\nLike a bridal shower, a mother-to-be will register   a wish list of things she wants at one or several stores. This list usually includes things the mother wants for her baby like clothes, diapers and even furniture. This way friends and family members can go to the stores and buy something from the list. Registering helps make sure that there aren't repeat items, like 30 bottles when a new mom only needed 15.\nAt a baby shower, people can give cards with wishes for the new baby and mom. Most of these cards also include money or gift cards to help the mom-to-be buy whatever else she needs for the baby. Sometimes there are games as well. In one game everyone guesses the date of the baby. Another game lets people taste baby food and guess the flavor.", "id": "middle7827.txt"}