{"answers": ["C", "B", "D", "A", "B"], "options": [["He was using the computer.", "He was playing in the living room.", "He was sleeping in the back bedroom.", "He was crying for help."], ["He ran to the back bedroom and grabbed Tsering.", "He grabbed Norbu off the floor.", "He stopped to grab his shoes, coat and a little money.", "He went down to the ground floor."], ["At 7:49 am.", "At 6:09 am.", "At 3:00 am.", "At 4:00 am."], ["People were able to have a rest.", "People cried for help.", "Injured people were crawling to the road.", "People were weeping for dead loved ones."], ["My Family", "A Major Earthquake", "What to Do in an Earthquake", "My Good Neighbors"]], "questions": ["What was Tsering doing when the big earthquake hit?", "What didn't the writer do in the earthquake?", "When did the smaller earthquake happen?", "What did NOT people do after the earthquake?", "Which is the best title for this article?"], "article": "On April 14th at 7:49 am, the town of Jyekundo in Kham, was struck   by a 6.9 magnitude earthquake. My family and I were in our 3rd floor apartment building when the earthquake hit. There was a smaller earthquake (around 4.7) that happened around 4 am and neither my wife nor I could get back to sleep. When the big earthquake hit, my wife was using her computer while our younger son Norbu (18 months old) was playing in the living room. Tsering, our older son who is 3 years old, was still asleep in the back bedroom of the 3 bedroom apartment we were living in.\nNorbu flew across the room when the earthquake hit. My wife was also thrown to the ground. Everything in our apartment began to be tossed   around, breaking when it hit the walls or floor. I ran to the back bedroom and grabbed   Tsering as my wife grabbed Norbu off the floor. Together, we ran to the door. I stopped long enough to grab my shoes, coat and a bit of money. I opened the door and one of our neighbors helped us carry Tsering down to the ground floor. I was the only one of my family who managed to get shoes.\nAfter the earthquake, we were able to see that this was a major earthquake. We began to hear people crying for help, badly injured people crawling   to the road and people weeping   for loved ones who had died.", "id": "middle7858.txt"}