{"answers": ["D", "B", "A", "A"], "options": [["Because they don't work hard enough", "Because their parents give them little pressure", "Because they can't do well in their schoolwork.", "Because their parents want them to do well in school, it give them much pressure."], ["their parents want to have a wonderful life", "they want their kids to have a wonderful life in the future.", "they can't do well in their own work.", "the kids wants to have a wonderful life."], ["Teachers.", "Parents.", "Someone else.", "Their classmates."], ["Schools have too much rules about everything.", "The parents don't help their children.", "Children can't do well in their school work.", "Parents send their children to all kinds of school which are opening on weekends."]], "questions": ["Why do the Japanese student feel unhappy?", "Their parents want them to study hard because   _", "Who do the parents think should help the kids when they can't do well in school work?", "What do child psychologists think is harmful to the feelings of children?"], "article": "Japanese students work very hard, but many are unhappy. They feel heavy pressure from their parents to do well in school. Most students are always being told by their parents to study harder so that they can have a wonderful life. Though this may be a good idea for those very smart students, it can have terrible results for many students because they are not talented enough.\nAs it is reported, a number of students killed themselves. Others try to get the feelings of taking drugs . Some join the groups of troublemakers and turn to crime . Many of them have tried very hard at school but have failed in the exams and have their parents lose hopes. Such students felt that they are hated by everyone else they meet and they don't want to go to school any longer.\nIt is surprising that though most Japanese parents are worried about their children, they do not help them in any ways .Many parents feel that they are not able to help their children and it is the teachers' work to help their children. To make matter worse, a lot of parents send their children to those school opening in the evenings and on weekends-- they only help students to pass exams and never teach students any real sense of the world. It is a great surprise that almost three quarters of middle school students have been to such kind of schools. Many Japanese schools usually have rules about everything from the students' hair to their clothes and the things in their bags. Child psychologists  now think that such strict rules are harmful  to the feelings of the students. Almost 40% of the students said that no one had taught them how to get on with others, how to tell right from wrong, how to show love for others, even for their parents.", "id": "middle7887.txt"}