{"answers": ["C", "A"], "options": [["America serves four kinds of fast food", "we used to have more types of fast food", "different countries have different types of fast food", "America serves fewer fast food than other countries"], ["the changing global diet", "the increasing types of diet", "the reason why people choose fast food", "the reason why people dislike fast food"]], "questions": ["From Paragragh 1,we can know that   _  .", "The passage is mainly about   _  ."], "article": "All over the world, the global diet includes fast food--prepared items from inexpensive restaurants, snack bars, or food stands. Some examples of American fast food are hamburgers, hot dogs, sandwiches, fried chicken, and so on. Some types of international fast foods might be German sausage and Schnitzel, Italian pizza, Japanese sushi and tempura, Chinese eggrolls and noodles and the like. The variety of fast foods all over the world is growing. Even so, this kind of style is becoming worldwide. Fast-food places usually prepare and serve the items quickly. Many are part of fast-food chains (eating places with the same name and company owner). For example, the biggest and most famous American fast-food chain serves hamburgers in nearly every part of the world.\nFor several reasons, many people choose fast food. First, it is quick and convenient. Second, it is cheaper than special home-cooked meals or formal restaurant dinners. And third, it is easy to find every eating place with the same company name. The atmosphere and style of most fast-food places is casual, comfortable, and familiar.\nWhy do other eaters stay away from this fast, easy kind of nourishment? The main reason is its low nutritional value. Fast food doesn't have large amounts of fiber, vitamins, minerals, and the like-elements necessary for good nutrition and health. In contrast  , most types of fast food have a lot of fat, sugar, or salt in them. Possibly, these things can cause or increase health disorders, like heart disease, and some kinds of cancer. Recently, these quick and easy kinds of world wide nourishment are generally getting better and more healthful. For example, many fast-food restaurants now have put vegetable items on their menus.\nOf course, human beings around the world don't always eat in fast-food places.The variety of food choices is large now and is probably going to increase. The number of food preparation methods is growing too. Cooking customs, eating habits, and food preferences all over the world are becoming more healthful. In these and other ways, the global diet is changing.", "id": "middle7911.txt"}