{"answers": ["A", "D", "C"], "options": [["they were not well protected", "they could find nothing to eat", "they died of a serious disease", "they had the habit of living together"], ["people used them to carry things", "the Duke of Beford sold them all", "they didn't like the weather there", "their number became larger and larger"], ["The number of the Mulu deer.", "The life of the Milu deer.", "The return of the Milu deer.", "The importance of the Milu deer."]], "questions": ["The Milu deer disappeared long ago in China because_.", "After some of the Milu deer were taken to Britain,_.", "What's the best title of the passage?"], "article": "My name is Lin Hui. I like to tell stories about people who work together. What is even better is when countries help each other and build a good friendship. An excellent example of this happened when Britain and China worked together to bring the Milu deer back to China.\nMilu deer, a kind of animal with large horns , used to be common in China long ago. Like other deer they lived together and ate grass and the soft parts of trees. Milu deer were often killed for food or sport. The Ming and Qing dynasties  did not protect them and many were killed. That is how the Milu deer disappeared from China.\nLuckily before all of them were killed, some were taken to Britain to improve the environment of the beautiful park which belonged to the Duke of Bedford. He liked them so much that he took them from China to Britain. Milu deer liked the cool, wet weather in England and their number increased year by year. As a result, when in 1985 the government of China wanted to bring back the Milu deer, the Duke of Bedford was able to help. The first deer came back to China to the Nanhaizi Milu Park 20 kilometers south of Beijing and the centre in Dafeng, Jiangsu province.\nThe deer certainly seem happy to be back in China because their number has grown quickly. There are now so many of them that a new park has been opened for them in Hubei Province. At the moment the Milu deer live in centres where they are being well protected and cared for. It is hoped that one day there will be enough animals to let them live in the wild again.\n294words", "id": "middle7913.txt"}