{"answers": ["B", "B", "D", "D"], "options": [["new things can be more comfortable", "everyone wants to be fashionable", "people are richer than before now", "people care about the environment"], ["Materials soft and looking fantastic.", "Any materials coloured using natural dyes.", "Hemp and bamboo.", "White cotton."], ["people pay more attention to our environment", "environmentally-friendly clothes are practical", "all old styles become fashionable again", "fashion-designers are working to make them beautiful"], ["Cotton or Hemp and Bamboo?", "Environmentally-friendly Clothes", "Old Style, New Fashion Again", "Fashion and the Environment"]], "questions": ["Why do people often buy things they don't need? Because  _  .", "Which of the following is more environmentally-friendly?", "Why are environmentally -friendly clothes more fashionable now? Because  _  .", "What is the best title for the passage?"], "article": "Fashion isn't very environmentally-friendly because it makes people buy things they don't need, just because they're new. We want to take care of the environment, we don't want to pollute the air and we don't want to waste energy and resources. But we also want to be fashionable. How can we buy fashionable clothes and protect the environment?\nOld styles are fashionable again, so one way is to buy second-hand clothes -- recycled clothes. Another way is to buy' fair trade clothes. These clothes are either recycled or made in a ' way that protects the environment. They also protect the people who make the clothes.\nSurprisingly, white cotton is one of the least environmentally-friendly crops of all. To protect the cotton, the growers use chemicals that pollute water, make farm workers ill and kill wildlife. New materials, such as hemp and bamboo, grow quickly and are more environmentally-friendly. These materials are very soft, and look fantastic. The best materials are coloured using natural dyes, made from plants.\nEnvironmentally-friendly clothes are practical but until now they were often dull. Now fashion-designers are working with these materials and the clothes are beautiful as well. So now we can buy fashionable clothes that are also environmentally-friendly.", "id": "middle7919.txt"}