{"answers": ["B", "D", "C", "B"], "options": [["spelling, listening, grammar and reading", "listening, speaking, reading and writing", "taking exams, pronunciation, reading and writing", "pronunciation, reading, listening and writing"], ["learn more dialogues", "learn a poem or a song by heart", "practice speaking with your friends as much as you can", "all above"], ["It's better to listen to English for a long time every day.", "At the beginning, you'd better choose the tapes on which the people speak quickly.", "At first you should begin with simple tapes for listening.", "Few people think it hard to listen to English."], ["Many people find it difficult to listen to English.", "Sit down and listen for an hour at a time.", "Learn a poem or a song by heart can improve your speaking.", "To improve speaking, you can practice speaking with your friends as much as you can."]], "questions": ["This passage is about English   _   .", "If you   _   , you can speak well.", "Which of the following is right according to the passage?", "Which of the following is not right according to the passage?"], "article": "If you have a problem with speaking, you can do several things. Listen to English as much as possible. You can learn a poem  or a song by heart. You can also learn more dialogues . And practice speaking with your friends as much as you can.\nMany people find it difficult to listen to English. The answer is to listen as much as you can. However, don't do too much at one time. It is better to practice listening for five minutes every day. Don't sit down and listen for an hour at a time. That's too much! Do choose listening passages that are interesting and not too difficult. Choose  tapes  on which the people speak clearly and not too fast. Take it easy, at first. Success with simple tapes at the beginning is the answer. Later on you can practice with tapes that are more difficult.\nFinally, how can you learn to write well? How do you use little words like in, on, of and for? There are two answers to this. First, do some study with new words. Keep a list of verbs like look for, look after and so on. Second, read as much English as possible. There are many things that can't be learnt. You must see them in books many times. Then you'll be able to use them correctly  yourself. So, in order to write well, you must first learn to read much.", "id": "middle7988.txt"}