{"answers": ["B", "C", "D", "C"], "options": [["they have many ways to cure the patients", "it's difficult to find a good way to cure the patients", "taking hot baths and drink warm liquids can cure the patients", "people should eat chicken soup to cure themselves"], ["you get a fever", "the weather is so cold", "blood rushes to your nose and brings congestion with it", "too much virus stays in your nose and prevent you from breathing"], ["peaceful", "safe", "useful", "deathful"], ["The heat in your body can kill the virus when you have a fever.", "A running nose can prevent the virus from attacking your cells.", "If you have a cold , you mustn't take medicines.", "It's not the same to cure the patients when they have a cold."]], "questions": ["The scientists think    _    .when someone catches a cold.", "Why can't you breathe we11 when you catch a cold? Because.", "The blood is    _   for the virus when someone gets a cold.", "Which sentence is not right according to the passage?"], "article": "Many people catch a cold in the spring time and / or fall.  It makes us wonder .if scientists can send a man to the moon, why they can't find a cure for the common cold. The answer is easy. There are exactly hundreds of kinds of cold viruses there. You never know which one you will get, so there isn't a cure for each one.\nWhen a virus attacks your body, the body works hard to get rid of it. Blood rushes to your nose and brings congestion with it .You feel terrible because you can't breathe well, but your body is actually \"eating\" the virus. Your temperature rises and you get a fever, but the heat of your body is killing the virus. You also have a running nose to stop the virus from getting to your cells.  You may feel miserable, but actually your wonderful body is doing everything it can to kill the cold.\nDifferent people have different remedies for colds. In the United States and sane other countries, for example, people might eat chicken soup to feel better. Some people take hot baths and drink warm liquids.  Other people take medicine to stop the fever, congestion, and running nose.\nThere is one interesting thing to note - some scientists say taking medicines when you have a cold is actually bad for you. The virus stays in you longer because your body doesn't have a way to fight it and kill it .Bodies can do an amazing job on their own.  There is a joke, however, on taking medicine when you have a cold. It goes like this:", "id": "middle8022.txt"}