{"answers": ["D", "B", "A"], "options": [["there are few flowers around us now", "flowers are not allowed in the workplaces", "people don't like flowers any more", "how we can get flowers when we're busy"], ["You don't like the flowers", "The flowers are expensive", "You're at work", "Flowers aren't allowed"], ["To advise people to buy flowers online.", "To explain why people don't buy flowers.", "To list the advantages of buying flowers online.", "To share some information about a flower shop."]], "questions": ["This passage mainly tells us that   _   .", "The following reasons why you don't like flowers are talked about except", "What's the purpose of the author's writing this passage?"], "article": "There are plenty of possible reasons why you don't have any flowers near you. Perhaps, you just don't like them. Or maybe someone nearby doesn't. Maybe you're at work, and flowers are not allowed. Assuming  the problem is simply that you don't have time to go out and get flowers, you may be surprised to learn just how easy it actually is.\nIt's good to get flowers for yourself, but even better to be given them. I'm sure you know this, just as I'm sure there's someone special in your life who feels the same way. So why not take the chance to make someone happy, and get them some flowers? I know, you would, but it's just too much trouble.  Well, that's where you're wrong!\nIt' s a good excuse, and while it might have worked in the past, I'm afraid it doesn't work any more. Perhaps you are really too busy to go into town and get some flowers. On the other hand, the fact that you are reading this clearly shows that you have enough time to go online. Nowadays, you can buy pretty well anything online, and yes that includes flowers. By the way, there's another point to consider here. Price. I'm sure you've noticed that you can usually get things cheaper if you buy online, and flowers are no exception . For the same price as a few roses, you could have a full bouquet of flowers picked and arranged by an expert.\nSo why are you still here? Go online, and hunt down some flowers! There are plenty of flower shops available , and you should have no trouble finding one that\nnear you, especially if you live in a city or large town.  Then you're just a few clicks away from a beautiful bouquet.\n,", "id": "middle8088.txt"}