{"answers": ["D", "B", "B"], "options": [["Teens are too busy with study to work at high school.", "Teens experience stress for the first time at high school.", "Teens are worried about being independent in the future.", "Teens who work will deal with stress better in the future."], ["Working makes teens get lower grades.", "Working teaches teens to spend money more wisely.", "Working helps teens to get on better with their parents.", "Working stops teens from taking part in after-school activities."], ["What money means to teens.", "Why teens should work after school.", "Whether parents should help teens find jobs.", "How teens get money for after-school activities."]], "questions": ["What can we learn from Paragraph 3?", "Which of the following is true according to the passage?", "What does the passage mainly talk about?"], "article": "Sports, drama, and all kinds of organizations keep students busy during high school. Where do they get the money to do these things? Not everyone gets it from parents. Most have to work for at least some of the money to pay for these activities. Some adults question if high school students should have jobs. I say yes, they undoubtedly should.\nSome people worry that teens with after-school jobs will have difficulty finding time for schoolwork. Actually, having a job helps teens make better use of their time. Many jobs take only a couple of hours on weeknights. According to an article, 86 percent of high school students have an after-school, weekend or summer job and students who work between 10 and 20 hours per week during the school year get higher grades than those who do not work at all. Instead of considering working after school a\n, it should be looked at as real-world education.\nOther people think that work adds too much stress , which may be somewhat true, but whether having a job or not, there is always stress. Better to learn how to deal with busy schedules in a controlled environment like high school than to be out on your own and alone in the future, experiencing stress for the first time. I personally would be worried about the teenager who has to become independent without having any experience of working.\nThe biggest reason teens should work is that it is a healthy way of making money. There are many things teens need to pay for and they cannot do it if they don't have a job. Not all parents can pay for these activities. My dad told me, \"Having a job is a good way to save up for things you are going to need or want to do. You get a lot more out of things if you pay for them yourself.\" The sooner kids make money, the sooner they can learn how to use money wisely. If they are not allowed to work in high school, they may have a hard time in the future. Teens should, without a doubt, be allowed to work on school nights.", "id": "middle8166.txt"}