{"answers": ["B", "B", "D", "C"], "options": [["Because her parents make her happy.", "Because her parents can't understand her.", "Because her friends don't like her parents.", "Because her parents don't think she is good at school."], ["more fun", "less freedom", "more freedom", "less clothes"], ["Be different from the other teenagers.", "Don't tell her parents what she wants to do.", "Take no notice of her parents and do whatever she likes.", "Discuss her problem with her parents."], ["According to Dr Jackson, Angel's problem isn't usual.", "Angel's father likes the music that Angel likes.", "Angel should show her parents that she is a responsible person.", "Angel doesn't love her parents at all."]], "questions": ["Why has Angel written to Dr Jackson?", "Angel has    _    than her friends.", "What advice does Dr Jackson give to Angel?", "Which of the following is TRUE?"], "article": "Dear Dr Jackson,\nMy parents are never happy with me. They are always criticizing   my clothes, my hair and the music I listen to. They hate my friends' looks and they keep complaining when I go with them. I'm not allowed to stay out as late as my friends do, so I can't have any fun, My parents only seem to care about my school marks. Although I love them, sometimes I feel we live in different worlds. If they love me, can't they understand me? How can I make them understand me?\nDear Angel,\nYour problem is common   to both teenagers and parents. Don't worry, bacause all this is natural.You see, your parents have grown up at a different time and they have different experiences. So, they think some things are strange, but you find the same things ordinary. For example, the music you like may sound like noise to them. Your parents love you, so they feel they must protect you from whatever they find strange.On the other hand, you don't want to be different from other teenagers, so you feel that your parents restrict you.\nI think you should talk about this problem with your parents. Try to explain to them what you want and make them know they can believe you. Sooner or later. they'll find you are a responsible   person and they will give you more freedom  .", "id": "middle8173.txt"}