{"answers": ["D", "A", "D", "A", "D"], "options": [["Because they don't have a map.", "Because the living space is quite small.", "Because there are too many corridors for rooms.", "Because the corridor inside the carrier is too long."], ["Because the carrier is designed for researching purposes, rather than comfortable living.", "Because the carrier is small.", "Because It has all the functions for daily life.", "Because the whole corridor could reach over 20 kilometers."], ["The aircraft carrier is high since it is just like a small city.", "Most of the soldiers received good education.", "The expense to run a carrier is high.", "The high-level of their training."], ["50", "150", "200", "600"], ["Liaoning is our country's first aircraft carrier.", "Most of the sailors on the carrier are college graduates.", "There are far fewer women sailors than men sailors on the carrier.", "It is comfortable for the sailors to live in the carrier."]], "questions": ["Why do we visitors get lost easily inside the carrier?", "Why is the living space for the sailors quite small?", "What does the word \"high\" in Line 4 refer to ?", "The number of female sailors is about    _", "Which of the following is NOT TRUE according to the passage?"], "article": "It's a long-awaited day for China. The navy now has its first aircraft carrier , Liaoning. It's a unique experience to get to know the life in the carrier. The carrier is just like a small city on the sea. It has all the functions for daily life. There are 4 words to sum up its characters: big, small, much and high. The carrier Liaoning is such a huge one that the total length of the whole corridor could reach over 20 kilometers. But the living space for the sailors is quite small. That's because the carrier is designed for researching purposes, rather than comfortable living. Over 1,000 sailors, both men and women, are living onboard. They are arranged among over 3,000 tiny rooms below the deck.. For visitors, it's so easy to get lost. So the first thing the new sailors have to learn is their way around. The number of female sailors is much less than that of the males, taking about 5 percent of the total. But they play a key role in carrying out some special missions.\nAlso, you will be surprised by the high level of education of today's sailors. The captain said that over 90 percent of the sailors are college graduates. Six hold Doctor's Degrees and 45 have a Master's. The whole team is young but vigorous. The complex work on the carrier requires high management abilities for the commanders onboard .", "id": "middle8180.txt"}