{"answers": ["C", "C", "A", "B", "D"], "options": [["anyone can choose his color preference in his life", "no one can choose his color preference in his life", "anyone is born with his color preference", "no one is born with his color preference"], ["if you enjoy life, you must like yellow, orange and red", "when you are quiet, you must prefer grays and blues", "if you love green, you usually do what you have decided", "if you love pink, you often go to flower shops"], ["colors may affect the emotional states of the people", "colors may decide the results of our work and study", "color preference can tell you who your friends are", "color preference can help you to see through your enemies"], ["It is no proper to wear a red dress in summer.", "We feel happier and more active if we see light and bright colors.", "All the machines in a factory are painted orange.", "No machines in a factory are painted black."], ["color preference has something to do with one's character", "colors have effects on human psychological states", "you will know your friends or your enemies by knowing the colors they like", "all of the above."]], "questions": ["The author believes in the passage that   _   .", "According to the passage,    _   .", "Psychologists study the meaning of color preference because   _   .", "Which of the following statement is TRUE according to the passage?", "The main idea of this passage is    _   ."], "article": "What is your favourite colour? Do you like yellow, orange, red? If you do, you must be an optimist , a leader, an active person who enjoys life, people and excitement. Do you prefer greys and blues? Then you are probably quiet, shy and you would rather follow than lead. If you love green, you are strong-minded and determined. You wish to succeed and want other people to see you are successful. At least this is what psychologists tell us, and they should know, because they have been seriously studying the meaning of colour preference, and the influence that colours have on human beings. They tell us that we don't choose our favourite colours as we grow up. If you happen to love brown, you did so as soon as you opened your eyes, or at least as soon as you could see clearly.\nA yellow room makes us feel more cheerful and more comfortable than a dark green one, and a red dress brings warmth and cheer to the saddest winter day. On the other hand, black is depressing. Light and bright colours make people not only happier but more active. It is a fact that factory workers work better, harder, and have fewer accidents when their machines and painted orange rather than black or dark grey.\nRemember, then, that if you feel low, you can always brighten your day or your life with a new shirt or a few colourful things. Remember also that you will know your friends and your enemies better when you find out what colours they like and dislike. And don't forget that anyone can guess a lot about your character when you choose a piece of handkerchief .", "id": "middle8264.txt"}