{"answers": ["B", "D", "C"], "options": [["It is the most convenient way for them to get regular exercise.", "It is a good place in which to discuss business matters.", "It is a great way to escape from the noise and pollution of the city.", "It gives them the opportunity to meet local people in a social setting."], ["she is going to have a baby", "her working hours are too long", "it's not easy to find suitable home help there", "the cost of a good education there is too high"], ["explain the reasons for Bangkok's rapid economic growth over the past 30 years", "promote the many attractions Bangkok has to offer tourists visiting the city", "describe the attractions of living in Bangkok for foreign business people", "compare the lifestyles of Burmese workers and foreign business people in Bangkok"]], "questions": ["What is the main attraction of golf for business people according to the passage?", "Sarah Huang says she'll eventually leave Bangkok because", "The main purpose of the passage is to"], "article": "Over the last 30 years, Bangkok, once a small fishing village, has transformed into a rich, concrete, high-rise city that it is today. The spreading metropolis and its population of 12 million now produces 35 per cent of Thailand's economic wealth.\nAs a magnet for foreign companies, Bangkok attracts many overseas managers and business people from different fields, including tourism, automobiles and electronics. The city's population of foreigners is in the high hundreds of thousands, with tens of thousands of Japanese, Chinese and western employees working alongside hundreds of thousands of Burmese who mostly do unskilled jobs shunned by Thais.\nFor those used to the good life, the variety and quality of the city's food is a key attraction, says one US manager, before listing many of his favourite Italian, Mexican and, of course, Thai restaurants. Most offer quality meals for less than the cost of a takeaway sandwich in London.\nGreat choice and value can be found in Bangkok's other attractions, too. For overseas business people who enjoy shopping in luxury and air-conditioned comfort, the city has hundreds of modern shopping malls. Some foreigners, however, prefer the charms of Chatuchak Market, where anything can be bought at a good price by the skilled bargainer.\nWhen the time comes to talk business many overseas business people prefer to move out of the markets and onto the golf course. Thailand has thousands of courses, which can provide a welcome break from the busy and noisy city life. But most business people go to the golf course because it's the perfect place to discuss the next big deal.\nBecause of the fast-paced life some foreign business people see Bangkok as a place to stay for the short term, rather than a lifetime. Australian computer software designer Sarah Huang is seven months pregnant but still working full-time in her Bangkok office. She says the city is \"definitely a place I want to stay for the next five, ten years\". Nannies and home help are affordable, but high fees for quality secondary education have convinced Ms. Huang to return to Australia when her child reaches high school age.", "id": "high10108.txt"}