{"answers": ["A", "C", "D"], "options": [["the strength of family unity", "the difficulty of growing up", "the advantage of chopsticks", "the best way of giving a lesson"], ["They did not finish their college education.", "They could not bear to work in the family business.", "They were influenced by what Helene taught them.", "They were troubled by disagreement among family members."], ["How to Run a Corporation", "Strength Comes from Peace", "How to Achieve a Big Dream", "Family Unity Builds Success"]], "questions": ["Helene tied several chopsticks together to show   _  .", "What can we infer about the An daughters?", "Which of the following can be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "When her five daughters were young, Helene An always told them that there was strength in unity  . To show this, she held up one chopstick, representing oneperson. Then she easily broke it into two pieces. Next, she tied several chopsticks together, representing a family. She showed the girls it was hard to break the tied chopsticks. This lesson about family unity stayed with the daughters as they grew up.\nHelene An and her family own a large restaurant business in California. However, when Helene and her husband Danny left their home in Vietnam in 1975, they didn't have much money. They moved their family to San Francisco. There they joined Danny's mother, Diana, who owned a small Italian sandwich shop. Soon afterwards, Helene and Diana changed the sandwich shop into a small Vietnamese restaurant. The five daughters helped in the restaurant when they were young. However, Helene did not want her daughters to always work in the family business because she thought it was too hard.\nEventually the girls all graduated from college and went away to work for themselves, but one by one, the daughters returned to work in the family business. They opened new restaurants in San Francisco and Los Angeles. Even though family members sometimes disagreed with each other, they worked together to make the business successful. Daughter Elisabeth explains, \"Our mother taught us that to succeed we must have unity, and to have unity we must have peace. Without the strength of the family, there is no business.\"\nTheir expanding business became a large corporation in 1996, with three generations of Ans working together. Now the Ans' corporation makes more than $20 million each year. Although they began with a small restaurant, they had big dreams, and they worked together. Now they are a big success.", "id": "high10234.txt"}