{"answers": ["B", "B", "C", "C"], "options": [["She was afraid the dog would get the family, into trouble.", "It would be her business to take care of the dog", "Her husband and daughter were united as one.", "She didn't want to spoil he' daughter."], ["Joe died in 2009", "Joe fell ill in 2007", "the writer began to walk the dog", "the dog tired to please the writer"], ["Misty couldn't live without her", "Her friends didn't offer any help", "The walk provided her with spiritual comfort.", "She didn't want Misty to 'others companion."], ["One should learn to enjoy hard times.", "A disaster can change everything in life.", "Moments of joy suggest that there is still hope ahead.", "People will change their attitude toward you when you are in difficulty."]], "questions": ["why didn't the writer agree to raise a dog at the beginning of the story?", "The story came to its turning point when  _  .", "Why did the writer continue to walk Misty while Joe was in hospital?", "What is the message the writer wants to convey in the passage?"], "article": "In 2004 ,when my daughter Becky was ten , she and my husband ,Joe, were united in their desire for a dog . As for me , I shared none of their canine lust.\nBut why , they pleaded. \"Because I don't have time to take care of a dog.\" But we'll do it. \" Really? You're going to walk the dog? Feed the dog? Bathe the dog?\" Yes, yes , and yes .\"I don't believe you .\" We will . We promise.\nThey didn't . From day two (everyone wanted to walk the cute puppy that first day ) , neither thought to walk the dog . While I was slow to accept that I would be the one to keep track of her shots , to schedule her vet appointments , to feed and clean her , Misty knew this on day one . As she looked up at the three new humans in her life (small, medium, and large) , she calculated , _ \nQuickly, she and I developed something very similar to a Vulcan mind meld   . She'd look at me with those sad brown eyes of hers , beam her need , and then wait , trusting I would understand -- which , strangely , I almost always did . In no time , she became my feet as I read , and splaying across my stomach as I watched television .\nEven so , part of me continued to resent walking duty . Joe and Becky had promised. Not fair , I'd balk   silently as she and I walked . \"Not fair , \" I' d loudly remind anyone within earshot upon our return home .\nThen one day -- January 1, 2007 , to be exact -- my husband ' s doctor uttered an unthinkable word : leukemia ( ) .With that , I spent eight to ten hours a day with Joe in the hospital , doing anything and everything I could to ease his discomfort. During those six months of hospitalizations, Becky, 12 at the time, adjusted to other adults being in the house when she returned from school. My work colleagues adjusted to my taking off at a moment's notice for medical emergencies. Every part of my life changed; no part of my old routine remained.\nSave one: Misty still needed walking. At the beginning, when friends offered to take her\nthrough her paces, I declined because I knew they had their own households to deal with.\nAs the months went by,I began to realize that I actually wanted to walk Misty. The walk in the morning before I headed to the hospital was a quiet, peaceful time to gather my thoughts or to just be before the day's medical drama unfolded. The evening walk was a time to shake off the day's upsets and let the worry tracks in my head go to white noise.\nWhen serious illness visits your household, it's , not just your daily routine and your assumptions about the future that are no longer familiar. Pretty much everyone you acts differently.\nNot Misty. Take her for a walk, and she had no interest in Joe's blood counts or 'one marrow test results. On the street or in the park, she had only one thing on her mind: squirrels! She Was so joyous that even on the worst days, she could make me smile. On a daily basis she reminded me that life goes on.\nAfter Joe died in 2009,Misty slept on his pillow.\nI'm gratefulto a point. The truth is, after years of balking, I've come to enjoy m' walks with Misty. As I watch her chase after a squirrel, throwing her whole being into the here-and-now of an exercise that has never once ended in victory, she reminds me, too, that no matter how harsh the present or unpredictable the future , there's almost always some measure of joy to be extracted from the moment.", "id": "high10263.txt"}