{"answers": ["B", "D", "A"], "options": [["Go to the Snowdonia Centre.", "Choose the holiday in Devon.", "Join the World Sea Trip of 2008.", "Visit Acapulco and Hawaii."], ["It provides chances of family gatherings.", "It provides customers with good food.", "It offers comfortable rooms.", "It offers a sports lesson."], ["You can sleep on a ship and tour many places.", "You can have free meals on deck every day.", "You will have chances to watch and act in a play.", "You have to do your own packing and unpacking."]], "questions": ["What can you do if you like to go on holidays with pets?", "In what way is the Snowdonia Centre different from the other two holidays?", "What is special about the World Sea Trip of 2008?"], "article": "Holidays\nHoliday News\nVacancies  now and in the school holidays at a country hotel in Devon. This comfortable, friendly home-from-home lies near the beautiful quiet countryside, but just a drive away from the sea. The food is simple but good. Children and pets are welcome. Reduced prices for low season.\nThe Snowdonia Centre\nThe Snowdonia Centre for young mountain climbers has a mountain climbing lesson. The beginners' costs are PS57 for a week, including food and rooms. Equipment is included except walking shoes, which can be hired at a low cost. You must be in good health and prepared to go through a period of body exercises. This could be the beginning of a lifetime of mountain climbing adventure.\nThe World Sea Trip of a Lifetime\nOur World Sea Trip of 2008 will be unlike any holiday you have ever been on before. Instead of one hotel after another, with all its packing and unpacking, waiting and traveling, you just go to bed in one country and wake up in another. On board the ship, you will be well taken care of. Every meal will be first-class and every cabin like your home. During the trip, you can rest on deck , enjoy yourself in the games rooms and in the evening dance to our musical team and watch our wonderful play. You will visit all the places most people only dream about -- from Acapulco and Hawaii to Tokyo and Hong Kong. For a few thousand pounds, all you've ever hoped for can be yours.", "id": "high10266.txt"}