{"answers": ["C", "A", "B"], "options": [["By car.", "By train.", "By boat.", "By plane."], ["book B& B inns open throughout the year to their own taste", "take a ferry to Clinton for a special adventure", "enjoy a wide variety of recreation like dancing and singing", "feel secure to watch whales performing"], ["aims to decrease crime rate", "is an annual local event", "is intended for detectives", "offers visitors a chance to make money"]], "questions": ["How can you get to Clinton according to the passage?", "According to the passage, visitors in Langley can   _  .", "We learn from the text that Mystery Weekend  _   ."], "article": "A murder will occur this weekend in the peaceful seaside town of Langley, Washington. In fact, a murder has occurred there every February for the past 25 years. But don't panic! It's all part of the town's yearly Mystery Weekend.\nWhat began as a local event in 1984 now attracts visitors from over the U.S. and even abroad. Would-be detectives arrive and check in at the visitor center on Saturday. There, they receive a packet, including a newspaper with details about the crime and information telling where to find clues . Participants then travel to various shops, restaurants and other downtown locations, picking up clues as they go. Along the way, they encounter and interview suspects played by local townspeople. Most Langley residents participate in some way in the Mystery Weekend, a true community event.\nAmateur detectives have until Sunday at 4:00 p.m. to solve the crime and turn in their guesses. Then as everyone gathers, the murderer is found and arrested, and prizes are awarded for correct answers. It's the perfect ending for a murder mystery and enormous fun for those who get to play detective.\nFor visitors, Mystery Weekend is not only fun but also a great introduction to the charms of Langley. It's a very attractive community with historic buildings, exciting ocean views and above all, friendly people. Since Langley is on an island, a fun way to get there is by taking a car ferry to the nearby town of Clinton and then driving the rest of the way. Langley has a delightful selection of inns with bed and breakfasts that are open all year round. And activities in Langley aren't limited to Mystery Weekend. There is also great hiking, biking, golfing and diving to enjoy. And for a special adventure, visitors can book on one of the whale - watching ships that leave nearby harbors each day.", "id": "high10310.txt"}