{"answers": ["D", "A", "D"], "options": [["The goals are too high to achieve.", "We have a large amount of work to do.", "We are naturally lazy and never do exercise.", "The reason isn't given in the passage."], ["we should think twice before choosing heath products", "the key to a healthy lifestyle is getting enough sleep", "food high in salt and sugar is the best choice for us", "we should walk once a day for a healthy lifestyle"], ["How to achieve our goals.", "The best way to take exercise.", "How to make a difference in life.", "Suggestions for a healthy lifestyle."]], "questions": ["Why can't we keep up with our goals according to the passage?", "It can be inferred from the passage that   _  .", "What does the passage mainly talk about?"], "article": "At the beginning of every year we promise ourselves we will live a healthier life, and exercise more. The year tarts with the best of intentions, but many times we are unable to keep up with very high goals. Good news is that a healthy lifestyle is achievable and it's all about making small changes that make a difference.\nNews on healthy lifestyles says that the key is moderation and consistency. There are so many health and well-being products out there in the market promising many things. And although many may be true, select carefully.\nThe basics of a healthy lifestyle is maintaining a balanced diet and doing regular exercise. By eating well, it means really to make sure you include plenty of vegetables and fruit preferably in season in your diet, avoid fried and junk foods and foods high in sugar as well as processed foods. Eating fresh homemade meals rather than ready-made meals which are high in salt and sugar is always the better option. Reducing alcohol intake, drinking plenty of water and supplementing your diet with healthy snacks like nuts and seeds.\nFor external care choose natural skin care products and hair care oil. Natural beauty care involves using natural moisturizers like Argan oil, Coconut oil and Sweet Almond oil. These nourish the skin far more than counter creams full of chemicals. Skin reflects what we put inside of us, so a healthy diet with plenty of greens and healthy protein will make your skin brighter.\nOf course exercise is essential but the key is regular and consistent exercise. So walking three times a week for 45 minutes is much more beneficial than a binge workout once a week.", "id": "high10342.txt"}