{"answers": ["B", "D", "C"], "options": [["the disadvantages of children's using computers", "the advantages of children' using computers", "the development of computers", "the fact that using computers makes children lose their way"], ["It provides new ways of learning.", "It encourages children' confidence.", "It can enrich family life.", "Kids can play violent games on it."], ["They reduce the connection between family members.", "They destroy the relationship between parents and kids.", "They provide more opportunities of communication.", "They make all the family members study together."]], "questions": ["The passage is mainly talking about  _  .", "Which of the following is NOT an advantage of a home computer?", "What effects do computers have on family life?"], "article": "A home computer not only helps children master the old ways of learning, but also opens up possibilities that simply aren't available in traditional education. Some software, for example, allows kids to make decisions and see the results in different situations. The World Wide Web encourages young minds to move easily from link to link, topic to topic. The best software draws children into learning by making them curious--what if I click on this picture, drag this over here, visit that website?\nKnowing how to use a computer also encourages a child's confidence. Kids figure out quickly that computers are powerful, and mastering the machine makes them feel grown-up. In turn, feeling confident on a computer often translates to academic confidence. Researchers have found that attitudes toward writing, for example, improve when students write on a computer.\nPerhaps most importantly, computers can enrich family life. Forget the idea that computer kids are separated. Children like to use the computer with adults and other kids, asking questions and comparing results. \"The Internet is a unique opportunity to bring resources home, \"notes Susan Haugland, PhD, Cape Girardeau, Mo. , author of Computer and Young Children:A World of Discovery.\nAlthough the benefits of computers are real, they have disadvantages, too. Kids can lose their way, wasting hours on mindless software of violent games. Just as parents have always helped children make good choices about everything from friends to food, books to TV, now we must make sure they get the best out of computers.", "id": "high10475.txt"}