{"answers": ["B", "C"], "options": [["they were strangers in America", "they suffered from a culture shock", "the local people disliked their family", "different countries have different lives"], ["he owed a lot of money while studying at college", "he didn't graduate from university", "he found his opportunity in Washiongton State", "his father couldn't find him a job in South Texas"]], "questions": ["The writer's parents found it hard to be used to American life because   _  .", "The writer didn't return to work in South Texas after graduation because   _  ."], "article": "My parents moved from Mexico to South Texas in the early 90s with the hope for a brighter future for their family of nine---my parents, four boys and three girls. My parents have always wanted the best for us and they have done everything possible to encourage us to get a university degree. Never did they think that by pushing us that direction, it also meant encouraging us to move away and be distant from each other.\nInitially , getting accustomed to the American culture and lifestyle was very difficult for my parents. They come from a culture where kids grow up together, go to school together and most of the time live in the same neighborhood. From our point, American family values were a bit different. Typically in the US, when you turn 18, you are expected to graduate from high school, move out, find a university, possibly find a partner, get married and start a life together. Most of these decisions take you away from home; usually you have to follow opportunity and wherever that will take you.\nThis is my family's current situation. I graduated from Bethel College in Indiana in 2010, and in order to fulfill my financial responsibilities of paying off student loans, I moved to Washington State for my job with Experience Mission. Ideally my parents wanted me to come home to South Texas, but that wasn't where my opportunity took me.\nCurrently, my sister Jennifer lives in Waco, Texas, about eight hours from my parents. My two younger brothers also decided to go to college at Bethel and are away from my parents. More than likely, when they graduate, they will probably not move back home to South Texas.\nMy parent never imagined that their dream for a better future would separate our family this way.\nFacebook has played a crucial  role in the way we communicate while living in different places. Since we all use Facebook, we have found a place to connect and feel as if we were there together with each other.", "id": "high10496.txt"}