{"answers": ["B", "B", "C", "A"], "options": [["Those who work in New York.", "Those who travel in New York.", "Those who live in New York.", "Those who go there for further study."], ["are required to apply for a free library card online", "must apply for a library card in person with a parent", "should change their library cards every three years", "can enjoy extended privileges before renewing the card"], ["by email", "by fax", "by phone", "in person"], ["1368", "5188", "5678", "8888"]], "questions": ["Who can't apply for a New York Public Library card for free?", "Children ages 11 and under  _  .", "Library cards may NOT be renewed   _  .", "Which of the following can be a secret code?"], "article": "Apply for a Library Card\nAny person who lives, works, attends school or pays property taxes in New York State is eligible to receive a New York Public Library card free of charge. Adult and teen users may either apply online or in person at any New York Public Library location. Applications for children ages 11 and under must be completed in person, and require the signature of a parent. When you apply for a card online, you will receive a 7-digit temporary barcode . This allows you to set a secret code. After you receive your permanent barcode, which is required to borrow materials, search Library databases, or reserve a computer, you must renew your card.\nRenew or Validate Your Card\nAll adult, teen and child library cards for cardholders must be renewed every three years. New library card applicants who applied for a card online must renew their card before full cardholder privileges can be extended. Cardholders can visit any New York Public Library location to present the required forms of identification in order to renew or validate their card. Cardholders may also email copies of the required forms of identification to patronaccounts@nypl.org. Alternatively, this information may be faxed to 212.621.0278.\nForget Your Secret Code?\nIf you forget your secret code, you can provide the library with a valid email address, and click on the link ---\"Forgot Your secret code?\"  A link with instructions on changing your secret code will be sent to the email address on your account, giving you a brief period of time to update your information. You must select a 4 digit numeric secret code, with no repeating or obvious numbers (e.g. 1234 or 2222).  If you have not provided us with a valid email address, you may visit a library location to reset your secret code.\nReplace a Lost or Stolen Card\nCardholders are responsible for all items on a card, all use made of the card and all charges made against it until it is reported lost or stolen. If your card is lost or stolen, inform the library immediately. Call 917.ASK.NYPL (917.275.6975), email Ask NYPL, or visit to your nearest library to report the card lost.", "id": "high10502.txt"}