{"answers": ["C", "A"], "options": [["It is particularly good for children.", "It can prevent people from colds.", "It is an amazing comfort food for people with colds.", "It surely has medicinal effects on colds."], ["It is good for people with colds to have chicken soup.", "Scientists have found solid evidence about the benefits of chicken soup.", "Chicken soup can take the place of other medicines for colds.", "People still argue whether chicken soup has effects on cold symptoms."]], "questions": ["Which of the following is true about chicken soup?", "What's the author's opinion on chicken soup?"], "article": "Chicken soup has long been a comfort food for people with cold symptoms. Whether the remedy  comes from the warmth and comfort of the soup or from actual cold-fighting ingredients  in the meal, it is still up for debate.\nChicken Soup: Just the Evidence\n _ The heat, salt, and hydration provided by chicken soup may actually fight the cold virus. Laboratory studies have shown that ingredients of chicken soup with vegetables could kill viral cells and prevent the growth of new ones. The soup may also provide an anti-inflammatory  effect that helps reduce cold symptoms. Unfortunately, the benefits of chicken soup appear to be limited by how quickly the soup leaves the body. There is no indication that chicken soup would help in the prevention of colds, but its use as a remedy for symptoms is common. It is largely a safe remedy  with no ill side effects, and scientific evidence points more in favor of its cold-fighting properties  than against it.\nThe Downside of Chicken Soup\nEvidence in support of chicken soup's antiviral properties is not yet solid enough to prove true, reliable medicinal effects. Although the evidence based on personal experiences and existing research seem to support a good effect of chicken soup, a clinical trial would be very difficult to perform. In addition, some people with food allergies  or sensitivities to salt may experience ill side effects from chicken soup. Unbroken bones may also lead to a chocking risk, particularly for children. However, the potential benefits of chicken soup seem to far outweigh the possible risks.", "id": "high10510.txt"}