{"answers": ["B", "D"], "options": [["Being forced by others.", "Not having enough will power.", "Enjoying their first experiences.", "Following the examples of their friends."], ["My First Sip of Beer", "Do You Have Will Power ?", "Will Power Benefits Us", "Dark Side of Self-control"]], "questions": ["What do most people think causes bad behavior?", "What would be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "Why do people drink too much, eat too much, smoke cigarettes or take drugs? What's to blame for all the bad behavior? Most people would say that, while these self-destructive   acts can have many root causes, they all have one obvious thing in common: they are all examples of failures of self-control, lacking the will power to resist them.\nAccording to a recent study, however, if you really think about it, something about that simple answer doesn't quite make sense. In fact, it turns out that sometimes it's having will power that really gets you into trouble.\nThink back to the time you took your very first sip   of beer. Disgusting, wasn't it? When my father gave me my first taste of beer as a teenager, I wondered why anyone would voluntarily drink it. And smoking? No one enjoys their first cigarette -- it tastes awful. So even though smoking, and drinking alcohol or coffee, can become temptation   you need will power to resist, they never, ever start out that way.\nJust getting past those first horrible experiences actually requires a lot of self-control. Ironically  , only those who can control themselves well, rather than give in to them, can ever come to someday develop a \"taste\" for Budweiser beer, Marlboro cigarettes, or dark-roasted Starbucks coffee. We do it for social acceptance. We force ourselves to consume alcohol, cigarettes, coffee and even illegal drugs, in order to seem experienced, grown-up, and cool.\nThese bad habits aren't self-control failures -- far from it. They are voluntary choices, and they are in fact self-control successes. Self-control is simply a tool to be put to some use, helpful or harmful. To live happy and productive lives, we need to develop not only our self-control, but also the wisdom to make good decisions about when and where to apply it.", "id": "high1055.txt"}