{"answers": ["C", "D", "A"], "options": [["Native people and immigrants fight for the same job opportunities.", "Native people always leave the worst jobs to the immigrants.", "Different religions and cultures often result in some conflicts.", "Native people refuse the immigrants to enter their country."], ["It takes them too much trouble to migrate.", "They have made contributions to the host country.", "They are offered hard jobs but paid less.", "They should be accepted in the host country."], ["some people reject foreigners' immigrating to their own country", "the author thinks immigrating can help mix different cultures together", "immigrants to Great Britain were all Islamic people", "immigrants can only find hard and dirty jobs in other countries"]], "questions": ["What's the main problem between the immigrants and the native people according to the passage?", "What does the author think of the European immigrants?", "We may learn from the passage that  _  ."], "article": "In the past years a lot of people migrated from one country to another in Europe. They had to leave their countries with their traditions, their cultures and sometimes also their families. People migrate because they think that they will have a better life, they will find a job and they will make a lot of money for their families to survive. Sometimes it's true, and they find a job, they make a lot of money and then they go back to their families to help them. But sometimes they are not that lucky.\nThe problem that those people create is that a lot of people from Europe are unemployed and they don't have jobs because immigrants have taken so many jobs. But the question is also: Would European people want a job such as cleaning or hard labor? I think that most of them wouldn't. So we should stop criticizing for a moment and think. We would then maybe realize that it's not that bad to have immigrants at home.\nThe only problem is that it's not right that immigrants want to impose(  )their religion on other countries by leading and building mosques ( ). Because if they had done that in other countries they would have caused trouble. Phenomena like these happened a few years ago in Great Britain: It was forbidden to switch on Christmas lights outside, because Christmas is a Catholic (  ) recurrence and it was offensive for the Islamic people who lived there. That is not right. The country that gives hospitality to immigrants has the task to allow them to enter society, to be free to believe in their religion and their culture, but every country does not have to forget its tradition and culture. This is one of the many facts which happened in the past years, and I think that many others are going to happen because this phenomenon is developing every day more and more.", "id": "high10585.txt"}