{"answers": ["C", "B"], "options": [["are eager to receive more wishes", "keep traveling around 80 countries", "are able to receive kids' letters earlier", "answer most of the letters from kids"], ["is not sure about the online security", "trusts traditional ways of communication", "prefers official and formal letters", "thinks written letters are clearer than e-mails"]], "questions": ["This year Santa and his helpers   _  .", "Santa doesn't have social communications online probably because he   _  ."], "article": "This message is to inform all the children that Santa's post office in Himmelpfort, Germany, is open to receive your holiday wishes. That means you can mail your letters to Santa about 6 weeks sooner than that last year. Santa knows you've been good and wants to make sure he and his helpers receive your wish list earlier.\nEight post offices are organized across Germany to answer all letters children send. This year they plan to receive over 250,000 letters. Though the letters fly from over 80 different countries, Santa and his helpers can understand and make sure to answer all the letters.\nIn 1984, two children from Berlin sent their wish lists to Himmelpfort after spending vacation there. Their letters were answered by postal employees and later Himmelpfort increased its helpers to meet the needs of increased mail traffic. Year after year, Santa and his crew use an eco-friendly powered vehicle to collect the thousands of letters he receives from young boys and girls. The great news for this year is that if you come to the beautiful town of Himmelpfort, you can drop off your letter and visit Santa in person, from Tuesdays to Thursdays until Christmas Eve.\nSanta does not currently have an e-mail, Twitter or a Facebook account. He believes in old-fashioned communication. So get out your paper and write your wish list. Just make sure your letter is clear so you can receive an official response, send your letters to:\nSanta\nChristmas Post Office\nHimmelpfort, Germany 16798", "id": "high10598.txt"}