{"answers": ["C", "C"], "options": [["analyse the reason for the huge achievement gap between students", "find out who is to blame for the huge achievement gap between students", "talk about giving students who are doing poorly a second chance to redo the work", "discuss how to narrow the huge achievement gap between students"], ["if he did poorly the first time", "for whatever reason he did poorly the first time", "if he failed the first time in spite of his efforts", "if he comes from a suburban area"]], "questions": ["The seventh grade team leader in the author's school called a meeting to   _  .", "The author believes that a student can be given a second chance   _  ."], "article": "I am truly saddened about what is going on in my school district, especially in the school where I am currently working.\nWhy are so many students not doing well? Why is there such a huge achievement gap between urban and suburban students? Just this week, in my school the seventh grade team leader called a meeting to discuss academic detention  . The purpose of the detention is to allow students who are doing poorly a second chance to redo the work. Now if a st udent did not understand an assignment, I have no trouble allowing that student to redo a test or give some extra credit work, but if a student did poorly because he/she opted  not to do the work out of sheer laziness, that student should not be given a second chance.\nAnd parents should be responsible for their children. That is another reason why there is such a huge achievement gap. All children should be monitored at home in order to achieve great success in school. Perhaps it might be a great idea for urban school districts to offer free classes to parents on how to help their students at home. Of course this idea is far-fetched(,), after all we do not want to offend the parents. What we will do instead is to spend a large amount of money on teacher training because if the kids are not doing well it must be the fault of the teacher. That kind of mindset, if allowed to continue will be a perfect recipe for greater achievement gaps.\nI started working at my current school in August and I have been in the teaching field for 25 years. What I believe is that you can lead a horse to water but you can't make that horse drink. You can't force kids to change bad habits overnight, nor can we afford to lower standards just so a kid can pass a class.", "id": "high10622.txt"}