{"answers": ["B", "C", "B"], "options": [["His conscience of being a citizen.", "Reports about sending soldiers to Afghanistan.", "His relatives being killed in the war.", "Getting no reasonable explanation."], ["they can contribute to the development of America", "they have the moral right to do so", "they are performing their duty as a resident", "they want to become heroes in the war"], ["Most people can't understand why the States makes wars.", "The U.S.A has developed a stable central government.", "The Afghan considered Americans as undesirable occupiers", "American government should make an explanation to the public."]], "questions": ["What caused the author to write the letter?", "The soldiers go to Afghanistan because  _  .", "Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?"], "article": "Dear Editor,\nRecent reports have indicated an additional 1, 400 Marines are being sent to Afghanistan in the coming weeks. This means it costs over $1 million annually on the ground over there. I do place a higher level of blame on the policymakers who send soldiers off to kill and be killed in the field. I think the human race needs to think more about killing.\nOne needs to do the _ : \"Are these wars JUST?\" I believe that all of our wars since 1945 have been illegal, under international law as well. I suggest that all your readers examine their conscience as it relates to the matter of making war. The fact that many soldiers are motivated by a strong sense of duty does not give them some unqualified moral right to support these wars or any other. It's responsible for all the troops, and the entire population, to determine whether the Afghan or Iraq wars are in accordance with  the development of the state.\nI wish someone would give me one or more logical reasons why we are still fighting in Afghanistan and what our goals are. I certainly don't understand it and neither do many who are more knowledgeable than I.\nOutsiders have tried unsuccessfully for centuries to conquer Afghanistan, and we seem to be no more successful. We are trying to develop a stable central government, but the country is badly divided into ethnic and tribal groups, and the current government is corrupt . Moreover, we are apparently regarded as undesirable occupiers by many of its people, most notably the Taliban. \nIf we are to continue spending billions every year in Afghanistan and killing hundreds of our people and many of theirs, our government must provide us with a reasonable explanation of why we are doing so and what we can expect to accomplish.\nGeorge Myers", "id": "high10781.txt"}