{"answers": ["C", "C", "D", "A"], "options": [["to amuse the victim", "to hurt nobody emotionally", "to react to those who bother you", "to prevent one from disturbing others"], ["pleasing your boss", "destroying your colleagues' cars", "making your colleagues come late", "getting up earlier than your colleagues"], ["they wanted to eat out", "they didn't like the food with raisins", "they wanted to have a peaceful meal", "they thought their food had been ruined"], ["make a harmless revenge", "silence gossiping friends", "avoid talkative family members", "deal with annoying coworkers"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, a harmless revenge is   _  .", "As a harmless revenge, you might come first and get a raise by   _  .", "The family members threw their food in the dustbin because   _  .", "The topic of the passage is how to   _  ."], "article": "Revenge is one of those things that everyone enjoys. People don't like to talk about it, though. Just the same, there is nothing more satisfying or more rewarding than revenge. The purpose is not to harm your victims but to let them know that you are upset about something that they are doing to you. Careful planning can provide you with relief from annoying coworkers, gossiping friends or talkative family members.\nCoworkers who make comments about the fact that you are always fifteen minutes late for work can be taken care of very simply. All you have to do is get up extra one day. Before the sun comes up, drive to each coworker's house. Reach under the cover of your coworker's car and disconnect the center wire that leads to the distributor cap, the car will be unharmed, but it will not start, and your friends at work will all be late for work on the same day. If you're lucky, your boss might notice that you are the only one there and will give you a raise.\nGossiping friends at school are also perfect targets for a simple act of revenge. A way to trap either male or female friends is to leave false messages on their lockers . If the friend that you want to get is male, leave a message that a certain girl would like him to stop by her house later that day. With any luck,her boyfriend will be there. The girl won't know what's going on, and the victim will be so embarrassed that he probably won't leave his home for a month.\nWhen Mom and Dad and your sisters and brothers really begin to annoy you, harmless revenge may be just the way it makes them quiet down for a while. The dinner table is a likely place. Just before the meal begins, throw a handful of raisins   into the food. Wait about five minutes and, after everyone has begun to eat, cover your mouth with your hand and begin to make strange noises. When they ask you what the matter is, point to a raisin and yell. \"Bugs!\" They'll throw their food in the dustbin, jump into the car, and head for McDonald's. That night you'll have your first quiet, peaceful meal in a long time.\nA well-planned revenge does not have it hurt anyone. The object is simply to let other people know that they are beginning to bother you.", "id": "high10847.txt"}