{"answers": ["A", "C", "D"], "options": [["Because we are likely to have difficulty starting a hobby after retirement.", "Because we are gong to have a vast amount of free time after retirement.", "Because we will only have a limited choice of hobbies after retirement", "Because not every one of us has already started some hobbies already."], ["We can make devoted friends through volunteering.", "It can help companies find hard-working workers.", "One can even make some money by volunteering.", "Almost everyone is willing to help in some way."], ["Travelling around the world every year.", "Going back to university for further study.", "Having plenty of free time for one's hobbies.", "Living a busy life and doing what one enjoys doing"]], "questions": ["Why does the author suggest starting a hobby before retirement?", "What can we learn about volunteering from the text?", "Which of the following can best explain \"a happy retirement\"?"], "article": "If you don't prepare yourself now, retirement may be some of the most boring and dull years of your life. To have a happy, fulfilling retirement, you need to start preparing right away.\nThe most obvious thing for people to do when they retire is to take up a hobby. The most important step to take before retiring, though, is to make sure that you actually have started some hobbies. Once you're retired, unless you 've already started a hobby, you'll find it very hard to get into something new. Some hobbies aren't for everyone. Think about what you enjoy doing and start participating on a casual basis now.\nAnother thing many people participate in is volunteering. Not only does volunteering give you something to do, it also gives you a sense of accomplishment  and can add meaning to your life .Volunteering is also rewarding in other ways, too. There are hundreds of different types of volunteer services and you'll always be able to meet new and interesting people. Also, don't think that volunteering is always only about helping someone for free. Many companies pay their volunteers after they've had enough experience and prove themselves to be valuable workers.\nThere are plenty of other potions, as well. Going back to school is a great way to keep yourself feeling young. Taking a vacation around the world with your loved ones is another great way to spend your retirement.\nUltimately, though, the key to a happy retirement is simply keeping yourself busy and doing whatever you love. If there's nothing you love doing now, then you'll find that once you have a vast amount of free time, your life will be pretty empty. Now is the time to find out what you want to do when you retire.", "id": "high10850.txt"}