{"answers": ["A", "A", "B", "C"], "options": [["Soybean sprouts", "Sunflower sprouts", "Alfalfa sprouts", "Wheat sprouts"], ["increase", "decrease", "remain the same", "lose"], ["Long sunflower sprouts taste better than short ones", "Eating too long sunflower sprouts will make you feel uncomfortable in the throat", "Eating sprouts with green leaves will be harmful to your health", "It takes a long time for the food value of the seeds to multiply"], ["Sprouts of seeds for planting in the garden may not be safe to eat.", "Alfalfa sprouts taste best when their small leaves are more fully grown.", "All sprouts taste best during the early stage of their growth.", "Sunlight will make the leaves of sprouts green."]], "questions": ["Which of the following sprouts taste good whether they are long or short?", "As sprouts grow, the food value of the seeds will  _  .", "From the passage we know that  _  .", "Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?"], "article": "Bean and other seed shoots are also known as sprouts  . The dry bean seeds contain a store of nutrients just waiting to be released when they sprout. Under the right conditions they will germinate  .  As they grow, the food value of the seeds is multiplied into vitamins, minerals   and other nutrients. This happens almost overnight!\nIt is easy to grow your own sprouts, but you need to buy your seeds from supermarkets or health food stores. Seeds for planting in the garden are often powdered with chemicals, so when becoming sprouts they are not safe to eat.\nTry growing sprouts from a variety of beans and seeds. You will find different sprouts at different stages. Bean sprouts are best when they are about three centimeters long. Wheat and sunflower sprouts taste best when the sprouts and the seeds are of the same length. If the sunflower sprout is too long it leaves a funny stinging feeling in the throat after eating. Alfalfa sprouts are best when their small leaves are well developed. Pea and soybean sprouts are good long or short.\nIf you leave your sprouts in filtered sunlight for a few hours, the leaves will turn green as chlorophyll   is added. Eating sprouts with green leaves benefits your blood, cells, and the digestive system.", "id": "high10865.txt"}