{"answers": ["D", "A"], "options": [["gave up his dream finally", "wrote some articles in magazines", "he turned to others for help", "he wrote himself as a loser in cartoons"], ["Nobody Is a Nobody.", "A Hard-working Boy Is Successful.", "We Should Turn Failure into Success.", "One Cannot Succeed without Talents."]], "questions": ["When the boy suffered many defeats, he   _  .", "Which of the following is the best title of the passage?"], "article": "This is a true story about a boy who, the world might say, was a terrible underachiever. While in the eighth grade, he failed subjects repeatedly. High school wasn't much better; he _ Latin, algebra, English, and received a grade of zero in physics. The boy managed to make the school golf team, but he lost the most important golf match of the season.\nIt's not that his peers  disliked this boy; it's just that they never really seemed to notice him much. Even \"Hellos\" in the hall were a rarity. Out of all the failures in his life, there was something that did hold great importance to this boy, his love of drawing. Although in high school, the cartoons he submitted to the yearbook were rejected, once out of school, the boy was so sure of his artistic talent that he approached Walt Disney Studios with drawing works. I wish I could say the studios loved his work and immediately hired him, but such was not the case; another huge rejection.\nDespite his lack of successes, this boy did not give up. He then decided to write his own autobiography in cartoons, about a little boy who was regarded as a loser and a nobody.\nThe name of this boy was Charles Schulz, the creator of the famous Charlie Brown and comic dog Snoopy.\nIn life, it is sometimes easy to feel like a nobody. We pass hundreds of people on the street on our way to work, or walk through a faceless crowd in a mall, and no one seems to notice or care. Deep inside, we may know we are special and unique and have lots to offer, but unless someone takes the time to look our way and give us a chance, we may feel worthless, just like Charlie Brown who couldn't even manage to fly a kite or kick a football properly.\nJust as Charles Schulz had faith in his artistic talent, so too, we must realize that nobody is a nobody. We all have special gifts and talents, and every human being is deserving and capable of being loved and appreciated.", "id": "high10971.txt"}