{"answers": ["C", "D", "A", "D"], "options": [["as serious as an anxiety attack", "not so serious as an anxiety attack", "resulted from an anxiety attack", "resulted in an anxiety attack"], ["he doesn't want to have anything to eat", "he has trouble in hearing and vision", "he is always worried about others", "he can't pay attention to what he does"], ["an anxiety attack does good to us", "an anxiety attack does no harm to us", "an anxiety attack is a serious illness", "an anxiety attack is very dangerous"], ["Symptoms of Anxiety Attacks", "Ways of Getting Rid of Anxiety", "Harm Caused by Anxiety", "Getting to know Anxiety"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, a panic attack is   _  .", "A victim of anxiety attacks may have the symptoms that   _  .", "From the passage we can draw a conclusion that   _  .", "What is the best title for this passage?"], "article": "Have you ever been in a situation, where you felt uneasy because of something you think you may have forgotten to do or perhaps a feeling that you annoyed someone whom you wanted to get along with really well. If you have experienced such feelings and worse on a regular basis, then you most probably are a victim of anxiety attacks.\nAll of us, to some extent, have experienced anxiety at different levels. There are somethings you may know about anxiety, and some things that you may not be familiar with. So in order to be prepared for your unexpected feeling of anxiety, you need to get to know what anxiety is before it _ into a panic attack.\nAnxiety is simply the feeling of discomfort, uneasiness or fear of what may eventually happen resulting from an imagined, or a real threatening condition. On the extreme end panic attacks can occur due to heightened  feelings of anxiety.\nThere are two main symptoms  during an anxiety / panic attack and these are physical and emotional symptoms. Physical symptoms include difficulty in breathing, shaking, direct feeling of heat, rapid heartbeat and tiredness while emotional symptoms deal with worrying, depression, fear, and lack of focus.\nIn spite of the negative impression we have for anxiety, it is not dangerous in any way whatever. The feeling of anxiety is not bad, in fact it's more of a defensive feeling which protects us from possible danger by engaging a response within us in fight or fight situations. So it's not the \"bad guy\", you just have to learn how to control it. Panic attacks, however, are far more dangerous and should be a concern to your health. Panic can sometimes result in blurred   vision, difficulty in breathing due to a tight chest. The best way to different anxiety from any serious illness is to ask a medical expert for advice on a regular basis.", "id": "high10998.txt"}