{"answers": ["D", "C", "C", "A"], "options": [["Dark blue.", "Gray.", "Black.", "White."], ["you can say something funny when you talk to an American", "you can use his first name when you talk to an Englishman", "you must be on time when you meet people from each of the four countries", "people wear whatever they like on Friday in some companies in the UK"], ["complain about something", "say something negative about his country", "say something good about his country", "point out some disadvantages in politics"], ["China", "the USA", "Germany", "the UK"]], "questions": ["Which color should you NOT wear when meeting a person from the USA?", "All of the following statements are true EXCEPT   _  .", "When you talk to a Russian, you can   _  .", "The tips in this passage are probably given to people from   _  ."], "article": "China is the biggest market in the world, and many countries such as Germany, the USA, the UK and Russia do a lot of business in China. Let's have a look at some important tips to help you be successful when dealing with these nationalities.\nFirst, you must be punctual   with Germans. Even 5 minutes late makes a bad impression. Being punctual is also very important in the USA. In the UK, it's important to be punctual for business meetings, but nobody expects you to be on time for a social event. Half past seven really means a quarter to eight, or even eight o'clock! With Russians, you should always be on time, though it is not unusual for them to be one or even two hours late!\nIt is best to dress formally and wear dark colours when you meet people from all the four countries. In Russia, designer clothes are very common. Don't be surprised if you go to an office in the UK on a Friday and find everyone wearing jeans. Many companies have \"dress down Friday\", when people wear casual   clothes.\nIn Germany, first names are only used by family members and close friends, so be prepared to use titles and last names. In the USA you will usually be invited to use first names almost immediately. The British are quite informal and using first names in business is more and more common, especially among younger people. In Russia, however, nobody uses first names, so use titles and last names.\nIn conversation, the British and the Americans value humour, and both like to talk about sport. The weather is also a good topic of conversation with the British and the Americans, but avoid talking about politics. In Russia, say positive things about their country, but avoid making complaints. The Germans, however, prefer to get straight down to business!\nSo, use these tips, and you will be on your way to a successful international business career!", "id": "high11006.txt"}