{"answers": ["B", "D", "D"], "options": [["hire a new car", "pay more insurance", "buy a RAC Trackstar system", "inform the National Control Center"], ["how the car is stolen", "who the thief is", "what brand the car is", "where the car is"], ["automatically find directions", "seldom get their vehicles damaged", "have less chance of being in an accident", "are more likely to get the stolen cars back"]], "questions": ["If your car is stolen, you will have to   _  .", "The Trackstar system can tell the police   _  .", "According to the passage, people with RAC Trackstar   _  ."], "article": "Your car is a necessary part of your life. You use it every day. Of course, you want to hold on to it so you make sure it has the latest alarm and immobilizer. But despite all these, cars like yours are still stolen every day. In fact, in this country, one car is stolen almost every minute! And if your car is stolen, you only have a 50:50 chance of seeing it again.\nEach year, car crime costs nearly PS3 billion. Of course, if you're insured, you won't lose out, or will you? Firstly, you will have to pay extra insurance later on, and then you may not be offered the full amount by the agent. You will probably have to hire a car and you will also lose the value of the contents and accessories   in the car.\nNow comes the solution. An RAC Trackstar system, hidden in one of 47 possible secret locations in your car, is the key of our system. If your car is stolen, radio signals are sent at twenty-second intervals from the car to the RAC Trackstar National Control Center via a satellite network. Then a computer gives the vehicle's exact location, speed and direction.\nThe RAC Trackstar National Control Center, which operates 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, will immediately inform the police in the area where the car is located. Because the police receive information every twenty seconds, they will always know the vehicle's location. Once the thief has been arrested, your car will be returned to you.\nRAC Trackstar is unique in being able to provide the National Control Center with details of the exact location of your car, its speed and direction. And speed is the key to successful recovery of a stolen vehicle. RAC Trackstar Control will immediately tell the police if you report your car stolen and under the 24-hour Guardian Option. _ will also tell you if your car has been stolen. RAC Trackstar's constant updates mean the police are kept informed of the car's location. All these greatly improve your chances of seeing your car again.", "id": "high11153.txt"}