{"answers": ["B", "A", "D", "C"], "options": [["reading quickly is easy", "reading quickly and comprehending quickly can ensure their success", "reading is only for fun", "reading can ensure their success"], ["due to early school training", "a frustrating experience", "made by reading difficult materials", "made by reading carelessly"], ["teachers only", "students only", "a few people", "almost everybody"], ["go to a doctor", "review what has been learnt at school", "go to reading remedial class for special training", "consult a dictionary"]], "questions": ["To many people today,   _  .", "Most reading faults are  _", "Who can learn to read fast and with comprehension?", "According to the passage, what is the best way to improve one's reading?"], "article": "For many people today, reading is no longer relaxation. To keep up with their work they must read letters, reports, trade publications, interoffice communications: a never-ending flood of words. In getting a job or advancing in one, the ability to read and comprehend quickly can mean the difference between success and failure. Yet the unfortunate fact is that most of us are poor readers.\nMost reading faults can be traced to early school training. According to Dr. Betts, two persons out of five in school were forced to read material too difficult for them to understand at the time, a frustration experience which left them with bad reading habits.\nFortunately, almost anyone can learn to read faster and with more comprehension. Age makes little difference. According to a recent study of 138 students at The Reading Laboratory, Inc. , all age groups showed a marked increase in reading rate after training from 93 percent for the 50-90 age group to 142 percent for the 20-29.Dr. Mila Banton Smith, director of New York University's Reading Institute, says that the average adult student, in 28 training hours, nearly triples   his reading speed and boosts  his comprehension by about 30 percent.\nThe best way to improve your reading, of course, is to enroll  in a reading clinic. If there's no clinic handy, you can improve your reading ability yourself--- provided you have no eyes troubles. (if reading tires you easily or makes your eyes or head ache, you should consult a doctor.)", "id": "high11237.txt"}