{"answers": ["A", "C", "B"], "options": [["Windsor Castle has been rebuilt", "the Big Ben can be heard everywhere in London", "only some of the hotels in England serve breakfast.", "the London Eye can carry you where you like to go"], ["Buckingham Palace", "The Tower of London", "Big Ben", "The River Thames"], ["visit Windsor Castle", "tour the Buckingham Palace", "tour the city along the River Thames", "watch the soldiers outside the Buckingham Palace changing guards."]], "questions": ["We can learn from the text that   _  .", "Which place may be London's most visited tourist spot?", "If you go to London in December, you will not be able to   _"], "article": "London has more than nine million visitors every year. They come and visit some of the most famous places in England: Big Ben, the Tower of London and the River Thames.\nYou can see some of the most interesting places in London by getting on the tour buses. Or you can take a ride on the London Eye. This large wheel slowly takes you 135m above the River Thames.\nThe River Thames is London's main waterway. It has shaped the capital's _ history and geography. So one of the best ways of knowing more about the city is to take a trip along the river.\nThe clock tower of the Houses of Parliament, Big Ben, has become one of the main symbols of London. The sound of the bell, which you can hear at the beginning of many television and radio programmes, has become well-known throughout the nation.\nNo visit to London is complete without a look at the Tower of London, in the eastern part of the city. After Big Ben, the Tower may be London's most visited tourist spot. Directly south is Tower Bridge, which is more than100 years old.\nAlong all the palaces in London, Buckingham Palace is the most famous. It has been the main London home of the royal family since Queen Victoria moved there in 1873. You can visit some of the rooms in August and September. And most mornings of the year you can watch the soldiers\noutside changing the guard.\nAbout one hour by train out of London is the Tower of Windsor. Here you can visit another of the Queen's homes-Windsor Castle. There was a fire in 1992 and many of the rooms were badly burned. But now they are full of beautiful pictures, tables and chairs again.\nSightseeing in London is great, but it can get very tiring. So, the best way to start the day is to fill up with an English breakfast.\nYou can buy an English breakfast in nearly every hotel, and at many restaurants and cafes. An English pub is a good place to stop for lunch and a drink. You can get hot or cold food and try one of England's many ales . Fish and chips are also a traditional English meal. So look out for fish and chip shops in cities as well as by the sea.\nOr you can sit outside one of the many roadside pubs and cafes in London, and simply watch the busy world go by.", "id": "high11296.txt"}