{"answers": ["B", "A", "C"], "options": [["Ask the child not to do it again any time.", "Show the child how angry they are and tell him why.", "Teach the child why and how to say sorry to others.", "Let the child know you still love hime or her."], ["Calm themselves down before scolding him.", "Hide their feelings when talking to him.", "Explain immediately why he was wrong.", "Speak strongly and angrily to him."], ["Different Ways to Deal with Children's Wrongdoings", "Differences among Parents in Dealing with Children", "Best Ways to Stop Children's Wrongdoings", "Research on Preventing Children from Hurting Others"]], "questions": ["According to researchers, how should parents react when their child did something wrong?", "What do many parents think they should do with the wrongdoer?", "What could be the best title for the text?"], "article": "There's a time to get angry, and it's best for your child if you do. Let's say your child hits a playmate with a toy hard enough to make the other child cry. How can you teach your child to feel sorry so he or she won't do it again? Researchers say the best way for parents to react is to show their anger and to let the child know exactly why they are mad.\nMany parents believe that it is best to control their feelings and to wait until they're calm before scolding their children. But the mother or father who explains reasonably to a child , \"Peter was crying because you hit him,\" is not likely to attract much attention. Young children need to be scolded immediately, and strongly, before they'll take criticism  to heart.\nWhen your young child does something wrong, scold him or her seriously at once. At the same time be sure to tell the child clearly what he or she has done wrong. An angry reaction without an immediate explanation does little good. Forbidding a child to play outside or not allowing him to watch TV as a punishment works well-but only when taken together with an explanation. Make sure your child understands that although his or her wrongdoing has made you angry, you still love him or her. Use simple, direct words such as, \"You hurt peter. How would you feel if he hit you? You must never, never hurt people.\" If your voice expresses strong feeling clearly, your message will carry enough weight.", "id": "high11318.txt"}