{"answers": ["D", "A", "A"], "options": [["help the poor go through the difficulties", "let the poor know who gave away the things", "tell the poor how to use the items correctly", "tell the poor to pass on the spirit to others"], ["they thought it was the right thing to do", "they had a good habit of saving things", "they often received telephone calls for help", "they hated being troubled by homeless people"], ["Boxes filled with compassion", "Good behavior leading to happiness", "The most important thing in our life", "Happiness coming from sharing things"]], "questions": ["The couple placed the letter inside the box mainly to  _  .", "The couple liked this kind act because   _  .", "What's the best title for this passage?"], "article": "The whole morning we just checked our own things. We were looking for items to give away. We thought of blankets, food and clothing. Our aim was not to find things we no longer wanted, but things we use every day and would be useful to others.\nWe made up boxes with the things and added some small toys. Inside the boxes a simple letter was placed, reading:\n\"Please take these items and know that your life is important. Times are difficult but they will pass. We share what we have, believing it will matter. Use the blanket to stay warm. Be safe and know that the human spirit can overcome anything. Don't hold your head down. Someday please do the same when you can. How you do it and when, your heart will tell you.\nThis kind act was not because the phone rang or for any reason. It was simply because it was the right time to do. We have often seen homeless people at the park where we left the belongings. The city would say that it isn't a problem but I see the lives walking to and from it.\nI noticed that my wife had put her favorite green coat into one of the boxes. I asked if she was sure about it and she simply replied that it had a hood  . She liked the coat but knew the hood could shelter  someone from the rain.\nWe don't know where these gifts of compassion will go. We never go back and see what happens. It's unimportant. The right things will find the right people and that is all that counts. On the way my wife started to cry. When I asked why, she said because some things felt so right.", "id": "high11347.txt"}