{"answers": ["C", "B", "D"], "options": [["The news report didn't mention the loss caused by the fire.", "After reading the report we know how the fire broke out.", "The reporter tended to think the bomb had something to do with World War II", "The police refused to admit the bomb had anything to do with World War II."], ["to test their endurance", "to set a new world record", "to show their special love", "to prove they are very healthy"], ["Because it was a good chance to enjoy themselves.", "Because they were poor and wanted to gain the 2,500 dollars.", "Because they wanted to attract people's attention.", "Because they aimed at the honor and prize."]], "questions": ["Which of the following statements is right?", "The Israeli couple kissed for nearly 31 hours  _  .", "Why did so many couples take part in the contest?"], "article": "XI'AN---Seven people died in a fire early on Wednesday morning in Xi'an, capital of Shanxi Province. A restaurant with a karaoke hall in the southern suburbs caught fire around 2 a. m. and seven waitresses who were sleeping on the second floor of the restaurant were killed. The restaurant was completely destroyed and the waitresses, the local police said, were killed by _ smoke from burning decorations.\nMANILA---Four people were killed yesterday in the central Philippine island of Tacloban when a bomb they had dug up exploded, local police were quoted as saying. The four people were digging to set up a septic(poisonous)tank in their house when they dug up the bomb. It went off, killing all four people, local police were quoted by radio station DZBB as saying. The police did not say where the bomb came from. Unexploded bombs from World War II are still discovered around the Philippines once in a while.\nTEL AVIV---An Israeli couple kissed for 30 hours and 45 minutes which, a spokeswoman said yesterday, was a world record. The couple, both in their twenties, started kissing on Monday at 8:30 p.m. along with 250 other couples in a contest. \"For nearly 31 hours they didn't eat, drink, talk or even go to the bathroom. And the whole time, they were standing up\", said Arielle Goldman, who handled public relations for the event. She said a representative of the Guinness Book of World Records was on hang to witness the event, recorded on video. The previous record was 29 hour and 37 minutes, Goldman said. The winning couple received two round-the-world plane tickets and $ _ . (277 words)", "id": "high11399.txt"}