{"answers": ["D", "B", "A", "C"], "options": [["It is always difficult to find a job.", "Everyone can find a job in good times.", "Contrary to popular belief, it is easier to find a job in bad times.", "It is possible to find a job even in times as bad as now."], ["They have found the reason for unemployment.", "They have put forward a set of ideas to deal with unemployment.", "They have found out why people don't want to be employed.", "They have long studied the problem of unemployment."], ["Pissarides thinks his work surprising.", "The work of Pissarides has influenced many economists.", "Some of the winners' ideas have been put into practice.", "It is probable that unemployed young people in Britain benefit from Pissarides' work."], ["spending large sums of money on training", "teaching some knowledge of economics", "providing work experience", "keeping people unemployed for some time"]], "questions": ["According to the writer, which is true about finding jobs?", "What is it that leads to their winning the prize?", "Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage?", "According to Pissarides,   _   is effrctive in dealing with unemployment."], "article": "Why doesn't the unemployment rate ever reach zero? Economists, who generally believe that supply tends to meet demand, have long thought about this question. Even in good times, i.e. not now, there are people who can't find work. And even in bad times, i.e. now, there are job openings. With over 14 million people out of work and looking for a job, you would think every available job would be filled. But that's not the case. Not now and not ever.\nOn Monday, the Nobel Prize committee awarded the prize for economics to the three scholars who have done the most to explain this phenomenon. Two of the winners are Americans, Peter Diamond of MIT and Dale Mortensen of Northwestern. The third winner is Christopher Pissarides, who teaches at the London School of Economics and was born on Cyprus.\nLike most of economics, what they have found about why the jobless and ready-employers don't find each other seems obvious. You have to find out there is job opening you are interested in. Employers need to get resumes  . It takes a while for both employers and employees to make the decision that this is what they want. And these guys came up with a frame-work to study the problem of why people stay unemployed longer than they should and what can be done about it.\nSo what would today's Nobel Prize winners do to solve the current problem of the unemployed? And does the awarding of the prize contribute to the politicians' lowering joblessness?\nSpeaking from his north London home, Pissarides told The Associated Press the announcement came as \"a complete surprise\" though his work had already helped shape thinking on both sides of the Atlantic.\nFor example, the New Deal for Young People, a British government policy aimed at getting 18-24-year-olds back on the job market after long periods of unemployment, \"is very much based on our work,\" he said.\n\"One of the key things we found is that it is important to make sure that people do not stay unemployed too long so they don't lose their feel for the labor force,\" Pissarides told reporters in London. \"The ways of dealing with this need not be expensive training - it could be as simple as providing work experience.\"", "id": "high11463.txt"}