{"answers": ["D", "A", "C"], "options": [["To advise us to buy an expensive artwork.", "To remind us to be sensible when buying an artwork.", "To teach us how to choose works of art.", "To explain the benefit of art to people."], ["Whether it brings pleasure to you.", "Whether it is fashionable at present.", "Whether you can profit from it in the end.", "Whether it is created by a famous artist."], ["ordinary", "attractive", "necessary", "unique"]], "questions": ["What's the purpose of the passage?", "According to the author, what should you consider when buying a piece of art?", "Which of the following words best describes a work of art placed in a house?"], "article": "Why do people buy art? To answer this question, ask yourself what your reasons are for thinking of getting a piece of art. An artwork can cost a large amount of money, but if it meets your needs, it's worth every penny.\nPeople buy art for many reasons. Many people buy an artwork simply because they like it, even if it is by an unknown artist. Art, as long as you enjoy it, is never a waste of money.\nArt is for enjoyment. Art is meant to be shown. Don't ever feel pressured into buying something you won't enjoy looking at day after day, no matter what other people may say. Don't buy something that doesn't attract you just because it is trendy, or because the artist is famous, or because you have been advised that the artwork will make a good investment. If you don't like the artwork at all, don't buy it!\nArt improves your environment. Have you ever noticed that all beautiful homes have art as an integral  part of the decoration? Art lends life and color to otherwise plain and ordinary walls. A well thought--out art collection will help create a unique atmosphere in your home and make it more attractive.\nArt makes a statement. The kind of art you surround yourself with says much about your personality tastes and values. _ .\nArt enriches your life. Love--even the love of a work of art--contributes to healthier living and a longer lifespan  . Art should enrich your life. Otherwise, why do you spend precious time and resources on it?\nJust remember to select something which will appeal to your tastes, and keep to a sensible budget. Good art needn't cost an arm and a leg.\nHappy art collecting!", "id": "high11483.txt"}