{"answers": ["B", "B", "C"], "options": [["To become wealthy.", "To offer people information.", "To heal the wounds from the war.", "To turn down uninteresting stories."], ["Before World War I.", "In 1920.", "In 1922.", "In 1935."], ["Reader's Digestonly published shortened or general books.", "After World War II\nReader's Digestwas published all over the world.", "Reader's Digestwas first private-owned and later public-owned.", "Reader's Digesthas always been headed by a Chief Executive Office"]], "questions": ["What is the purpose of De Witt Wallace creating the earliest magazine?", "When did De Will make his first trial of the magazine?", "What can be known about Reader's Digest from the passage?"], "article": "As De Witt Wallace lay in bed recovering from injuries that he unfortunately came by in World War I, he found there was a wealth of interesting information to read. Realizing few people would have the time to get through all this information, he knew exactly what to do. In 1920, this young American submitted a sample magazine containing shortened articles to publishers across America. However, all turned him down.\nUndeterred, De Witt and his new bride Lila Bell Acheson published the first issue of Reader's Digest in February 1922. Working from home, the Wallaces printed 5,000 copies, which were sold by mail to 1,500 people and priced at 25 cents. From these humble beginnings grew the world's most widely-read magazine.\nThe magazine became popular and, by 1935, sales topped one million. In 1938, the first international edition was published in the United Kingdom. During World War II, editions were published for the first time in Latin America and Sweden. After the war Reader's Digest moved into Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Italy, Norway, South Africa and Switzerland. In 1950, Reader's Digest published its shortened Books (now known as Select Editions in Australia). In 1959, music, the first non-print product line, was introduced. In 1962, Reader's Digest revolutionized direct mail by introducing easy-to-enter Sweepstakes and a year later the first Reader's Digest general book was published. In 1986, video was added to the Reader's Digest product line.\nIn 1973, the Wallaces gave up active management of Reader's Digest. De Witt died in 1981, aged 91; Lila in 1984, aged 94. With no heirs  to the Wallace empire to take control, Reader's Digest became a public company in the early 1990s and is now headed by a Chief Executive Office and Chairman of the Board.", "id": "high11604.txt"}