{"answers": ["C", "B", "D"], "options": [["work on his land", "sing in the choir on Sundays", "make a fortune at weddings and festivals", "teach his daughter how to sing"], ["always sleepy", "so homesick that he fell ill", "too busy teaching his daughter", "willing to be locked up with his daughter"], ["the father made very good music", "the daughter sang like an angel from Heaven", "the father walked strangely with his daughter", "they appeared to be badly off but refused money offered"]], "questions": ["When he was in the countryside, Daae did NOT   _  .", "While Daae was in Paris, he never went out of doors because he was   _  .", "What made people curious about the father and daughter was that   _  ."], "article": "There was once, in a little market-town not far from Upsala  , a peasant who lived there with his family, digging the earth during the week and singing in the choir on Sundays. This peasant had a little daughter to whom he taught the musical alphabet before she knew how to read. Daae was a great musician, perhaps without knowing it. Not a violinist in Scandinavia played as he did. His reputation was widespread and he was always invited to set the couples dancing at weddings and other festivals. His wife died when Christine was entering upon her sixth year. Then the father, who cared only for his daughter and his music, sold his land and went to Upsala in search of fame and fortune. He found nothing but poverty.\nHe returned to the country, wandering from fair to fair, playing his Scandinavian music pieces, while his child, who never left his side, listened to him in delight or sang to his playing. One day, at Ljimby Fair, Professor Valerius heard them and took them to Gothenburg. He insisted that the father was the first violinist in the world and that the daughter had the making of a great artist. Her education and instruction were provided for. She made rapid progress and charmed everybody with her prettiness, her grace of manner and her real eagerness to please.\nWhen Valerius and his wife went to settle in France, they took Daae and Christine with them. \"Mamma\" Valerius treated Christine as her daughter. As for Daae, he became ill with homesickness. He never went out of doors in Paris, but lived in a sort of dream which he kept up with his violin. For hours at a time, he remained locked up in his bedroom with his daughter, playing and singing, very, very softly.\nDaae seemed not to recover his strength until the summer, when the whole family went to stay at Perros-Guirec, in a far-away corner of Brittany, where the sea was of the same color as in his own country. Often he would play his saddest tunes on the beach and pretend that the sea stopped its roaring to listen to them. And then he persuaded Mamma Valerius to allow him to leave for a while. At the time of the \"pardons,\" the village festivals and dances, he went off with his violin, as in the old days, and was allowed to take his daughter with him for a week. They gave the smallest villages music to last them for a year and slept at night in a barn, refusing a bed at the inn, lying close together on the straw, as when they were so poor in Sweden. At the same time, they were very neatly dressed, refused the halfpence offered to them; and the people around could not understand the behaviour of this country violinist, who walked heavily on the roads with that pretty child who sang like an angel from Heaven. They followed them from village to village.", "id": "high11759.txt"}