{"answers": ["A", "C"], "options": [["he intends to improve his scores", "Polish kids are better at learning", "sports are not supported at schools in Gettysburg", "he wants to be the smartest kid in the world"], ["compare Polish schools with those in America", "call on American schools to learn from the Polish model", "draw public attention to a weakness in American school tradition", "explain what is wrong with American schools and provide solutions"]], "questions": ["Tom decides to spend his senior year in Poland because   _  .", "The purpose of this article is to   _  ."], "article": "In her new book, \"The Smartest Kidsin the World\", Amanda Ripley, an investigative journalist, tells the story of Tom, a high-school student from Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, who decides to spend his senior year in Wroclaw, Poland. Poland is a surprising educational success story: in the past decade, the country raised students' test scores from significantly below average to well above it. Polish kids have now outscored American kids in math and science, even though Poland spends, on average, less than half as much per student as the United States does. One of the most striking differences between the high school Tom attended in Gettysburg and the one he ends up at in Wroclaw is that the latter has no football team or teams of any kind.\nThat American high schools spend more time and money on sports than on math is an old complaint. In December, when the latest Program for International Student Assessment (PISA) results are announced, it's safe to predict that American high-school students will once again show their limited skills in math and reading, outscored not just by students in Poland but also by students in places like China, Finland, Singapore, and Japan. Meanwhile, they will have played some very exciting football games, which will have been breathlessly written up in their hometown papers.\nWhy does this situation continue? Well, for one thing, kids like it. And for another, according to Ripley, parents seem to like the arrangement, too. She describes a tour she took of a school in Washington D.C., which costs thirty thousand dollars a year. The tour leader -- a mother with three children in the school -- was asked about the school's flaws  . When she said that the math program was weak, none of the parents taking the tour reacted. When she said that the football program was weak, theu mean?\"\nOne of the ironies of the situation is that sports show what is possible. American kids' performance on the field shows just how well they can do when expectations are high. It's too bad that their test scores show the same thing.", "id": "high11840.txt"}