{"answers": ["D", "A"], "options": [["An exciting historical event.", "The importance of logical thinking.", "The attraction of Masquerade.", "A modern treasure hunt."], ["Katherine of Aragon.", "Stevenson's Treasure Island.", "Two stone crosses in Ampthill.", "Williams' hometown."]], "questions": ["What is the subject discussed in the text?", "What is the most important clue in the story to help Ken Roberts find the hare?"], "article": "Treasure hunts   have excited people's imagination for hundreds of years both in real life and in books such as Robert Louis Stevenson's Treasure Island. Kit Williams, a modern writer, had the idea of combining the real excitement of a treasure hunt with clues   found in a book when he wrote a children's story, Masquerade, in 1979. The book was about a hare, and a month before it came out,  Williams buried a gold hare in a park in Bedfordshire. The book contained a large number of clues to help readers find the hare, but Williams put in a lot of \"red herrings\", or false clues, to mislead _ .\nKen Roberts, the man who found the hare, had been looking for it for nearly two years. Although he had been searching in the wrong area most of the time, he found it by logic, not by luck. His success came from the fact that he had gained an important clue at the start. He had realized that the words: \"One of Six to Eight\" under the first picture in the book connected the hare in some way to Katherine of Aragon, the first of Henry VIII's six wives. Even here, however, Williams had succeeded in misleading him. Ken knew that Katherine of Aragon had died at Kimbolton in Cambridgeshire in 1536 and thought that Williams had buried the hare there. He had been digging there for over a year before a new idea occurred to him. He found out that Kit Williams had spent his childhood near Ampthill, in Bedfordshire, and thought that he must have buried the hare in a place he knew well, but he still could not see the connection with Katherine of Aragon, until one day he came across two stone crosses in Ampthill Park and learnt that they had been built in her honor in 1773.\nEven then his search had not come to an end. It was only after he had spent several nights digging around the cross that he decided to write to Kit Williams to find out if he was wasting his time there. Williams encouraged him to continue, and on February 24th 1982, he found the treasure. It was worth L3000 in the beginning, but the excitement it had caused since its burial made it much more valuable.", "id": "high11948.txt"}