{"answers": ["A", "B"], "options": [["created works of art using rubbish from Qomolangma", "were employed by the Everest Peakeers Association", "climbed Qomolangma and collected 1.5 tons of trash", "painted 74 beautiful pictures of Mount Qomolangma's peak"], ["Eco Everest Expedition Proves Successful", "Qomolangma Has Become A Huge Mess", "Test Yourself Against Qomolangma", "Recycle Rubbish On Qomolangma"]], "questions": ["The group of 15 Nepali artists  _  .", "What can be the best title for the text?"], "article": "Since Edmund Hillary and Tenzing Norgay climbed Mount Everest, Mount Qomolangma's peak is no longer a lonely place and is turning into a trash heap.\nSo far, more than 350 climbers have successfully reached the peak. And they have complained about waiting for hours in the bottlenecks   on the way to the peak, a situation that isn't just uncomfortable -- it's cold and windy up there -- but downright dangerous. If bad weather strikes, climbers can and do die.\nAs a matter of fact, the dangerous crowds aren't the only problem on Qomolangma. All those climbers need to bring a lot of _ --and much of them ends up being left on the mountain, sometimes even the peak itself. Mount Qomolangma is becoming the world's largest dump. Here's mountaineer Mark Jenkins writing in National Geographic about the state of Qomolangma: \"The two standard routes, the Northeast Ridge and the Southeast Ridge, are disgustingly polluted with oxygen cans and torn tents everywhere.\"\nBut the good news is that some mountaineers are taking it upon themselves to clean up Qomolangma. Mountianeer Paul Thelen and his friend Eberhard Schaaf are part of the annual Eco Everest Expedition, which has been cleaning up rubbish from base camps to the peak since 2008. So far they've collected over 13 tons of garbage.\nSome of that rubbish is even being used for a higher purpose. As part of the Mount Everest 8844 Art Project, a group of 15 artists from Nepal collected 1.5 tons of garbage brought down the mountain by climbers. They've transformed the cans and oxygen tanks--and in one case, part of the remains of a helicopter--into 74 pieces of art that have already gone on exhibition in Nepal's capital. Part of the profit from sales will go to the Everest Peakers Association, which has helped collect tons of rubbish on the slopes of the mountain.", "id": "high11970.txt"}