{"answers": ["B", "C", "A"], "options": [["It was strange.", "It was unacceptable.", "It was dangerous.", "It was violent."], ["It is proved to be a harmless chemical.", "It is the cause of many kinds of cancer..", "It is being refused by the US government.", "It is the main ingredient of chewing gum."], ["To advise people against chewing gum.", "To criticize people who are lazy.", "To persuade people to buy medical gum.", "To make comments on the ban in Singapore."]], "questions": ["What did the author think of the woman's behavior?", "What do we know about aspartame?", "What is the main purpose of the text?"], "article": "One day I was driving home with a woman. She rolled down the window, fifty feet away from the driveway and spit her gum  out of the window. \"Couldn't you just wait five seconds and put your gum where it belongs?\" I asked, annoyed.\nShe was not the only one who was gum-lazy. Consider the following. Every time I brush chewed gum under my desk, I shake with fright. At Folsom Middle School, whenever I had to walk by the gum wall next to the girls' locker room, I felt totally disgusted. When I was young, I walked outside during my dance show in my ballet shoes, always stepping right on a big and juicy piece of bubble gum. I was extremely upset.\nThe worst part of all these incidents is that a trash can is located near. But some people are too lazy to walk towards it.\nIf you can't be a responsible gum chewer, don't chew at all. That's all I'm going to say.\nTake Singapore as a good example. The chewing gum ban in Singapore was placed. It bans the import and sale of chewing gum in Singapore, whether for the purpose of trade or personal chewing. However, the ban has been partly lifted with some types of gum, such as medical gum, allowable. This comes with the warning that it is sold only by a druggist, who has to take down the names of buyers. Obviously, the Singapore government gets angry at gum stuck in keyholes of mailboxes and on elevator buttons.\nNot only is it annoying, but chewing gum can actually do harm to the health. Most gum contains aspartame  , a chemical sweetener that the US government is now deciding whether or not it is a deadly chemical. If it is, it may cause cancer. Other studies suggest that aspartame may cause neurological disorders. Therefore, aspartame is not allowed to use in the US.\nSo just say no to chewing gum.", "id": "high12081.txt"}