{"answers": ["D", "B", "C", "A", "D"], "options": [["His teacher gave it to him first", "The publisher sent it to him first", "His friend helped him get the first one.", "He rushed ahead to get the first one by himself."], ["She was very gentle to everyone", "She seldom praised her students.", "She was very cold to her students.", "She was respected by her students."], ["had thought his story was better than those of others", "was always anxious to know the review about him", "didn't know he got five stars until others told him", "looked through a few stories that had got four stars"], ["She thought highly of it", "She thought it was just so-so", "She thought it was extremely bad", "She doubted if it was written by him."], ["Because they helped him learn writing skills", "Because they made him happy for some time", "Because they helped him enter a key university", "Because they made him see his writing talents."]], "questions": ["How did the writer get the school paper?", "What can we learn about Professor Cullen?", "We can learn from this text that Peter  _  .", "What did Professor Cullen think of Peter's story?", "Why did the review and the five stars mean the world to Peter?"], "article": "I sat at my seat waiting for the school paper to be passed around. I waited anxiously, knowing that once I received it I would know how good a writer I really am.\nWhen the paper arrived at my classroom, I nearly knocked down five of my classmates to get to the first paper. With a school paper in my hands, I returned to my seat. About a month earlier, I had handed in one of, what I believed to be, my best stories. I named it Symbol of Success. The head of the English Department at my school, Professor Cullen had said that she would include some reviews of students' stories in the latest school paper. Professor Cullen was known for her rough criticism. Impressing her was very hard but I wanted to be the first to do so.\nI sat at the edge of my seat as I read through the other story reviews. There wasn't one story that got more than three stars .I became calm and wasn't anxious to know my review. It was long after that I heard someone shout out \"Five stars?! Seriously !\" from behind me. I turned around and saw the shocked expression of Gene's face, \"Peter, your story got five stars!\" I couldn't believe what I was hearing. I turned my attention back to my story and saw the five stars at the end of the review that I had not read yet. I looked through the review written by Professor Cullen. She wrote that I had a gift for story writing.\nI was proud that I achieved what I thought was impossible .For so long I believed I wasn't as good as I thought I was and that my talent was not enough to cover up my lack of wring skills .But this review proved that I was truly a good writer and that there was a future ahead of me in the field of fiction writing. The review and the five stars meant the world of me. Those five stars became the symbol of my success.", "id": "high121.txt"}