{"answers": ["C", "C"], "options": [["The mo people eat today is baked in a clay oven.", "The world's first hamburger which was originated in the Shanxi Province of China is popular around the world.", "The rou jia mo has a history of more than 2200 years.", "The rou jia mo and American-style burgers share a similar cooking process."], ["Delicious hamburger", "How to cook hamburger", "Chinese invented hamburger", "History of hamburger"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is TRUE?", "What would be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "The world's first hamburger doesn't come from where you think it comes from. It wasn't invented in the United States, and it didn't originate in Germany. No, the world's first hamburger comes from China.\nIf you're scratching your head right now, you're not alone. But Chinese hamburgers are very real and they definitely predate the hamburgers we call our own in the U.S. Known as rou jia mo, which translates to \"meat burger\" or \"meat sandwich\", they consist of chopped meat inside a pita-like _ , and they've been around since the Qin Dynasty, from about 221 BC to 207 BC. Despite the differences between this Chinese street food and our American-style burgers, the rou jia mo has been called the world's first hamburger.\nThe rou jia mo originated in the Shanxi Province of China, and is now eaten all over the country. It's typically prepared and eaten on the street. The dough for the bun, or mo, consists of a simple mixture of wheat flour, water and maybe yeast. Of course recipes may vary, but this basic equation makes for a chewy and subtle pillow for the delicious filling. While the mo is traditionally baked in a clay oven, today it's often fried in a pan. They may look a little like Chinese steamed buns or baozi, but the dough for those are, of course, steamed, not baked or fried.\nThe meat filling might consist of chopped pork, beef, lamb or chicken that has been stewed with a variety of spices, like ginger, cloves, coriander and star anise. You might also find herbs like cilantro or greens like lettuce garnishing the sandwich.", "id": "high12194.txt"}