{"answers": ["B", "C"], "options": [["Because they are from developed countries.", "Because the payments of hotels and services are usually made through credit cards in these places.", "Because people in these countries travel much more than those in other countries.", "Because they have more computers than others."], ["Ready to Fight", "No Good End", "Wait and See", "Peace Comes First"]], "questions": ["Why does the network aim to serve tourists especially from Europe and the USA?", "Which is the best title for the third piece of news?"], "article": "Here are four pieces of news from China Daily:\nSHANGHAI---The Huachen Group, which has put 83 million yuan in the development of the commerce market since its official registration late last year, recently held a meeting in Shanghai to show the use of its newly opened tourism business payment network. The network aims to serve tourists from all over the world, but especially from Europe and the United States where credit cards are popularly used. After opening the www.ehinaeonet.com website, netizens can get information about hotels and tourism services on tourism page. Hotels and services can be reserved and payment made through credit cards. The network opened in February in Beijing.\nSYDNEY---The Sydney Olympic flame will travel underwater on Australia's Great Barrier Reef during the torch relay following a successful test.\nScuba diver Wendy Craig, a marine biologist, will carry the torch on three-to-four-minute underwater journey at Agincourt Reef on June 27, creating Olympic history, organizers said yesterday.\nBurning at 2,000 degrees, the torch is expected to remain alight three meters underwater because of a special kind of technology which creates a \"fierce flame\"--- too powerful to be drowned out by water. Charles Tegner, managing director of torch creator, said the flame would burn like a flame from oxygen-producing chemicals.\nBEIJING---The election of a new leader in Taiwan cannot change the fact that Taiwan is part of China. \"Taiwan Independence\" in whatever form will never be allowed, according to a statesman of China's central government.\n\"We should listen to what the new leader in Taiwan says and watch what he does. We will observe where he will lead Cross-Straits relations. We are willing to exchange views on Cross-Straits relations and peaceful reunification  with all parties, organizations and people in Taiwan who favor the one-China principle,\" says the statesman, from Taiwan Affairs Office of the CPC Central Committee.\nHAIKOU---Customs officers in Haikou, capital of South China's Hainan Province, recently stopped a boat loaded with 781 cases of foreign-brand cigarettes being smuggling into China. The cigarettes are estimated to be worth more than 1.8 million yuan, said a customs officer. They discovered the smuggling boat as they were going around the northern sea area of Yangpu Port.\nThe smuggled cigarettes cases, packed into two containers, were _ to avoid being examined. The boat was registered in the coastal city Xiamen in East China's Fujian Province. All eight suspects aboard the boat were kept by the police in Haikou.", "id": "high12255.txt"}