{"answers": ["D", "B", "C"], "options": [["tolerance", "1ove", "patience", "understanding"], ["Friends often have the same character.", "Friends can help us overcome loneliness and depression*", "There shouldn't be conflict between friends-", "Friends can make us patient and believable."], ["The meaning of a true friendship.", "The happiness of having a good friend.", "Special qualities to make friends.", "The importance of friendship."]], "questions": ["To make a friend,should be the first quality.", "Which of the following is true according to the passage?", "What is the main idea of the passage?"], "article": "Friendship is very pleasant and also essential to people's life . A man without friends is an angel without wings, whose life will suffer in the long loneliness and depression, Friendship is the mother of our spirit, who'll warm her kid when hurt occures , We have much to share with our friends in life , confusion, excitement ,bitterness etc, It's great to keep up a sincere friendship.\nIt takes many special qualities to make friends, Understanding should come first . Only when we get a better understanding of each other can we gain a believable and meaningful friendship. We may find our hobbies of common interest. This feeling of natural attraction gets us closer and closer.\nIt also takes a special kind of love that seems to know no end, Never hesitate to show your heartfelt care and kindness to your friend when she /he is in trouble . Love is not selfish , Love is a feeling that we should treasure all our lives,\nTolerance  is the third necessary part in friendship ,. We are absolutely different persons , This individual difference may cause conflict between us in every aspect of our life. Don't care yourself too much . Try to tolerate him /her in an easy mood , Saints  are not perfect , let alone those ordinary people like us. Afterwards,  we should get a good communication.\nUnderstanding , love and tolerance are the first three essences that come to a true friendship. Other qualities are also concerned such a s thoughtfulness, trust and patience, Remember, friendship is your spirit's guard and everyone should treasure it.", "id": "high1240.txt"}