{"answers": ["C", "B", "A"], "options": [["Advantage of the energy from nature.", "The future of the energy.", "Scientists have been working hard to research other kinds of energy.", "Energy is the most important power in the word."], ["Try to use water energy more though it costs a lot.", "Each natural energy has its own advantages and disadvantages.", "Solar power is environmental.", "Wind power is the cheapest but we can't get."], ["In order to protect our environment, we should try other kinds of energy.", "All scientists in the world will unite to find energy.", "People in modern life use energy every day.", "Energy changes people's lives."]], "questions": ["What does this passage mainly talk about?", "What is the writer's opinion about the energy?", "What can be inferred from the passage?"], "article": "Energy is very important in modern life. People use energy to run machines, heat and cool their homes, cook, give light, and transport people and products from place to place. Most energy comes from fossil fuels--petroleum, coal, and natural gas. However, burning fuels causes pollution. Also, if we don't find new kinds of energy, we will use up all the fossil fuels in the twenty-first century. Scientists are working hard to find other kinds of energy for the future. What might these sources of energy be?\nEnergy from the wind\nAll over the world, people use the power of the wind. It turns windmills and moves sailboats. It is a clean source of energy, and there is lots of it. Unfortunately, if the wind does not blow, there is no wind energy.\nEnergy from water\nWhen water moves from a high place to a lower place, it makes energy. This energy is used to create electricity. In Brittany, France, for example, waterpower produces enough energy to light a town of 40,000people. Waterpower gives energy without pollution. However, people have to build dams to use this energy. Dams cost a lot of money, so water energy is expensive.\nEnergy from the earth\nThere is heat in rocks under the earth. Scientists use this heat to make geothermal energy. San Francisco gets half of the energy it needs from geothermal power. This kind of energy is cheap, but it is possible only in a few places in the world.\nEnergy from the sun\nSolar panels on the roofs of houses can turn energy from the sun into electricity. These panels can create enough energy to heat an entire house. Solar power is clean and there is a lot of it in sunny places. But when the weather is bad, there is no sunlight for energy.", "id": "high12434.txt"}