{"answers": ["C", "B", "C"], "options": [["University teachers.", "Students who are not independent.", "Students in the first year of college.", "Students who will graduate from college soon."], ["roommates will become good friends in the end", "there may be disagreements between roommates", "students can choose those they like as their roommates", "those with similar interests can become roommates"], ["tell the importance of friends", "compare friends with roommates", "encourage students to find a roommate", "state the different ways of living"]], "questions": ["Who are probably the intended readers of the passage?", "From the passage,we can learn that  _  .", "The purpose of the passage is to  _  ."], "article": "When you are far away from home for the first time and have a lot to adjust to,you can't do it alone. However independent you are,it is good to have a roommate during your first year.\nLiving with someone helps ease your loneliness. Sure it may seem appealing to be able to play your music and turn up your TV as loud as you want, but coming home to an empty room every day can be depressing. If you have a bad day, you may want to talk to someone.\nFriends are great sources of venting  , but friends can't always be there. Even worse, they may be selfcentered and show no interest in your problem. It's not that roommates aren't like this, but even just small talk can help you feel better.\nHaving a roommate teaches you how to get along with people and settle conflict. You two should set up rules immediately and discuss what to do when there is conflict. If you two don't like each other,you still study,relax,and sleep in the same room. You must find a way to get along.\nFinally,having a roommate exposes   you to different ways of living. Your roommate may come from a different city,and have different living habits. He or she also has different interests and personalities. You don't have to end up liking the same things your roommate does,but try to learn something different. You will be surrounded by many different people in college and have the chance to try things you never have before. Why not start learning from your roommate?\nHaving a roommate gives you the skills and personal background you will need to utilize   when you are out on your own. Make the most of living with a stranger and besides,there will be plenty of opportunities for you to have your own room later in your college years.", "id": "high12466.txt"}