{"answers": ["A", "D"], "options": [["to leave behind a precious memory to the people related", "to have a high sense of duty to the whole society", "to care what others will remember and treasure", "to share happiness and sadness with his family"], ["Proud.", "Happy.", "Disappointed.", "Worried"]], "questions": ["In the writer's opinion, the value of a person's life is   _  .", "What feeling did the author's mother express in her reply?"], "article": "\"I've changed my mind. I wanted to have a telescope, but now I want my daddy back.\" Lucien Lawrence's letter to Father Christmas written after his schoolteacher father had been knifed to death outside his school gate, must have touched every heart. Lucien went on to say that without his father he couldn't see the stars in the sky. When those whom we love depart from us, we cannot see the stars for a while.\nBut Lucien, the stars are still there, and one day, when you are older and your tears have gone, you will see them again. And, in a strange way, I expect that you will find your father is there too, in your mind and in your heart. I find that my parents, long dead now, still figure in many of my dreams and that I think of them perhaps more than I ever did when they were alive. I still live to please them and I' m still surprised by their reactions. I remember that when I became a professor, I was so proud, or rather so pleased with myself, that I couldn't wait to cable my parents. The reply was a long time in coming, but when it did, all Mother said was \"I hope this means that now you will have more time for the children!\" I haven' t forgotten. The values of my parents still live on.\nIt makes me pause and think about how I will live on in the hearts and minds of my children and of those for whom I care. Would I have been as ready as Philip Lawrence have been to face the aggressors  ,and to lay down my life for those in my care? How many people would want me back for Christmas? It's a serious thought, one to give me pause.\nI pray silently, sometimes, in the dead of night, that ancient cry of a poet \"Deliver my soul from the sword  , and my darling from the power of the dog.\" Yet I know the death comes to us all, and sometimes comes suddenly. We must therefore plan to live forever, but live as if we will die tomorrow. We live on, I'm sure, in the lives of those we loved, and therefore we ought to have a care for what they will remember and what they will treasure. If more parents knew this in their hearts to be true, there might be fewer knives on our streets today.", "id": "high1247.txt"}