{"answers": ["C", "D", "A"], "options": [["enjoy the wonderful scene of a volcano", "help those who suffer from the eruption", "get together with his family members", "work miracles during the disaster"], ["It is set in a volcano eruption.", "It is a serious science fiction movie.", "It shows some dull and ridiculous behaviors.", "It shows a lively and thoughtful world of children."], ["To recommend a film.", "To make a review on a film.", "To share pleasures of watching a film.", "To discuss kids' behavior and thoughts."]], "questions": ["Koichi wishes the volcano to erupt so that he can   _  .", "Which of the following statements is true of the film?", "What does the writer intend to do in this text?"], "article": "Of the several films Hirokazu has made about childhood and children, this one is the most modest, but no less pleasing for its delicate style and small setting. This wise and funny film works small miracles in describing such a moment when kids turn from the wishfulness of childhood into shaping the world for themselves.\nThe sweetly reflective hero, a sixth-grader named Koichi, starts out by wishing for a volcano to erupt. Not just any volcano, but the one that towers above his town, smoking heavily and giving off ash. An eruption would lead to a withdrawing, which would lead, at least in his mind, to a reunion with his father and kid brother, who've been living in Hakata while Koichi lives with his mother and retired grandparents in Kagoshima. The volcano, knowing nothing of this, refuses to erupt, but Koichi hears of another approach to realizing the desired miracle.\nOne of the pleasures of I Wish is watching how kids behave -- how Koichi attacks his dinner, for example. Another pleasure is rediscovering how kids think. These kids can be logical and ever so tricky. But children's thought processes can also be fancy. A boy wishes he could play baseball like one of baseball stars, who eats curry for breakfast; so he, too, starts eating curry for breakfast, instead of practicing on the field. Another boy tries to wish his dead dog, Marble, back to life. And what does Koichi finally wish for? I wish you'd see this delightful film to find out.", "id": "high12567.txt"}