{"answers": ["D", "A", "B"], "options": [["American dramas are longer.", "British soap operas are longer.", "American dramas deal with dangerous things.", "British soap operas deal with real people."], ["They can find their own life from the operas.", "They can enjoy the operas in their free time.", "They can watch the operas for many years.", "They care about the fate of the characters in the operas."], ["the characters play the same role for a long time.", "the characters in the play often change", "people don't know what will happen next", "there is only one or two characters in them"]], "questions": ["What is the main difference between American dramas and British soap operas?", "Why do British people like to watch such operas?", "One characteristic of British operas is that   _  ."], "article": "There are probably no people on Earth who like to gossip as much as the British. If prying into  other's lives were an Olympic sport, then Team GB would surely take the gold medal.\nAnd when the British can't watch the lives of real people, they have another source of entertainment to fall back on--the soap opera. British soap operas are very different to US TV dramas. For one, they are normally longer running. The two most popular, Coronation Street and East-enders, have been running for 48 and 24 years respectively. Both are broadcast several times a week, so remarkably there have been more than 7,000 _ of Coronation Street.\nThe most obvious difference is that, unlike US dramas, the British soap operas focus on the real world. There is little glamour  , the stars are rarely rich, and they normally have boring jobs. Perhaps the appeal is that the lives of the characters often mirror the lives of the audience--but with some drama added. This means the viewer can relate to the characters and feel the pain and happiness they go through on the show.\nBecause these soap operas last for decades, the cast is ever changing. The shows rarely focus on one or two main characters. Like the real world, people come and go all the time. However, there are exceptions. Coronation Street's William Roach, 76, has played the role of Ken Barlow since the very first episode of the show in 1960, and he is still a regular.\nThe choice of which soap opera you follow is often cultural: People from the north of British tend to watch Coronation Street as it is set in Manchester. People from the south generally prefer East-enders, which is set in the east of London. The show is generally considered grittier and is aimed at a younger audience.", "id": "high12576.txt"}