{"answers": ["C", "B", "C"], "options": [["has a history of more than 50 years.", "lasts almost half a month every year.", "Is a time when country music lovers get together", "is the most important music festival in America"], ["was held in the spring of 1972", "was more popular than the first one.", "was moved from Nashville to the fairgrounds.", "was attended by former Beatle Paul McCartney"], ["Education in Nashville.", "Music in America", "Advice for fans.", "The future of country music."]], "questions": ["According to the text, Fan Fair   _  .", "The second Fan Fair   _  .", "What will the author probably talk about next?"], "article": "Over 40 years ago, a country music DJ convention  was held every year in Nashville, Tennessee. Many country performers used to attend the convention to give their performances. Fans would go to Nashville hoping to see their favorite performers. In the end, so many fans began showing up in Nashville that a festival named Fan Fair was born.\nThe first Fan Fair was held in April 1972, in Nashville for four days. Some of the country music's biggest stars attented. There were about fifty thousand fans. The first Fan Fair was so successful that planning began almost immediately for 1973. The date was changed to June, when the weather would be better. Over one hundred thousand fans attended the second Fan Fair.\nEvery year brought so many performers and fans to Fan Fair that, in 1982, it was moved to the Tennessee State Fairgrounds. Fan Fair stayed at the fairgrounds for another nineteen years.\nThere was always the unexpected during the festival. In 1974, former Beatle Paul McCartney attended. In 1992, more than six hundred reporters cover the appearance of a popular star, Billy ray Cyrus, who had introduced a new country line dance. In 1996, Garth Brooks, who made a surprise appearance, signed autographs  for 23 hours.\nIn 2001, Fan Fair returned to downtown Nashville as the world's biggest country music festival. Now, over one hundred and twenty-five thousand country music fans go to Nashville every June. As you can imagine, those who want to attend Fan Fair must plan ahead. For example, they need to buy a ticket several months ahead of time. Of course, there's much more to prepare.", "id": "high12713.txt"}