{"answers": ["B", "A", "D"], "options": [["A best-selling mobile phone", "A valuable educational project for farmers", "United States support for developing countries", "A new type of scientist -farmer relationship"], ["raise farmers' standard of living", "do some research on mobile phones", "develop farmers' practical skills", "help farmers prevent insect damage to corps"], ["includes health video on preventing cholera", "can be passed to farmers using Bluetooth technology", "can be used to sort and dry the neem fruits", "is easy for farmers to understand"]], "questions": ["What is the text mainly about?", "The SAWBO program is introduced in order to   _  .", "The biggest advantage of the program is that it  _  ."], "article": "Mobile phones are an important business tool for farmers in rural areas. But they also put a valuable educational tool in their hands.\nThe University of Illinois in the United States has a project called SAWBO--Scientific Animations Without Borders. It produces educational videos that can be downloaded to cell phones. The goal is to help people in developing countries improve their lives.\nOne video shows farmers how to make a natural insecticide from neem seeds to prevent insect damage to crops. The process starts with sorting and drying the neem fruits. Then let the fruit dry in the sun for about three or four days, until they become brown. Using a mortar  and stick, the fruits are slightly _ to remove the shells from the fruits without breaking the seed inside.\nThe videos use computer animation . Some of the animated characters are a little funny looking-like a farmer with a long nose. But the subjects are serious, including a health video on preventing cholera . Team member Francisco Seufferheld says the information in the videos is meant to be quickly understood. He says, \"The information is digested in such a way that in two minutes, we can transmit a complex idea.\"\nThe researchers tested the seven-minute video on seven mobile phones. They wanted to see if people would share the video using Bluetooth wireless technology. With Bluetooth, files can be passed to a nearby phone even if neither phone is connected to the Internet. As a result, in one month, the video had spread to one hundred eighteen people in fifty different villages. \"This is just incredible impact,\" said Francisco Seufferheld.\nThe team has made a few videos so far. These are available in a total of eighty languages, dialects and accents. Professor Barry Pittendrigh says there are plans for more videos later this year.", "id": "high1277.txt"}