{"answers": ["A", "B", "D"], "options": [["The shapes of continents and oceans changed slowly.", "The Earth's crust started shifting l.3 billion years ago.", "The crust began to shift when the Earth was hot.", "The hit from small planets made the Earth cool."], ["It was once covered by hot, liquid rock.", "It remained under the deep sea.", "It stayed hot and sinking.", "It kept moving slowly."], ["why the Earth cooled", "how the Isua supracrustal belt formed", "whether the ground beneath our feet is still", "when Earth's crust began shifting"]], "questions": ["What can we infer from the text?", "What do scientists know about the past of the Isua supracrustal belt?", "The text is mainly about  _  ."], "article": "Most of the time, the ground feels solid beneath our feet. That's comforting. But it's also misleading because there's actually a lot going on underground. Masses of land (called plates) slip, slide, and bump against each other, slowly changing the shape of continents and oceans over millions and billions of years.\nScientists know that Earth formed about 4. 5 billion years ago.  They also know that our planet was hot at first. As it cooled, its outermost layer, called the crust  , eventually formed moving plates. Exactly when this shift happened, however, is an open question.\nNow, an international group of researchers has an answer. They've found new evidence suggesting that Earth's crust started shifting at least 3.8 billion years ago. The new estimate is l. 3 billion years earlier than previous ones.\nNot long before 3. 8 billion years ago,  lots of small planets were hitting Earth, keeping its crust in a hot, melting state. After the hard crust formed, much of it sank at various times into the planet's hot insides. There, it melted before returning to the surface.\nIn some places, however, the crust never sank. One of the oldest such places is in Greenland, in an area called the Isua supracrustal   belt. The rocky crust there is between 3. 7 and 3. 8 billion years old. The belt was once part of the seafloor, but now it is exposed to air.\nThe researchers recently took a close look at the Isua supracrustal belt. They noticed long, parallel cracks in the rock that have been filled in with a type of volcanic rock.\nTo explain this structure, the scientists propose that tension in the crust caused the seafloor to crack open long ago. Hot, liquid rock oozed from deep inside Earth to fill the cracks. Finally, the whole area cooled, forming what we see today.\nThat explanation, plus chemical clues inside the rock, suggests that the Isua supracrustal belt was once part of plate under the ocean, beginning around 3.8 billion years ago.\n\"It's a fantastic case of solving a jigsaw puzzle ,\"says one of the researchers. He notes that the puzzle was \"a very difficult one because these rocks are all very old and have been badly ruined\".", "id": "high12845.txt"}