{"answers": ["B", "D", "A"], "options": [["Confident.", "Worried", "Curious.", "Uninterested."], ["The writer's appreciation for her tutor.", "The writer's various hobbies.", "The writer's new discovery at school.", "The writer's achievements at school."], ["Students should face challenges bravely.", "Students should be careful in choosing school.", "Students should be proud of their school.", "Students should better learn about life."]], "questions": ["How did the writer feel when she walked into her junior year?", "What is mainly talked about in Para 3?", "What important lesson has the writer learned at Southside High School?"], "article": "My high school life has been filled with many ups and downs, whether it was social or academic. Even though my current high school was not my first choice, I never regretted attending Southside High School. \"Since you have chosen it, then it is the best for you,\" said my parents.\nUp until the junior year I did not realize my capabilities   as a student. Being in the IB Program, I was told that my junior year would be the toughest in all the years of high school. With this \"little\" piece of information, I walked into my junior year, scared of my grades. As weeks went by, I started to believe that the junior year was not as hard as everyone had said, but I was wrong. My grades were rapidly declining  and by the end of the first term I had had five Cs in seven of my classes! I could not believe it --- I did not want to believe it. I tried my best to get my grades up myself without any help from anyone, but my pride just made my grades worse. And I had to miss out on one of the most important speech and debate competitions all year: States. I was heartbroken. I realized that I could not survive my junior year on my own, so I had to get help fast.\nOnce I got a tutor, my grades went from Cs, Ds, and even some Fs, to nothing but As and Bs. I slowly started to gain my confidence back in all of my classes and even myself. By the time the third and fourth quarter came around, I had been on the honor roll twice, and I was receiving awards from speeches and debates, tennis and school.\nSouthside has taught me to always keep my head up and never give up on myself no matter what life throws at me. I am proud to be a Southside Tiger.", "id": "high12873.txt"}