{"answers": ["C", "D", "D", "B", "A"], "options": [["The lack of helpful books.", "The blow of her father's death.", "The contrast between her devotion to others and her being ignored.", "The contrast between her easy life and her family members busy life."], ["PC should extend her knowledge by reading more", "PC should stop struggling with anyone around her", "PC had better try to avoid going someplace new", "PC oughtn't to be trapped in her present situation"], ["Rebecca Solnit.", "Anne Tyler.", "Rachel Joyce.", "Ruth 0zeki."], ["typical", "persuasive", "enjoyable", "extraordinary"], ["Which books will cure loneliness?", "How can you get rid of loneliness?", "Here are good examples for you", "Books will keep you busy and healthy"]], "questions": ["What has mainly led to PC's negative attitude to life?", "By mentioning the origin of the word \"lost\", Textual Healing implies that   _  .", "Who clarifies the idea in his/her work that people are socially related?", "The character Rebecca Davitch is mentioned by Textual Healing because her experience is   _  .", "Which of the following can be the proper title?"], "article": "Dear Textual Healing,\nI would be very interested in your recommendations for any books to help me through a difficult time of my life. At 57, I am feeling a bit lost. I have a wonderful, loving husband and bright, caring teenage daughter but I am lonely and have lost my spark for life.\nI have always taken care of everyone and managed a career, but, after the death of my father this summer, my difficulties as a child in a terribly abnormal family have come back to me regularly. I have become unfocused and often alone while my husband is away frequently on business and my daughter busy with school and friends.\nI am seeking the help of a therapist and taking care of myself but I would love to read something to help me \"get my groove  back\" and reengage with life.\nPC\nDear PC,\nFrom the letter you've given us about your life, it's no wonder you're feeling a little lost. But before prescribing titles to help you get your groove back, I'd recommend taking a journey into Rebecca Solnit's non-fiction book,A Field Guide to Getting Lost, which is packed with the wisdom of everyone from Pat Barker to Thoreau and Keats.\nThe word lost is rooted in the Old Norse \"los\", meaning the disbanding of an army. \"This origin suggests soldiers falling out of formation to go home, ceasing fighting with the wide world. I worry now that many people never disband their armies, never go beyond what they know,\" Solnit writes. So instead of fearing that lost feeling, try seeing its potential for discovery. Explorers, remember, are always lost simply because they're forever someplace new.\n\"Leave the door open for the unknown, the door into the dark,\" Solnit advises. \"That's where the most important things come from, where you yourself came from, and where you will go.\"\nFor something that asks a little less of the reader while still giving plenty in return, try a dose (--) of Anne Tyler, the beloved creator of numerous heroes whose serious conditions will move anyone who finds themselves in a midlife difficult situation. One such character is 53-year-old Rebecca Davitch, the heroine ofBack When We Were Grownups. Like you, she's combined marriage and motherhood with a career but suddenly finds herself feeling lonely in her own home. Could it be, she wonders, that she's \"turned into the wrong person\"? Don't be fooled by the way this novel ambles along -- as Rebecca revisits youthful ambitions and the college boyfriend she abandoned, it asks some heart-rending questions before arriving at a place of graceful, joyous acceptance.\nAlong similar lines, I'm also going to recommendThe Unlikely Pilgrimage of Harold Fryby Rachel Joyce. Its hero is 65 when he learns that a former colleague sick. On his way to post her a note,he decides instead to visit her -- on foot, from his home in deepest Devon to England's northernmost town, more than 600 miles away. You don't manage that without focus! It's a journey to a holy place that will take him 87 days to complete, during which he considers his childhood, marriage and relationship with his son, and becomes an accidental media sensation  . By the time he reaches his destination, you'll feel anything but tired.\nFinally, Ruth Ozeki's novelA Tale for the Time Beingwill charm the missing spark back into your life. Combining the diary of a sad Tokyo teenager with the story of the middle-aged novelist who finds it, washed ashore on a remote island off the coast of British Columbia, it's a beautiful illustration of how our lives touch -- and are touched by -- others in ways we mightn't even be aware of. This \"Man Booker Prize\" finalist has plenty to teach about Zen Buddhism, and unless you happen to live in one of its settings, it provides a bracing change of scene, too.\nOne other suggestion: books, as we all know, make great companions but that doesn't mean they can't be enjoyed in the company of others. If you find yourself home alone, why not slip one into your back pack and head out to a favourite cafe.", "id": "high12948.txt"}