{"answers": ["A"], "options": [["Warm-hearted.", "Responsible.", "Encouraging.", "Strong-minded."]], "questions": ["What do you think of the author in the passage?"], "article": "The Christmas season is often considered the season of giving. Many of us spend a lot of effort and money in an attempt to give our friends and loved ones the best possible gift. But what is the best gift you could possibly give?\nImagine that your bank gave you an account with $86,400 every morning of every day. You could use this amount of money for anything you want. But at the end of every day, the bank tells you that money in the account can only be used within that day. How would you choose to spend this money?\nThis is the attitude we should take towards the time. Time can never get back. It is the only resource that no one can get more than another person.\nAround the holiday season, we find ourselves very busy. It is a point in the year where how you spend your time is crucial. Spending this valuable time to help another human being in need is one of the greatest gifts we can give. We never know when even giving a short amount of time to help or listen to a stranger, could make the rest of their day much more pleasant.\nHowever, the saying that money is time is one of the truest statements ever made. By the act of donating money to a non profit organization which helps -- for example, you are allowing that single mother to spend more time looking after her children, instead of being forced to spend time looking for a temporary second job. By donating some money, you have helped someone else use their time for a better cause.\nOne organization I personally would encourage you to consider spending your time and/or money would be Eva Initiatives, an organization created for the homeless. I have volunteered there twice. It was a very positive experience, and being able to learn more about who lived there really gave me a perspective on the real struggles of the people around us.", "id": "high12981.txt"}