{"answers": ["C", "A", "D", "D"], "options": [["sitting up late before exams", "spending less time each day", "mastering what you learn in an easy way", "benefiting from the notes"], ["study effectively", "get along well with one another", "practice solving problems", "study independently"], ["reviewing his lessons one hour a day", "selecting easier courses to learn", "involving a study group led by senior students", "applying personal development techniques"], ["every college student is to get a high GPA when graduated", "personal development is that most important techniques of the 4 steps", "the earlier you choose easy courses, the better performance you'll have", "the fist school year's success plays an important role in your college career"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, managing your time wisely leads to   _  .", "Group study is meant to let the students   _  .", "The winter attached least importance to   _   when he was at college.", "From the passage we can infer that   _  ."], "article": "How to Graduate from College with a High GPA(Grade Point Average)\nOne Hour a Day\nOne of the most challenging things about college is time management. It's not that you don't have enough. In fact you usually have too much time, and as a result time gets wasted. If you take good notes in class, and spend one hour reviewing your notes every day before going to sleep, you will make use of the power of the subconscious to absorb information and by the time exams come around you'll know all the material on a subconscious level, and you don't have to sit up the night before exams.\nSelect Easy Courses\nThe reason why selecting easy courses is powerful is that it allows you to start off your college career with an extremely high GPA. Good grades have less and less of an impact on your GPA later in your college career and raising your GPA becomes much more difficult. Selecting easy courses in the first term also leaves room for the occasional failure when coursework become more challenging.\nJoin (or Form) Study Groups\nIf you go to a large public school where classes often have 700 plus people, study groups are an extremely effective way to ensure good grades. Study groups are often led by older students who have taken the course and received A's in that particular course. They also often provide you with resources such as practice tests, practice problems, and many others that might not be provided by professors.\nUse Personal Development\nI can honestly say I didn't involve myself in personal development when I was in college. Looking back I realize that I suffered from low self-respect and a very unhealthy self-image. But, if I had combined personal development techniques with the three steps above, my college career would have turned out very differently.\nIf you have already started school, I recommend developing a strategy that applies these four ideas to your current schedule. If you haven't started school yet, do some research on easier courses and what study groups might be available. If you follow through and commit to the four recommendations above, you'll set yourself up for a very successful first term, and hopefully a very successful college career.", "id": "high13036.txt"}