{"answers": ["C", "B", "D"], "options": [["Because of the economic crisis", "Because of culture difference", "Because of the Second World War", "Because of countries' lack of interest"], ["Speed skiing", "Freestyle skiing", "Bandy", "Skijoring"], ["its rich experience", "its large population", "its safety", "its ability to stage the Games"]], "questions": ["Why were the Winter Olympic Games not held for 12 years ?", "Which of the following is a sports event of the Winter Games ?", "Beijing won the right to host the 2022 Winter Olympic Games mainly due to  _  ."], "article": "The Winter Olympic Games are a major international sporting event that occurs once every four years. Unlike the Summer Olympics, the Winter Olympics feature sports practiced on snow and ice. The first Winter Olympics, the 1924 Winter Olympics, was held in Chamonix, France. The Games were held every four years from 1924 until 1936, after which they were interrupted by World War II. The Olympics resumed in 1948 and was again held every four years. Until 1992, the Winter and Summer Olympic Games were held in the same year.\nThe Winter Games have evolved since its beginning. Sports and disciplines have been added and some of them, such as short track speed skating, freestyle skiing, have earned a permanent spot on the Olympic program. Others have been discontinued and later reintroduced. Still others, such as speed skiing, bandy and skijoring, were demonstration sports but never incorporated as Olympic sports. The rise of television as a global medium for communication _ the impression of the Games. It created an income stream, via the sale of broadcast rights and advertising.This allowed outside interests, such as television companies and corporate sponsors.\nBeijing has become the first city to host both Summer and Winter Olympic Games after beating Kazakhstan's Almaty to hold the 2022 Winter Olympics. With a fully-prepared final presentation by an all-star team, Beijing has successfully convinced the committee members that the 2008 Olympics host city is a more favored candidate for the Winter Games. Beijing was the safe choice because it had already proved it could stage the Games and said it would take winter sports into the backyard of the world's most populated country.", "id": "high13058.txt"}