{"answers": ["C", "A", "B", "A"], "options": [["didn't want his parents to stay together", "was very independent", "had no feeling of belonging", "didn't like his parents"], ["Because the traveling separated him from his friends.", "Because he hated saying goodbye to his mom.", "Because the traveling made it difficult for him to meet his parents.", "Because he wanted to spend his summers with his dad."], ["stayed with his mom during the school years", "finally accepted his traveling lifestyle", "enjoyed traveling more than others did", "never enjoyed staying with his family"], ["Always Miss Somebody", "Travel on My Own", "My Divorced Parents", "My Lonely Life"]], "questions": ["The dollhouse game showed that the boy   _   .", "Why didn't the author like traveling between two cities at first?", "We learn from the text that the author   _   .", "What would be the best title for the text?"], "article": "When I was 4, my parents decided they could no longer live together. That same year, my mom moved to Los Angeles (L.A.) and a therapist   was hired to decide where I would live. Playing with a dollhouse in her office, I showed her the mother's room on one side and the father's room on the other. When she asked me about the little boy's room, I told her the little boy didn't know where to sleep.\nThe therapist finally decided I would stay with my dad during the school years and visit my mom on long holidays and for summers. I began flying between two cities and leading two different lives. I remember my last school day in Grade Six. My friends made plans to go to the beach together, but I couldn't join them because I had to fly to L.A. It wasn't that I didn't want to see my mom and stepdad; I just didn't want to leave my friends. It wasn't easy to put up a wall, and pretend I didn't hate saying goodbye to them. In the morning, my dad drove me to school with my packed bags, and after school, my friends went together, and I went to the airport.\nWhat has come of this in the end is that I'm always missing somebody. When I'm in northern California, I miss my mom and stepdad, while in L.A. I miss going out with my friends, my dad, and my little brother and sister. But after so many flights, I've learned that it's also fun traveling between two cities and experiencing different lives. Other children may not have the opportunity to experience so much.", "id": "high13133.txt"}