{"answers": ["C", "A", "D"], "options": [["Tap water and bottled water.", "Tap water and distilled water.", "Bottled water and filtered water.", "Distilled water and filtered water."], ["It leads the body to lack certain minerals.", "It isn't clean enough to drink.", "It contains too many chemicals.", "It contains fluoride."], ["It is harmful to drink plenty of icy water.", "One may feel tired due to lack of water for a short time.", "The water with chlorine is not suitable to drink.", "The water in plastic containers is safe to drink."]], "questions": ["What kinds of water are proper for drinking?", "What's the main reason that distilled water isn't recommended to drink?", "Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage?"], "article": "You've heard it repeatedly: Make sure you drink at least eight glasses of water per day. The key words are \"at least\", because, unless you are a child, you need more water than that. The rule is, for every 50 pounds of body weight you carry, drink one quart of bottled or filtered   water per day. The average person weighs 150 pounds, so they should drink three quarts per day. A 200 pounds person should drink a full gallon per day. Athletes should drink even more than that. Follow these and you've adopted one of the most important health habits.\nOur bodies are mostly water, and water is essential to our every function. Drink the appropriate amount, and everything is much more likely to function at the best levels. If you don't drink enough water, over the short term you will experience tiredness, dry skin, headaches and constipation  ; over the longer term, every body function will _ more quickly. It really is as simple as that.\nThings get a bit more complicated in what type of water to drink. Bottled water and filtered water are both good options. Do not drink tap water or distilled water  .Bottled water should be bottled in clear glass containers, not the plastic containers that transfer far too many chemicals into the water. Filtered water can be obtained through low-cost filters.\nTap water should be avoided because it contains chlorine   and may contain fluoride  , which is poisonous and can have terrible consequences for the body. Distilled water should also be avoided because it can burn up your body of necessary minerals. It has been tied to hair loss, which is often associated with certain mineral lack.\nFinally, drink water at room temperature if possible, as ice-cold water can harm your stomach.", "id": "high13151.txt"}