{"answers": ["B", "A", "C"], "options": [["Psychology.", "Commercial art.", "International business.", "English composition."], ["Some of his friends didn't think highly of the classes.", "He felt that he had not enough time to study.", "The college entrance exam is very difficult.", "He was afraid that he could not afford the online classes."], ["was unable to find a full-time job", "is most interested in psychology", "prefers to make a living by writing", "paid his schooling by working hard"]], "questions": ["What did the author study in the first place when he was in college?", "Why was the author nervous about taking online classes?", "We can know from the passage that the author   _  ."], "article": "I decided to go back to school in the fall of 2010 for not being happy with my current job and financial status. I got my Associate   in May 2002 in commercial art. After graduation, I had trouble getting a job in that field. For years, I was going from one job to another, and I was not satisfied with unstableness  .\nI decided to go back to school to study either international business or psychology  . I weighed the _ of both professions and psychology won. I like helping my friends and family. When they are faced with hard situations in their life, I'd like to give them sound advice and be honest with them. Also, I was interested in the \"mind\".\nI searched for online schools because my work schedule would not allow me to study in a classroom. I was nervous about taking online classes because I had heard mixed stories from my friends who were taking online classes. I decided to do it anyway to experience something different. I wanted to find an online school that was affordable and believable. While I was doing the online search, I discovered Walden University, which is specially for working adults who want to have a bachelor's degree or higher. The process of getting accepted was easy, i.e. writing an essay on why I wanted to attend their school, sending my previous credits  , etc.\nI am currently enrolled in the bachelor's program for psychology, and I am paying for college via financial-aid loans  . This experience has been interesting and yet upsetting as sometimes it was difficult to balance work, school and home life. I have learned a lot about psychology and myself. For example, I like writing about current events, relationships and traveling. I thought my English composition was ordinary, but after taking a few classes at Walden University, I have improved my English composition and it has made me feel confident enough to start writing professionally. Now I am a freelancer   and I am only three classes away from getting my bachelor's degree in psychology. It is one of the best decisions I have made in my life.", "id": "high13219.txt"}