{"answers": ["B", "C", "B"], "options": [["People are often forced to laugh.", "Forced laughter works as well as real laughter.", "Forced laughter is more interesting than real laughter.", "People refuse to use forced laughter to cheer them up."], ["to make friends", "to laugh at each other", "in a public park", "in a Laugter Club"], ["anyone can join in a Laughter Club.", "laughter is a very good form of exercise.", "Laughter Yoga makes blood move slowly.", "it takes a long time for people to be free of bad feelings."]], "questions": ["What did Kataria find out about laughter?   _", "Before 1995, people did Laugter Yoga   _  .", "According to experts,  _  ."], "article": "Laughter Yoga  is one form of yoga. Madan Kataria, a doctor in Mumbai, India invented it. He believed that people had forgotten how to really laugh. Through his research he made an interesting discovery. The human mind does not know the difference between forced laughter and real laughter. Forced laughter can also lead to a feeling of happiness.\nAnd then Kataria had the idea for a group of people who would laugh together. He gathered a few of his friends together. They met in a public park in Mumbai. That small group grew and grew! And this is how people began to do Laughter Yoga. People doing Laughter Yoga usually meet together in a Laughter Club. Kataria's friends formed the first Laughter Club in 1995.\nToday, there're over 5,000 Laughter Clubs in 53 countries. But what exactly do people do in a Laughter Club? People in Laughter Yoga meetings usually do a series of exercises. The exercises include body movement, correct breathing, and of course, laughter! At the beginning of the meeting, people may have to force themselves to laugh. But by the end, everyone is usually laughing in a real way! Each meeting is a little different. But there are common exercises groups may do.\nExperts say that the exercises help blood move around the body faster. They also say that Laughter Yoga helps people deal with the bad things in their lives. They say that a person may go into a Laughter Club meeting feeling sad, angry, or worried. But then, people act happy. After a time, forced laughter becomes real laughter. This is one reason why people may enjoy laughter Yoga so much", "id": "high13233.txt"}