{"answers": ["C", "C", "B", "A", "D"], "options": [["Jennifer.", "Jennifer's mother.", "Jennifer's uncle.", "Jennifer's brothers."], ["Hurricane Opal hit in 1995.", "Hurricane Georges hit at night.", "Hurricane Opal hit on John's way to the school.", "Hurricane Georges blew down many branches."], ["purchased some food", "paid attention to the hurricanes news", "took special keepsakes to low safe places", "moved out of the place where they lived"], ["He was nervous before the hurricane.", "He did little preparation for the hurricane.", "He was confident to overcome the hurricane.", "He was busy helping citizens evacuate before the hurricane."], ["Jennifer and John.", "Catherine and John.", "Jennifer and Ryan.", "Catherine and Ryan."]], "questions": ["Who fixed the sailboat with Jennifer's father?", "Which of the following is NOT true about the hurricanes?", "When Catherine's family heard hurricanes were coming, they   _  .", "What can we know about Ryan?", "Who didn't evacuate before the hurricanes?"], "article": "Jennifer's Hurricane Experience\nI have evacuated lots of times in my life. To make sure everything is safe, my family have to move a lot of things. I usually help my mom and my brothers help my dad. Mom and I take all of the special keepsakes to low safe places. Another thing we have to do is to take our sailboat out into deep water and anchor it really well. When it's time to anchor the sailboat, Scott, my father's brother, comes over. I just need to wait in the car with my mom and brothers before we evacuate.\nJohn's Hurricane Experience\nMy family evacuated for hurricane Opal in 1995. We left two days early because we were going to my dad's 35thHigh School Reunion . There was a lot of traffic getting out of town. But we didn't get into trouble as we had arrived at the school. During hurricane Georges, I slept. But there was a lot of lightning, thunder and rain at that night. The next morning, there were a lot of branches, twigs and leaves everywhere.\nCatherine's Hurricane Experience\nThis year, we experienced two hurricanes, Earl and Georges. We did the same thing in both hurricanes. We would always be watching the news. There was a lot of rain ... a whole lot of rain. The hurricane never really got close enough to do very much damage. I have never evacuated, and I don't think that I ever will.\nRyan's Hurricane Experience\nI am a police officer on an island in the Texas Gulf Coast. I was directly affected by the violent weather throughout the hurricane season. Our department was ordered to stay on the island while all the other citizens were evacuating. I didn't feel at all prepared for the situation. So I went to the grocery store and purchased some food. I thought a survival kit would have helped ease some of the tension in my mind.", "id": "high13407.txt"}