{"answers": ["A", "D"], "options": [["Hungarian", "Spanish", "Italian", "English"], ["A mother is going to teach her baby how to speak.", "A child is going to have his first music lesson.", "A student is going to learn a new English song.", "An American is going to learn some Chinese."]], "questions": ["According to the passage which language doesn't share the same root with Germanic or Romance languages?", "In which situation can the finding of the research be applied?"], "article": "Have you ever found yourself in this situation: You hear a song you used to sing when you were a child - a bit of nostalgia  or \"blast from the past,\" as we say. But it is not a distant childhood memory. The words come back to you as clearly as when you sang them all those years ago.\nResearchers at the University of Edinburgh studied the relationship between music and remembering a foreign language. They found that remembering words in a song was the best way to remember even one of the most difficult languages.\nHere is what they did. Researchers took 60 adults and randomly divided them into three groups of 20. Then they gave the groups three different types of \"listen-and-repeat\" learning conditions. Researchers had one group simply speak the words. They had the second group speak the words to a rhythm, or beat. And they asked the third group to sing the words.\nAll three groups studied words from the Hungarian language for 15 minutes. Then they took part in a series of language tests to see what they remembered.\nWhy Hungarian, you ask? Researchers said they chose Hungarian because not many people know the language. It does not share any roots with Germanic or Romance languages, such as Italian or Spanish. After the tests were over, the singers came out on top. The people who learned these new Hungarian words by singing them showed a higher overall performance. They did the best in four out of five of the tests. They also performed two times better than those who simply learned the words by speaking them.\nDr. Katie Overy says singing could lead to new ways to learn a foreign language. The brain likes to remember things when they are contained in a catchy 3, or memorable 4, tune 5.\nDr. Ludke said the findings could help those who struggle to learn foreign languages. On the University of Edinburgh's website Dr. Ludke writes, \"This study provides the first experimental evidence that a listen-and-repeat singing method can support foreign language learning, and opens the door for future research in this area.\"", "id": "high13409.txt"}