{"answers": ["D"], "options": [["sees the cat his friend.", "received the fur coat.", "disliked the fur", "got punished by God"]], "questions": ["From the Russian legend we know the dog  _  ."], "article": "A Russian legend has a story about the origins of cats. The cat's coat, it was said, was originally designed for the dog, but the dog became so impatient when coats were being handed out that he was told to wait at the back of the queue. The cat was given the fur instead of the dog. This, according to Russian folk storied, is the origin of why dogs dislike cats.\nA nameless cat with a taste for travel flew for three weeks between New York and Tel Aviv in 1984. It escaped from its owner's cat-box in the plane's luggage compartment on the first trip and all efforts to get it out with bowls of milk and food failed. After nearly 80,000 miles of flying the airline called in a vet who got it out.\nThe Chinese attitude to the cat was not clear. Cats were welcome for their ability to kill mice and were considered suitable pets for women. On the other hand, they were suspected of bring bad luck into the home. In the days before the invention of the watch, it was said that they used their cats as clocks. The pupils of the cat's eyes were believed to gradually change shape with the position of the sun in the sky. At midday they were a narrow line and they gradually  became rounder until sunset.\nBritain's cleanest cat is undoubtedly Harvey, a five-month-old Persian who climbed into his owner's washing machine. He went through a ten-minute wash cycle before someone noticed him through the glass door, and pressed the \"stop\" button. Harvey was soon back to his usual self.\nCats seem to be able to sense earthquakes. Josie, who lives in California, warned her family of a quake in 1971.\nShe wore her owners. Mr. and Mrs. Miller, at 5:50am by jumping onto the bed and running around. When the Miller followed her out of the house, Josie ran off. The earthquake was only a small one, but the cat raised the alarm every time there was a quake after that.", "id": "high13427.txt"}