{"answers": ["D", "D", "C"], "options": [["It has made its food look like Minions.", "It has made Minion video games to show to customers.", "It is giving some Minion clothes to customers as gifts.", "It is offering Minion toys to attract fans."], ["Their cuteness.", "Their exaggerated movements and expressions.", "Their way of communicating.", "Their bad behavior."], ["HitFix explains that Minions gained popularity by striking a chord with humans.", "While Minions can't be understood sometimes, their way of communicating is infectious.", "Minions are eager to take on whatever task their despicable master gives them.", "The opening weekend of Minions was the second biggest of all time."]], "questions": ["What has McDonald's done to attract customers?", "Which of the following is NOT the reason why the Minions are so popular?", "Which of the following is true according to the passage?"], "article": "When it comes to film, people usually favor good over evil, focus on the main characters and ignore the supporting characters. But when it comes to the Minions  , these conventions go right out of the window.\nOriginally comedic background characters in the Despicable Me series, these yellow pill-shaped screwballs  have totally stolen the show.\nThis summer the characters appeared in their own self-titled movie in theaters abroad, having the second biggest opening weekend of all time for an animated film, according to USA Today. Recently, McDonald's has been including Minion toys with kids' meals in some regions, causing loyal fans to go to the restaurant to collect them all. Related video games, clothing, toys and other merchandise are sweeping the world.\nThe movie's huge popularity even surprised its writers. \"We never knew the Minions were going to be so popular. It just became a force of nature,\" the film's co-writer, Cinco Paul, told the Los Angeles Times.\nSo, what makes the banana-loving Minions a big hit? For many, the most attractive is obviously their cuteness. Their simple, graphic   nature can easily transcend cultures and age groups. \"Even children can draw them\", Los Angeles Times reporter, Rebecca Keegan, wrote.\nBut there's more than just cuteness. US entertainment website, HitFix, explains that their way of communicating makes the creatures infectious   as well. They largely speak in nonsense words. But it seems everyone can understand them through their exaggerated movements and expressions.\nThey desire nothing more than to serve their most despicable master, Felonious Gru. And this evil characteristic strikes a chord   with humans.\n\"Perhaps we love Minions because they remind us of ourselves,\" Huffington Post associate Web editor, Sara Boboltz, wrote.", "id": "high13425.txt"}