{"answers": ["A", "B", "D", "C", "B"], "options": [["To look into the outbreak of Ebola.", "To help the people who suffer from Ebola.", "To help cure the infected boy of Ebola.", "To make a study of the bats including fruit bats."], ["people can do nothing to prevent the disease", "the disease Ebola may jump from one species to another", "the result of the research should be published immediately", "the straw-colored fruit bats usually settle in forests in the rural areas"], ["the disease Ebola will be controlled", "all the fruit bats in Africa would be killed", "plants would not be pollinated in the future", "the ecosystem in Africa might lose its balance"], ["A toddler was bitten by a bat and died.", "The disease Ebola is incurable at present.", "An infected bat caused the outbreak of Ebola.", "The deadly disease Ebola broke out in Guinea."], ["a science fiction", "a news report", "a lecture essay", "an auto-biography"]], "questions": ["What's the purpose of the 17-strong team?", "In Herr Leendertz's opinion,   _  .", "If the bat theory is confirmed,   _  .", "What's the main idea of this passage?", "This passage can probably be classified as   _  ."], "article": "The largest outbreak of the deadly disease Ebola  was caused by an infected bat biting a toddler, say a group of international researchers.\nThe 17-strong team of European and African tropical disease researchers, ecologists and anthropologists have spent three weeks investigating the outbreak of the disease in Guinea, Liberia, Ivory Coast and Nigeria. The researchers captured the bats and other creatures near the village of Meliandoua in remote eastern Guinea, where the disease began in December 2013. The boy was bitten and passed the infection on to his mother and both died within a week. The disease was then spread far and wide by the people who came to the funeral.\nMost of the previous outbreaks have been caused by meat from dead infected animals collected by hunters who then sell it on. Fruit bats, however, are widely eaten in rural West Africa.\nThe team, led by epidemiologist  Herr Leendertz, a disease ecologist at the Robert Koch Institute in Berlin, are expected to publish their results in a major journal soon.\nHerr Leendertz's team believe that an infected straw-colored fruit bat brought the disease to Guinea. The mammals are known to travel long distances and usually settle in forests near cities. Herr Leendertz said, \" The evidence is not 100 percent and we can only say that it is possible. They can travel far in one night. I don't think an individual bat or colony  migrated all the way from Congo or Gabon to West Africa. These big colonies are connected. There is a possibility for the virus to mix between colonies. The bats share the same fruit. It is likely not to have even been one species of bat. The virus may jump from one species to another.\"\nIf the bat theory is confirmed, the locals would try to destroy the colonies, which, Herr Leendertz says, would be an ecological disaster, because bats pollinate  plants and kill insects. And bat hunts would also only increase human contact with potentially infected animals.", "id": "high13421.txt"}