{"answers": ["D", "D"], "options": [["knowing two or more languages can improve children's skills", "the more languages children know, the better they will be", "children had better not take vocabulary tests", "bilingual education is not always good to children"], ["Clarisse likes French best instead of Japanese", "bilingual education is mainly loved by children", "bilinguals can have a disadvantage in learning other new languages", "knowing more languages can help children learn more about foreign cultures"]], "questions": ["According to Tamar Gollan,   _  .", "From the passage we can learn  _  ."], "article": "On a hot August morning, in a classroom overlooking New York's Hudson River, a teacher guides a group of 3-year-olds completely in Chinese. This is just a language summer camp run by the primary school Bilingual Buds, which offers a year-round course in Chinese as well as Spanish for kids as young as 2.\nA lot of research now shows the regular, high-level use of more than one language may actually improve early brain development. Knowing two or more languages can improve the ability to focus, decide and deal with information better. These important skills are grouped together, known in brain terms as \"executive function\". The research suggests _ develop ahead of time in bilingual children, and are already evident in kids as young as 3 or 4. Bilingual education, common in many countries, is a growing trend across the United States, with 440 elementary schools offering the study in Spanish, Chinese and French.\nBut Tamar Gollan, a professor at the University of California, has found a vocabulary gap between children who speak only one language and those who grow up with more. On average, the more language spoken, the smaller the vocabulary in each one. Gollan's research suggests that while that gap narrows as children grow, it does not disappear completely. Gollan says, \"Vocabulary tests help us find that bilinguals have the disadvantage, where you know the word but you just can't get it out.\"\nIn fact some of the values of bilingualism can't be measured at all, of course. To speak more than one language is to open the mind to more than one culture or way of life.\nBilinguals also appear to be better at learning other new languages. Clarisse spent her early childhood in Switzerland speaking French. At 6, she learned English. Later she learned Spanish, German, and, during three years living in Tokyo, Japanese. Now she has easily mastered several languages.", "id": "high13505.txt"}