{"answers": ["B", "C", "D", "B"], "options": [["We must show great respect for others.", "We should love ourselves in order to get love.", "We should overcome any difficulty.", "We must have mercy on everyone."], ["have a dependable way to create love in their lives", "keep their self-respect hidden in their hearts", "are longing to get love from family or friends", "are waiting for chances to give love to others"], ["you should blame yourself for what you have done", "you should find a way to bring joy to others.", "you should face a mirror for a long time.", "you should learn a lesson from your mistake."], ["To show how smartly he can love himself.", "To give advice on how to love ourselves.", "To warn us not to be lost in self-pity.", "To express a special love for the readers."]], "questions": ["What can we conclude from the passage?", "According to the passage, most people   _", "When you realize you have made a mistake,   _  .", "What is the author's purpose in writing the passage?"], "article": "We spend so much time waiting to be loved, hoping love will find us, and searching for that special love. Unfortunately, that's not usually how life works. Loving yourself is mainly having self-respect, which is the only dependable way to create love in your own life, so you can share it with others. To be able to be loved, you must love and respect yourself as much as you do others. By doing so, you are enabling positive energy and allowing for great situation to occur in your life.\nBringing joy to other people's lives will help you find joy in your own. In addition, those who you treat well will likely repay you with the same kindness. Gradually, you will start to feel your worth through the smiles of gratitude. However, don't just be very kind to people so you can receive royal treatment.\nDon't punish yourself for something you have done in the past. Instead, look at the mistake as a learning experience. Say to yourself now, \"I forgive myself for...\" Go to look in a mirror, and say it out loud to yourself. Look at yourself right in the eyes, and speak forgiveness like you mean it. If you do, laugh out loud, realizing that was then and this is now. Every day is a new beginning.\nWe all want a nice house, nice things, and someone to share our life with. Find your true wants objectively. Are you eager for power, a religion, or simply a motive? Sometimes, it's easier to hide the truth from yourself, but figuring out what you really want will help you know yourself better. This will hopefully aid you in answering important questions you often ask yourself.\nWrite about your experiences, good and bad. When you write down good experiences, allow yourself to feel those feelings. When you remember bad experiences, allow yourself to feel self-compassion . Compassion is not self-pity, but rather a willingness to accept one's own pain and regret. Compassion allows us to be present with our pain, so we can acknowledge it and let it go.", "id": "high13564.txt"}