{"answers": ["D", "A"], "options": [["its beautiful churches, palaces and houses", "its unique St. Mark's Square and the Grand Canal", "its picturesque waterscape", "its marvelous ancient buildings"], ["Venice can be regarded as a big museum", "Venice is no longer a big museum", "Venice is different from a big museum", "Venice can never be a big museum because of its modernization"]], "questions": ["Venice proudly boasts  _  .", "The writer thinks that  _  ."], "article": "Today, one can trace Venice's rich past from its buildings. Most cities can claim at least a handful of outstanding churches, palaces or houses of historical interest, but in Venice very nearly everything is remarkable, from the magnificent Piazza San Marco (St. Mark's Square ) and the palaces that line the Grand Canal to the centuries-old homes of simple fishermen. It would be easy to say that the city itself is an enormous museum if it were not for the fact it is so obviously alive.\nAt first sight, Venice looks unbelievably permanent, an apparently complete Renaissance   city so untouched by time that there seems no reason why it should not go on forever. Now the city is slowly sinking, as the clay on which it is built loses its elasticity   and the massive wooden piles rot   away. Flooding, such a rare occurrence a hundred years ago now happens several times each winter.\nThe damage caused by the flooding is immense, and the fabric of the ancient buildings is now being further damaged by pollution from the mainland town as well as by the wash produced by the constantly increasing number of motor boats that speed up and down the canals.\nA further threat to Venice comes from the Venetians themselves, some of whom are not particularly interested in preserving the city as one of the wonders of the world and would prefer to see it modernized.\n\"What better place is there for the meeting of dear friends? See how it glows with the advancing summer; how the sky and the sea and the rosy air and the marble of the palaces all glimmer and melt together.\" Thus wrote the famous author Henry James, of Venice, which provided the setting for his story \"The Aspern Papers\", in the nineteenth century. The Splendor of Venice has captured the imagination of artists for centuries --- and not just of the great painters and novelists. How tragic now that she is faced with the double threat of man and nature. Venice indeed will be lucky to survive.", "id": "high13842.txt"}