{"answers": ["B", "D", "B", "A"], "options": [["showed her love for long tours", "helped her to explore the wilderness", "earned her high admiration in college", "gave her a chance to learn horse riding"], ["live in the mountains", "enlarge her living space", "settle in a more beautiful place", "get away from increasing numbers of tourists"], ["felt very lonely living in the woods", "made the wilderness a part of her life", "tried to make more people aware of the grebe", "longed to be an editor of National Geographic"], ["A brief introduction to Anne's life.", "Anne's achievements.", "Anne's adventures in the wilderness.", "Anne's pioneering work in wildlife ecology."]], "questions": ["Anne's work at the summer resort  _  .", "Anne built her cabin at Lily Pad Lake in order to  _  .", "We can conclude from the text that Anne  _  .", "What's the main idea of the text?"], "article": "Anne LaBastille was born in New York City and grew up in New Jersey. Her first experience with the wilderness was in the Adirondacks in the northeast of New York, where she worked at a summer resort   to earn money for college tuition   by caring for the horses, giving riding lessons, and working as a waitress. And she had many chances to begin her adventure in the Adirondack wilderness.\nAnne returned to school in the fall, but she continued to spend as much time as she could in the Adirondacks. She grew to love her time alone in the mountains. Anne graduated from college with a bachelor's degree in conservation of natural resources   and began working for the National Audubon Society in Florida as a wildlife tour leader.\nAlthough Anne took great pleasure in showing people the animals living in the Florida Keys and the Everglades National Park, she longed for the mountains in the northern parts of New York. Finally she decided to build a cabin near Black Bear Lake. Over the years, however, more and more tourists began hiking near her cabin. As a result, Anne decided to build another cabin deeper in the woods at Lily Pad Lake.\nAnne lived in the woods for most of her life. She enjoyed living alone in the woods, and her life was far too busy for her to be lonely. When she was not writing books, she wrote articles for National Geographic, Reader's Digest, and other magazines. In her later years, Anne conducted research in Guatemala on an endangered bird called the grebe. She also lectured nationwide about ecology. Besides, Anne worked with a number of organizations dedicated to   conservation.\nAs a respected guide, author, and conservationist, Anne not only loved the land but also had found a way to become part of it.", "id": "high14198.txt"}