{"answers": ["D", "A"], "options": [["selfie leads to success", "a good image decides one's status", "one's poor performance can be erased", "being perfect is highly valued"], ["brings about people's sense of confidence", "is merely popular among teenagers", "tells the true meaning of life", "is an annoying phenomenon on the Internet"]], "questions": ["According to the writer, we live in a society where   _  .", "In the writer's opinion, selfie   _  ."], "article": "\"Selfie\" may have been named Oxford Dictionary's word of 2013. In effect,so widely known has the selfie become that in the past 12 months,its frequency in the English language has increased by 17000 percent, said Oxford dictionaries. However,its popularity has just earned it another honour-being voted the most annoying and overused term of the past 12 months. But I'd like to offer that maybe it isn't so bad.\nAccording to the Oxford online dictionary, selfie is a photo that one takes of oneself, often from a smart phone, and send them to a social media website. Women and men alike decorate their Facebook and Twitter accounts with these pictures, sometimes with exaggerated facial expressions,such as large smiles or puckered lips .\nLet's think about it. Someone takes about 10 selfies each time they do, and they only end up posting one or two of those. They pick the one that they feel makes them look the best. Isn't that beautiful? In that one picture,somebody has given himself or herself confidence. Self-image is vital. In today's society,we are so crazy about being perfect. But perhaps, with that one selfie,we feel as if we fit that need. We feel handsome,beautiful,confident,smart,happy,and content. For that moment,everything bad or terrible that has ever happened to us seemed to have been erased,for that smile or that pucker is what gives us the determination to love ourselves.\nA spoken-word poem I saw lately set me thinking:If I ask you what you love,the answers will most likely roll of your tongue. You love to read. You love to write. You love birds,music...your mom,your brother,your sister,your daughter,your best friend,your dog. How long do you think you could go on and on before you said,\"I love myself.\"?\nThe poem hit me like a ton of bricks. I've struggled with confidence all of my life. And I still do. And in no way am I saying that taking a selfie is a gateway to that confidence. However,the selfie does deserve some _ for allowing individuals to express themselves. Just as Pamela Rutledge put it,\"There are many more photographs available now of real people than models.\"", "id": "high14213.txt"}