{"answers": ["B", "D", "A"], "options": [["To film a new Planet of the Apes", "To collect money for Central Africa", "To make a study of the origin of man", "To enjoy famous senic spots in London"], ["It is disgusting", "It is unique", "It is competitive", "It is challenging"], ["Going Crazy for Charity!", "Protecting Our Rare Animals!", "Competing in Unusual Events!", "Watching Out for Aggressive Animals!"]], "questions": ["What is the Great Gorilla Run held for?", "What can we learn about the Tough Mudder?", "Which can be a suitable title for the passage?"], "article": "On Saturday 17 September 2016, you may catch sight of hundreds of apes  running around the streets of London. They'll have been filming a new Planet of the Apes movie, you'll probably think. But in fact, when the starter's pistol sounds for the Great Gorilla Run next year, this highly popular event will have been raising money for thirteen years. People from all over the world will run, jog or walk 8km in gorilla costumes through the capital's streets, passing such iconic landmarks as The Tower of London and St Paul's Cathedral. By the time the last ape crosses the finishing line, the runners will have raised millions for endangered species and education projects in Central Africa.\nUnusual charity events such as these are a huge trend for raising money for worthwhile causes. If, however, you're looking to really like the idea of running through mud and freezing cold ice, then The Tough Mudder is perhaps what you've been searching for. In this difficult and tiring team event, participants finish a 10 to 12-mile barrier course that tests physical strength and mental courage. It's more about friendship than winning. Over 150 such events worldwide have raised PS5 million.\nBut fundraising doesn't have to involve physical effort. Students at a school in Illinois played Justin Bieber's song 'Baby' over loudspeakers and urged fellow students to pay to stop the song. They needed to raise $1,000 in one week to achieve this. Beyond expectations, they exceeded  the goal within three days. Even teachers _ \nIf you want to join the ranks of gorillas next September, you only have to pay PS60 to register. This includes the gorilla suit, which you can keep. If you take part, not only will you have been helping the gorillas and people who depend on their habitat, you'll never have to buy another set of fancy clothes again!", "id": "high14248.txt"}