{"answers": ["C", "D"], "options": [["a young couple in hope of settling down permanently", "an individual constantly suffering from cabin fever", "a college graduate on a tight budget for the time being", "a family of five in favor of environmental protection"], ["Is Your House Tiny Enough?", "Why Not Enlarge Your House?", "East Or West, Home Is the Best!", "Micro-homes--More Than Tiny!"]], "questions": ["Micro-homes are especially fit for   _  .", "What can be a suitable title for the text?"], "article": "When young people begin to live independently, home-hunting can bring some stress. But they would do well to remember that a new alternative is available--micro-home.\nCalled \"tiny houses\", these houses have all living necessities in a small package, including kitchen, bedroom and bathroom. Generally under 50 square meters, most tiny houses accommodate just one or two people though some claim the space for more. What's lost in size is not lost in design as these homes are often quite unique and modern in design.\nBesides an attractive appearance, tiny houses can also have unique practical features. Making the best of urban space, the 72- to122-centimeter-wide Keret House in Warsaw, the world's narrowest home, fills in an alley. The Ecocapsule home uses solar power, wind power and rainwater collection to enable its owner to live practically anywhere. A system of rails allows the DALE micro-home to adjust room size and number as well as adding the option of an open or enclosed courtyard.\nVisually appealing as micro-homes are, there are a few drawbacks to consider before getting cozy on a mini-couch. Moving into a tiny house requires the removing of most non-essentials, regardless of the emotional connection to them. Guests will also mostly be out of the question as the limited space may even cause a solitary   individual to experience some cabin fever  . And finally, a micro-home is likely a temporary living option for most people since they will probably start families and acquiremore possessions.\nThough the limitations will scare some, there is usually a benefit. A small size results in a small price tag and small bills, making tiny houses easier to save up for and budget. And though you won't have much stuff around the house, this can provide the comfort of simple living and repairs. Micro-homes are also practically mobile and have eco-friendliness that can't be matched by other homes. They probably aren't for everyone or forever, but when it comes to your next (or first) home, they could be just what you need.", "id": "high14339.txt"}