{"answers": ["C", "D"], "options": [["attitudes can be learned from one's parents", "copying other's behaviors is a good way to succeed", "only strong beliefs can't ensure you a promising future", "attitudes can only be learned through one's success"], ["Differences Between Beliefs and Attitudes", "The Nature of Beliefs and Positive Attitudes", "Relationship Between Beliefs and Attitudes", "The Power of Beliefs and Positive Attitudes"]], "questions": ["It can be inferred from the passage that   _  .", "What would be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "Beliefs form a big part of our lives. Successful people have always believed that they can be and will be successful in their lives, such as Michael Phelps. Many of us have seen Michael Phelps win 8 gold medals in a single Olympic Games. That has created a history for himself. Many people have admired his success and the first reaction in their mind will be, \"Wow, how I wish I could be like him!\" Have you ever wondered what brought him success?\nIn fact, anyone can achieve what they have wanted to achieve. It is about beliefs. Everyone is a born winner. It is this belief that drives an individual to be successful in his or her own field. All successful individuals have strong beliefs and it is one of the bases for their success. If we start to believe in ourselves, the things that we can achieve will definitely give us a pleasant surprise.\nOther than having a strong belief, it is the attitude that drives the individual to create their own history. The devotion towards themselves and the drive must also be present. Imagine having a strong belief in oneself and having a poor attitude towards life. Then how would that individual turn out to be? One's attitude _ the drive, the devotion and the desire to achieve his goals. If one has strong beliefs about the goals that he can achieve and he displays good attitudes towards them, it would be no surprise to anyone that he will be able to achieve his goals.\nStart believing in yourself and you will achieve your goals and with the right positive attitude, you will definitely be able to create the miracle that you have always dreamt of.", "id": "high14387.txt"}