{"answers": ["C", "B", "D"], "options": [["To learn English well.", "To be admitted to key universities.", "To receive further education in America.", "To find good jobs and earn much money."], ["It is similar to the TOEFL and the IELTS.", "Everybody with different English levels can take it for free.", "It tests the skills of reading, listening, writing and speaking.", "American universities accept the EFSET results for admission."], ["How to get ready for the EFSET", "Different ways to test English learners in the world", "The new software developed by Education First", "The free EFSET-- an online test for English learners"]], "questions": ["Why do many foreign students take the TOEFL?", "What can we learn about the EFSET?", "What's the best title for the passage?"], "article": "A company has just launched what it calls \"the world's first free standardized English test\" recently. Anyone can take the test for free. The new exam is called the EFSET, which is short for Education First Standardized English Test. The company, Education First, is known by the letters EF.\nIt is estimated that there are two billion English language learners worldwide. Many of them are interested in attending an American college or university. To do so, foreign students need to take the Test of English as a Foreign Language -- better known as TOEFL. However, many foreigners are not wealthy enough to take the TOEFL. In addition, test-takers often have to travel overnight to reach an official testing site. The World Bank says an average Cambodian worker earns only about $1,000 per year. Approximately the cost of taking the TOEFL is 17.5 percent of the average worker's yearly wage.\nIt is not just individuals who find the test pricey. Some governments also find it prohibitive. What's more, not everyone needs official results from the TOEFL or IELTS -- the International English Language Testing System. In the future, it's likely that the government may use the EFSET to test millions of employees and students.\nExperts believe that the EFSET meets the highest value in language testing. It uses special computer software that makes the questions easier or harder, depending on one's performance. The EFSET measures all the English learners' levels while the IELTS and TOEFL only measure learners' levels from moderate   to advanced. The EFSET is unique in the sense that it gives free online access to anyone interested in measuring their English level.\nThere is a 50-minute and a two-hour version of the test, which its developers are calling the EFSET Plus. Both versions test only reading and listening skills. It's hopeful that speaking and writing skills will be tested in the future. The IELTS and the TOEFL still use humans to rate the speaking and writing sections. It's a huge deal for students who are in areas where they can't get to the TOEFL or the IELTS. However, it is too early to know whether the EFSET results are acceptable for colleges and universities in America.", "id": "high14548.txt"}