{"answers": ["C", "A", "B", "D"], "options": [["is very popular", "is difficult to grow", "can cause big trouble", "can make air cleaner"], ["It served as food at first in America.", "It came to America in the early 19th century.", "It grows fast in Asia, but slowly in America.", "It is often eaten by insects or birds in America."], ["Sad.", "Worried.", "Proud.", "Excited."], ["Everyone should learn to love nature.", "It is a hard job to grow plants in yards.", "Gardening has become a serious hobby.", "It is important to say no to foreign plants."]], "questions": ["We can learn from the text that Kudzu in Virginia   _  .", "Which of the following is TRUE of Kudzu?", "How does the author sound when telling of these foreign plants?", "What does the author mainly discuss in the text?"], "article": "Today, many people use plants from other places to design their yards. Well, do they have any influence on animals living nearby? As we know, plants supply food for things like insects and plant-eating animals. In turn, birds and meat-eating animals feed on these insects and plant-eating animals. It is easy to see how important plants are.\nAlthough foreign plants may look beautiful, they can cause problems when there are too many of them. I live in Virginia, USA, and sometimes see a plant--commonly known as Kudzu--that seems to cover everything in the area, even climbing over whole trees and houses.\nKudzu is an unbelievable plant since it grows very fast. It was first brought to the United States from south-east Asia around the 1870's as a crop that farmers could grow. However, Kudzu quickly came to be considered harmful throughout the southern United States.\nSince Kudzu grows fast in many different environments, it can completely cover areas of land quickly. The plant is also not eaten by any insects or birds in the United States so it can grow unchecked. Kudzu can cover trees, bushes, and even houses. It costs the United States 500 million dollars a year to just keep Kudzu from growing too fast. The plant is a perfect example of what scientists call an invasive   species, which grows more quickly than other native plants.\nAll foreign plants have the possibility to spread quickly. Not only are they costly, but planting them in gardens actually takes away food from insects. If everyone filled their garden with plants native to where they live, many lovely butterflies and other native creatures would be attracted to their backyards! So, take a look out of your window -- how does your garden grow?", "id": "high14552.txt"}