{"answers": ["B", "D", "A"], "options": [["Because we are not old enough.", "Because we are used to listening to others' voices.", "Because our parents and professors ask us to listen to the voices of our employers.", "Because we can't find suitable jobs."], ["The writer completed his college study in his teens.", "The writer's movie career didn't go all right so he returned to college.", "It was not until he was 25 years old that the writer knew what he exactly wanted to do.", "The writer suggests we should listen to our intuition."], ["a speech", "a report", "a film review", "an advertisement"]], "questions": ["In the writer's opinion, why can't we define ourselves before 25 years old?", "According to the passage, which of the following is true?", "The passage is most likely to be   _  ."], "article": "Because, like most of you, I began college in my teens, but after a year, I was offered my dream job at Universal Studios, so I dropped out.\nWell, I left college because I knew exactly what I wanted to do and some of you know, too -- but some of you don't. Or maybe you thought you knew but are now questioning that choice. Maybe you're sitting there trying to find out how to tell your parents that you want to be a doctor and not a writer.\nI told my parents if my movie career didn't go well, I'd re-enroll . It went all right. But finally, I returned for one big reason.\nMost people go to college for an education, and some go for their parents, but I went for my kids. I'm the father of seven, and I kept insisting on the importance of going to college, but I hadn't walked the walk. So, in my fifties, I re-enrolled at Cal State-Long Beach, and I earned my degree.\nWell, what you choose to do next is what we call in the movies the 'character-defining  moment'.\nLife is one strong, long string of character-defining moments. And I was lucky that at 18 I knew what I exactly wanted to do. But I didn't know who I was. How could I? And how could any of us? Because for the first 25 years of our lives, we are trained to listen to voices that are not our own. Parents and professors fill our heads with wisdom and information, and then employers and tutors take their place and explain how this world really works.\nAnd I want to be clear that your intuition  is different from your conscience. Here's the difference: Your conscience shouts, 'here's what you should do,' while your intuition whispers, 'here's what you could do.' Listen to that voice that tells you what you could do. Nothing will define your character more than that.\nSticking to your character requires a lot of courage. And to be courageous, you're going to need a lot of support. And if you're lucky, you have parents like mine. I consider my mom my lucky charm.\nBut look, if your family's not always available, there's backup. Do you remember that movie? It's a Wonderful Life? There's an actor's line in it: No man is a failure who has friends.\" And I hope you hold on to the friendships you're made here at Harvard. And among your friends, I hope you find someone you want to share your life with.", "id": "high14556.txt"}