{"answers": ["B", "A", "C", "D"], "options": [["the buildings in Paris", "the general situations of Paris", "the center of the world", "the famous buildings along the Seine River"], ["the clothes worn by women in Paris are liked by women all over the world", "women in Paris sell their clothes all over the world", "women from all over the world go to Paris and wear their own clothes", "women from all over the world like to go to Paris to buy clothes"], ["UNESCO", "the Pont Neuf", "Eiffel Tower", "Notre Dame"], ["Paris is the capital of the European nation of France.", "Paris is called the City of Light.", "The United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization is located in Paris.", "The most famous building in this city is the famous museum, the Louvre."]], "questions": ["This article mainly tells us about  _  .", "From the passage we may conclude that  _  .", "The building of  _  is the most famous building in Paris.", "Which of the following descriptions of Paris is not true according to the text?"], "article": "Paris is the capital of the European nation of France. It is also one of the most beautiful and most famous cities in the world.\nParis is called the City of Light. It is also an international fashion center. What women are wearing in Paris will be worn by women all over the world. Paris is also a famous world center of education. For example, it is where the headquarters of UNESCO, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization.\nThe Seine River divides the city into two parts. Thirty-two bridges cross this beautiful river. The oldest and perhaps most well-known is the Pont Neuf, which was built in the sixteenth century.  The Sorbonne, a famous university, stands on the left bank of the river. There are many other famous places in Paris, such as the famous museum, the Louvre, as well as the Notre Dame. However, the most famous building in this city is Eiffel Tower.\nParis is named after a group of people called the Parisii. They built a small village on an island in the middle of the Seine River about two thousand years ago. This island, called the lie de la Cite, is where Notre Dame lies. Today around eight million people live in the Paris area.", "id": "high1465.txt"}