{"answers": ["C", "B", "D"], "options": [["they are easy to operate", "the robot delivery is appreciated in big cities", "the robot delivery is cheaper than human delivery", "they can travel for 10 hours continuously"], ["People's indifference to the robots.", "Safety of the robot delivery.", "Accuracy of the robot delivery.", "People's concern about public traffic."], ["Great Improvement of Just Eat", "Global Trend of Food Companies", "New Robots to Move on the Road", "Delivery Robots to Replace Takeaway Drivers"]], "questions": ["The test of Starship robots shows that   _  .", "Which of the following is one of the worries about Starship robots?", "Which of the following would be the best title for the text?"], "article": "Your next Saturday night takeaway could be brought to you by a robot after a major food delivery company announced plans to use automated vehicles to transport meals. Europe's biggest online takeaway food company Just Eat has partnered with Starship Technologies to deliver food with robots on the streets of London later this month. \"Nobody has ever done deliveries with land-based robots,\" said Allan Martinson, the chief operating officer of Starship.\nThe robot courier can travel up to 4 miles per hour for about 10 miles. It uses a GPS signal and nine cameras to navigate . Instead of a person arriving at their door, customers could find themselves receiving a notification  on their phone that says a robot is on its way and a code to unlock the automated courier. \"Put the code in, the robot opens up, and there's your food,\" said David Buttress, chief manager of Just Eat.\nThe robot, which has so far been tested in Greenwich, Milton Keynes and Glastonbury, costs PS1 to transport within 3 miles, compared with the PS3 to PS6 it costs for a human courier. To date 30 robots have driven nearly 5,000 miles without getting into an accident or finding themselves picked on by passers-by. They have driven in more than 40 cities around the world, including London and Tallinn, Estonia.\nAn initial worry was how the public would react to robots. But Martinson said the public has been calm when passing the delivery machine on the streets. \"The most surprising reaction has been the lack of reaction,\" said Martinson.\nAnother significant fear was that people would disrupt  the robots, or try to steal them and their contents. To prevent this, the robot is fitted with nine cameras, two way audio, and movement sensors that send a warning if it is lifted off the ground. And it opens only with a pass code provided to the customer via a notification. \"It's much easier to shoplift than it is to steal a robot,\" said Martinson.", "id": "high14655.txt"}