{"answers": ["A", "D", "C"], "options": [["Their academic career can benefit from it.", "It is an access to better wine cellars.", "Reasons beside glory.", "They can win honour."], ["His team examined the 20-year careers of physicists.", "He came from Havard, a top-ranking university himself and knew it well.", "Individual physicists' citations by other authors increased within 5 years.", "They ranked the physicists' institutions according to citations to these universities' paper."], ["It proved that a post at an elite university helps academics.", "It began in 1950 and ended in 1980.", "It calculated the citations of the physicists' institutions.", "It is based on a lot more than 2,000 scholars of various fields."]], "questions": ["What is the fundamental reason why scholars want to get a post at an elite university?", "On what basis did Dr Barabasi's research team draw conclusions that getting a post at a higher-rank university won't help scholastic impact?", "Which of the following is true of Dr Barabasi's research?"], "article": "Most academics would view a post at an elite university like Oxford or Harvard as the crowning achievement of a career--bringing both honour and access to better wine cellars. But scholars desire such places for reasons beyond glory. They believe perching on one of the topmost branches of the academic tree will also improve the quality of their work, by bringing them together with other geniuses with whom they can collaborate and who may help spark new ideas. This sounds reasonable. Unfortunately,as Albert Laszlo Barabasi of Northeastern University,in Boston (and also, it must be said, of Harvard), shows in a study published in Scientific Reports, it is not true.\nDr Barabasi and his team examined the careers of physicists who began publishing between 1950 and 1980 and continued to do so for at least 20 years. They ranked the impact of the institutions these people attended by counting the number of citations each institution's papers received within five years of publication. By tracking the association of individual physicists and counting their citations in a similar way, Dr Barabasi was able to work out whether moving from a low to a high-ranking university improved a physicist's impact. In total, he and his team analysed 2,725 careers.\nThey found that, though an average physicist moved once or twice during his career, moving from a low-rank university to an elite one did not increase his scientific impact. Going in the opposite direction, however, did have a small negative influence. The consequence is that elite university do not,at least as far as physicists are concerned,add value to output. That surprising conclusion is one which the authorities in countries such as Britain, who are seeking to concentrate expensive subjects such as physics in fewer, more elite institutions--partly to save money, but also to create what are seen as centers of excellence--might wish to consider.", "id": "high14685.txt"}