{"answers": ["B", "D", "A", "A"], "options": [["Show love to the person", "Test out their claw skills", "Avoid the attack from the dog", "Get food from a person's hand."], ["They are afraid of height.", "They are easy to get lost in a tree.", "They don't know how to jump off a tree.", "Their climbing ability doesn't help when climbing down."], ["Just let it alone.", "Lead it down patiently.", "Teach it the right way to get down.", "Watch it closely until it comes down."], ["Why cats like to climb trees.", "Why cats can't climb down a tree.", "How cats manage to climb down a tree.", "What owners do to help cats down a tree."]], "questions": ["According to the text small cats like to climb a person's leg to  _  .", "Why do cats have trouble getting down from a tree?", "What should you do when you see a cat trapped in a tree?", "What does this text mainly talk about."], "article": "Cats like climbing trees and there are logical reasons behind this behavior. Interestingly, due to some of their physical features, cats will meet trouble getting down from the trees after climbing up, which may seem unusual.\nThere are several reasons why cats climb trees, mostly to do with defensive purposes. Cats, as predators , like to understand their environment well. As they are small animals, their scope of vision is considerably smaller. Cats often climb trees to get a better view of their surroundings to help them see any potential dangers.\nWhile cats are predators, they are also easy to get attacked from larger animals, such as dogs or even other cats. A tree often provides a safe hiding place. In the wild, cars climb up trees to give them a resting or napping place that is out of predators' range. It also helps disguise their presence.\nSome cats may climb trees for fun, on occasion, or possibly to work on improving their climbing abilities. Small cats frequently test out their claw skills by trying to climb up anything and everything, from bookcases to trees to a person's leg. Climbing practice is good for cats; it can improve their strength and flexibility and teach them an important defensive skill.\nIf a cat has gotten up a tree and cannot get down, the owner may wonder why its remarkable climbing abilities only work in one direction. A cat's claws curve inward, allowing it to grip onto surfaces while going up head first. Unfortunately, this useful climbing curve does nothing to help the animal get back down again.\nEventually, most trapped cats will either jump out of the tree or realize that they can get down by going tail first. Either way, a cat up a tree is usually nothing to worry about; they are intelligent animals and will figure out how to get down sooner or later.", "id": "high14696.txt"}