{"answers": ["B", "A"], "options": [["was born in a poor family", "did well in his naval training class", "stayed in the Navy for nearly 8 years", "joined the army immediately after graduating from university"], ["Special English programs were not practical", "it would cost too much to make Special English programs", "it was unnecessary to broadcast Special English programs", "Special English programs wouldn't help listeners in improving their English"]], "questions": ["We can know from the passage that Henry Loomis  _  .", "Those who were against his ideas of Special English programs said  _"], "article": "Henry Loomis served as director of the Voice of America for seven years starting in 1958.Mr Loomis played an important role in creating the Special English service .\nHenry Loomis was born in 1919 Tuxedo Park , New York. His father was Alfred Lee Loomis , a rich New York City businessman .In 1940, Henry Loomis dropped out of Harvard University to join the United States Navy .He was able to put to good use his knowledge of radar technology that he had learned about because of his father's work .After graduating at the top in his naval  training class, Henry Loomis became a teacher at the Navy's radar training school in Hawaii. By the end of World War Two, Henry Loomis had received many honors for his service, including a Bronze Star and an Air Medal. He left the Navy in 1946 to begin graduate studies.\nHenry Loomis later moved to Washington, D.C. to begin another part of his career in public service. He held positions in the Department of Defense and other agencies: In 1958, he became director of the Voice of America.\nDuring his travels around the world, Mr. Loomis saw that English was becoming an\nimportant international language. He believed that it was important to make English easier to\nunderstand by listeners of VOA broadcasts whose native language was not English. So Mr. Loomis asked VOA program manager Barry Zorthian to develop a way to broadcast to listeners\nwith a limited knowledge of English:\nThe result of this effort was Special English: The first Voice of America broadcast in Special English took place on October 19th, 1959. Those against his ideas at the time said the Special English method of broadcasting at a slower rate with a limited vocabulary would never work, it was not practical. American embassies  demanded that the program be called off. But Mr. Loomis supported the program.\nSoon, VOA began to receive hundreds of letters from listeners praising the program. Special English programs became some of the most popular on VOA. We are pleased to say that our programs still are.", "id": "high147.txt"}