{"answers": ["B", "C", "A"], "options": [["makes our life harder", "may bring us illness", "keep us busy", "gives us a break from work"], ["doing net shopping", "watching TV at home", "reading books on a beach", "learning a new skill"], ["Spending your free time away from technology.", "The disadvantages of Watching TV.", "The relationship between technology and health.", "Finding the hidden gift in you."]], "questions": ["According to the text, technology  _  .", "In the author's opinion, one of the best ways to relax is probably  _  .", "Which of the following might be the best title of the text?"], "article": "It's true to say that technology makes our lives easier. However, increasingly scientists are saying that we need to give ourselves a break-----otherwise we put ourselves at risk  of developing hundreds of health problems. Over the summer the days are longer and sunnier. Why not put this free time to good use and do something away from technology?\nYou could learn a new skill. There are hundreds of possibilities: cooking, a musical instrument or a new sport. Haven't you always wanted to learn how to knit ? You could use your free time to practice these new things, which might lead to an exciting opportunity in the future.\nIf you just want to relax, why not head to a beach? Take along your favorite book and relax on the sand, or go for a walk along the coastline. If you don't live near a beach, you could go to your local park. Why not have a picnic, or try to explore some of the local wildlife? You could even get involved in the latest craze : adult coloring books! Coloring is a surprising thing to help you relax, and it can be a nice way to escape from the stress of modern life!\nWhatever you choose to do, try something new! You might surprise yourself and find a hidden gift within you; you might make new friends along the way. Next time you find yourself changing TV channels  from one to another without a clear purpose, think about what else you could spend your time doing.", "id": "high14700.txt"}