{"answers": ["C", "A", "C"], "options": [["About 100 years.", "Less than two centuries.", "About 370 years.", "Over five centuries."], ["They are always wearing costumes or special T-shirts with themes or logos.", "They always parade through countryside villages singing and dancing.", "There are no more than 50 blocks today.", "They don't parade before the show."], ["The famous carnivals in the world.", "How the carnival was introduced in Brazil.", "The carnival in Rio de Janeiro.", "The happy life of the people in Rio de Janeiro."]], "questions": ["How long is the history of the people's celebrating modern Brazilian Carnival?", "Which of the following statements is TRUE about the blocks in Rio de Janeiro?", "What is the passage mainly about?"], "article": "The Carnival of Brazil is an annual festival held 46 days before Easter, especially famous for the Carnival in Rio de Janeiro. Carnival celebrations are believed to have roots in the festival of Saturnalia, which, adapted to Christianity, became a farewell to bad things in a season of religious discipline to regret and prepare for Christ's death and coming back to life.\nModern Brazilian Carnival dates back to Rio de Janeiro in 1641. It originally copied the European form of the festival, later taking in elements of Native American and African cultures.\nIn the late 19th century, the strings   were introduced in Rio de Janeiro. These were pageant   groups that paraded through city avenues performing on instruments and dancing. Today they are known as blocks, consisting of a group of people who dress in costumes or special T-shirts with themes or logos. Blocks are generally connected with particular neighborhoods; they include both a music group and a lot of revelers.\nBlock parades have become an expressive feature of Rio's Carnival. Today, they number more than 100 and the groups increase each year. Blocks can be formed by small or large groups of revelers with a clear title. Before the show, they gather in a square, then parade in sections of the city, often near the beach.\nCarnival time in Rio is very interesting, but is also the most expensive time to visit Rio. Hotel rooms and other lodgings   can be up to four times more expensive than the regular rates. There are big crowds at some locations and life is far from ordinary in many parts of town.", "id": "high1470.txt"}