{"answers": ["A", "B", "C"], "options": [["The baby is growing healthily.", "The parents are rich enough.", "The mother has enough milk.", "The family is in good situation."], ["complete a check item", "see if you have a healthy weight", "know about your living habits", "set up your checkup book"], ["Babies.", "Kids.", "Adults.", "The old."]], "questions": ["Why is everyone happy hearing a baby become fatter?", "The doctor compares your height and weight in order to   _  .", "Which group has the largest number of people with overweight problems?"], "article": "Your weight has been important since the moment you were born. Maybe you even know what your birth weight was. Most newborns weigh between 6 and 9 pounds, but some may weigh more and some less. But very quickly, a baby gains weight and everyone is glad about that because it means the child is growing bigger and stronger.\nAs you get older, your weight is still important. It's something your parents and doctor will probably keep an eye on. When you go for a checkup, the doctor often will record your height and weight and compare it with what it was the last time you came in. The doctor wants to check whether you have a healthy weight because weighing too much or too little can be a problem.\nBut these days, being overweight is more common than being underweight. In the last 30 years, a growing number of kids and teenagers have developed weight problems. Today, 1 out of 3 kids and teens between the ages of 2 and 19 are overweight. Many grown-ups understand what it's like to have weight problems, since 2 out of every 3 adults   are overweight..wfsqzkss.\nFor kids and adults, weighing too much can lead to illnesses and health problems. And a kid who is overweight might be made jokes on or find it hard to keep up with friends on the playground. When people talk about being overweight, they mean that someone has more body fat than is healthy. Everyone has some body fat, but extra   fat can influence someone's health and ability to walk, run, and get around, as well as how the person looks and his or her self-respect.", "id": "high14716.txt"}