{"answers": ["B", "A", "B", "B"], "options": [["To promote book selling.", "To encourage reading.", "To win authors fame.", "To perfect education."], ["The Luminaries", "Paris For One", "Dead Man Talking", "Out In The Dark"], ["A romance.", "A comedy.", "A horror story.", "A moving story."], ["The Luminaries tells a story of a Booker Prize winner.", "Paris For One tells a story of Nell and Fabien.", "Out In The Dark is a story during World WarII.", "Dead Man Talking is a story of Pat and his talkative friend."]], "questions": ["What is the main aim of the World Book Day?", "If you lack confidence in your reading skills, you will probably avoid reading   _  .", "What else do you expect the author to introduce?", "According to the passage, which of the following statements is TURE ?"], "article": "World Book Day is a celebration of all things wonderful about books for all ages, with author events, school fancy-dress parades and a PS1 book token given to all school children under 18. It is a yearly event on 23rd April, organized by the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization ( UNESCO ) to promote reading.\nIn the United Kingdom, the day is recognized on the first Thursday in March. On 3rd March 2016 children of all ages in the UK will come together to appreciate reading. Sometimes, reading a modern novel can be tough ( Booker Prize winner The Luminaries runs to 832 pages! ), especially if reading is not your strong suit. In fact, one in six people in the UK never pick up a book because they've experienced difficulties or are out of the habit of reading for pleasure.\nThe Galaxy Quick Reads series are designed to introduce reluctant readers to bestselling short funny novels, which bring the joy of reading without demanding hours of concentrated time. They cover a range of subjects, from romance to comedy.\nJojo Moyes's Paris For One is a romantic adventure in which 26-year-old Nell books a weekend away to Paris with her lazy, neglectful boyfriend. When he fails to turn up, she is alone in the city. That is, until she meets Fabien, who shows her the charms of the French capital -- in more ways than one.\nAdele Geras's moving story Out In The Dark was set in World War I, in which young Rob came back from the battlefields. Determined to find the officer's widow to return the photo of her and their daughter that the captain kept with him, he traveled several thousand miles but never gave up.\nDead Man Talking is a fantastic tale of Pat, who had a terrible fight with his best friend, Joe, ten years ago -- but now hears that Joe is dead, and he must attend his funeral. But Joe is not going quietly that very night -- he's lying in his coffin being very chatty indeed.", "id": "high14722.txt"}