{"answers": ["C", "D", "D", "A"], "options": [["Because it is a required course at high school and college.", "Because it is a way to communicate your thoughts.", "Because it is an important skill for many jobs.", "Because it shows your good quality."], ["more than 4,000 working people value the course of writing", "many people regard computer science as a useful course", "some people would study business if they had a chance", "most people consider writing to be an important course"], ["mangers", "engineers", "sales representatives", "all of the above"], ["To clarify what writing means to people.", "To show what good writing is.", "To encourage people to write.", "To provide evidence for the survey."]], "questions": ["Why does the author say writing is very important?", "The survey conducted by the National Institute of Education shows that.", "The author suggests that  _  need to communicate a lot in writing.", "Why is Eldridge Cleaver's autobiography mentioned in the passage?"], "article": "You have probably been told by your high school instructor that writing is an important and practical skill. However, you may not be convinced that the ability to write will be important in your own future. If so, you will be surprised at the results of a recent survey by the National Institute of Education. More than four thousand working men and women who had graduated fifteen years earlier were asked to name the courses they would have taken in college if they had known better. The designer of the survey expected people to name courses in computer science, mathematics, or business. But the course most often mentioned was writing.\nIf you already have a job, you are probably not surprised at their answers. Many jobs require the ability to write. Despite the increasing use of the telephone and the computer, much information must be communicated in writing.Some ten million people--managers, engineers, sales representatives, and many others-- write regularly as part of their jobs. Summaries, reports, reports, letters and speeches are required in today's work world. The ability to write, therefore, is an important skill. The successful individual is almost always the one who can communicate successfully in writing.\nWriting communicates your thoughts and feelings to others; it also tells you something about yourself. Maybe this is what Eldridge Cleaver had in mind in his autobiography, \"I started to write... to save myself...I had to seek out the truth... I had to find out who I am and what I want to be ,what type of man I should be ,and what I could do to become the best of which I was capable.\"", "id": "high14729.txt"}