{"answers": ["A", "D", "C"], "options": [["why we smile when we see someone else smile", "why we yawn when we see someone else stay up late", "why we cry when we are hurt", "why we cough when we suffer from a cold"], ["determine our knowledge and language abilities", "control human physical actions and feelings", "result in bad behavior and social disorders", "relate to human behavior and interaction"], ["Ways to find mirror neurons.", "Problems of mirror neurons.", "Functions of mirror neurons.", "Existence of mirror neurons."]], "questions": ["Mirror neurons can explain   _", "We can learn from the passage that mirror neurons   _  .", "What is the passage mainly about?"], "article": "Have you ever considered why you begin yawning too when you see someone yawn? Or how hard it is to be among people laughing and not laugh yourself? Well, apparently it's because we have mirror neurons  in our brains.\nPut simply, the existence of mirror neurons suggests that every time we see someone else do something, our brains imitate it whether or not we actually perform the same action. This explains a great deal about how, we learn to smile, talk, walk, dance or play sports. But the idea goes further: mirror neurons not only appear to explain physical actions, they also tell us that there is a biological basis for the way we understand other people.\nMirror neurons can undoubtedly be found all over our brains, but especially in the areas which relate to our ability to use languages, and to understand how other people feel. Researchers have found that mirror neurons relate strongly to language. A group of researchers discovered that if they gave people sentences to listen to ( for example: \"The hand took hold of the ball\" ) , the same mirror neurons were _ as when the action was actually performed (in this example, actually taking hold of a ball).\nAny problems with mirror neurons may well result in problems with behavior. Much research suggests that people with social and behavioral problems have mirror neurons which are not fully functioning. However, it is not yet known exactly how these discoveries might help find treatments for social disorders.\nResearch into mirror neurons seems to provide us with even more information regarding how humans behave and interact. Indeed, it may turn out to be the equivalent  for neuroscience of what Einstein's theory of relativity was for physics. And the next time you feel the urge to cough in the cinema when someone else does -- well, perhaps you'll understand why.", "id": "high14731.txt"}