{"answers": ["B", "A", "B", "C"], "options": [["Changing the Zika virus permanently.", "Removing the destructive species for ever.", "Having changed genes in their next generations.", "Making all the species more productive and stronger."], ["They may become weaker or die out.", "They may be more productive.", "They may cause damage to their living habitat.", "Their genes may spread to later generations."], ["Scientists are not sure what exact results gene modification leads to.", "Scientists won't modify any genes before they make the final decision.", "Gene modification has benefited some farm animals and agricultural plants.", "Scientists have not applied gene modification to wild animals and plants in case of possible danger."], ["Stop research on gene control", "How to change genetic structure", "Power and danger of gene control", "Advantages of gene control in wild animals and plants"]], "questions": ["What possible advantage does gene control in wild animals and plants have?", "As for genetically changed wild animals and plants ,what are scientists worried about?", "Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?", "What can be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "Scientists are debating how to limit their newly-discovered power to change genetic structure. Scientists already modify the genes of farm animals and agricultural plants to make them more productive or stronger. But now they can also change genes in wild animals and plants. These genes would continue into later generations. For example, it may be possible for scientists to remove from existence the kind of mosquitoes that carry the Zika virus. They might also be able to permanently remove species of plants and animals that are destructive to other species.\nIn a report published last week, the U. S.  National Academies of Sciences, Engineering and Medicine (NAS) said it supports continued research on this kind of gene control. But it warned that it is not possible to know what will happen when these changed plants and animals are released into the wild.\nSixteen biologists, ethicists  and policymakers are on an NAS committee that is examining the issue. They say that there is value to the new technology. But, they say, there is not enough evidence to support the release of modified organisms   from the laboratory into nature.\nMany people would support stopping mosquitoes and rats from carrying diseases. But scientists say we must understand the possible scientific, ethical, legal and social results of such action before we decide whether to take it. Gene modification is spread through reproduction .\nChanged genes will continue to spread as long as an animal or plant continues to reproduce. They cannot be limited to a farm or kept within a country's borders. Scientists are wondering what may happen if a modified organism mates with another species. They are not yet sure how the modified genes would affect the other species. It is possible that those genes could harm those creatures or even lead to their disappearance from our planet.", "id": "high14752.txt"}