{"answers": ["C", "D", "A"], "options": [["It takes in the heat and cools it down.", "It uses a mirror to reflect the sunlight.", "It sends heat away right into space.", "It has a window to let out the heat."], ["suffer high temperature", "have poor air conditioning", "have plenty of food", "are short of power"], ["The appliance of the new panel is still under research.", "Some people got benefits from producing the panels.", "People may have problems in using the new material.", "The new panels may save 15 percent of the energy."]], "questions": ["How does the panel work?", "The new material is especially useful in areas that   _  .", "What can you infer from the passage?"], "article": "Researchers at Stanford University have developed a new material that can move heat out of buildings and into space. The researchers say the material can cool buildings even on hot days. The cooling material is a very thin sheet with many layers that could be placed on a roof like solar panels . However, instead of turning sunlight into energy as solar panels do, the material turns heat into radiation.\nShanhui Fan is an electrical engineering professor at Stanford University. He says that the panels have a layer of material that is like sand. The panels act like a mirror. They take heat out of buildings and reflect the light from the sun. And he says both the heat and sunlight are sent 100 kilometers into outer space. \"It's a structure  that cools itself without electricity input, even under the sun. So, what it does is basically radiate heat to outer space and also reflect the sunlight so it doesn't get heated up by the sun. Mr. Fan says it is like having a window into space. The heat is sent directly into space without warming the air.\"\nHe says buildings in developing countries that do not have electricity or air conditioning could use the panels. \"In areas where electricity is out of reach for many people, there is a potential   benefit for storing medicine or even food. In many of these situations, being able to reduce the temperature is important. And this would provide a way to do it.\"\nThe researchers say the main problem is creating actual cooling systems using the high-tech panels. They say it may be possible to develop a cooling spray  that could be used on present solid structures. They believe the cooling spray technology could be developed in the next three to five years. They say as much as 15 percent of the energy used in the United States is spent providing power to air conditioning systems.", "id": "high14764.txt"}