{"answers": ["A", "B", "D"], "options": [["He is a great creative artist.", "He lives near the Great Salt Lake.", "He made the most famous Land Art.", "He was a pioneer in creating Land Art."], ["it shows the extreme beauty of nature", "it develops and decays gradually over time", "it combines the landscapes around completely", "it offers the artists a chance to get close to nature"], ["Works of Land Art.", "History of Land Art.", "Changes of Land Art.", "Introduction of Land Art."]], "questions": ["What do we know about Robert Smithson?", "One of the unique characteristics of Land Art lies in   _  .", "What is the passage mainly about?"], "article": "Land Art, sometimes referred to as Earth Art or Earthworks, is a form of art which involves using physical landscapes to create art, taking art out of the museum and into the outside world. Modern Land Art movement really got going in the 1960s when American artists began creating Land Art on a large scale. Today, works of modern Land Art can be seen all over the world, sometimes right alongside much older pieces of Land Art created by people who lived thousands of years ago.\nLand Art, which is not necessarily unchangeable, can take a number of forms. For examples, in 1970 Robert Smithson created the Spiral Jetty , made of a collection of stones and mud, in the Great Salt Lake. The American artist made a large jetty in a spiral shape which sticks out into the waters of the lake.\nReshaping the landscape is a common characteristic of Land Art, which can be created by moving parts around. People can also add things to the environment to create Land Art, like salt, which is added to the Spiral Jetty. It is possible to use plants. In all cases, Land Art is immovable.\nLand Art is designed to gradually form, change, and eventually decay . That's one of the biggest differences between Land Art and most of the art one sees in the museums. Some works of art can exist only for a few hours or days. Others are exposed to rain and wind so that they develop and decay over time, which is part of the attractiveness in the eyes of the artists.", "id": "high14769.txt"}