{"answers": ["A", "C"], "options": [["Proper diets can help build your muscle", "The diet is not as important as exercise", "Diet plans are very important", "Paying attention to your diet"], ["eat chicken with skin", "eat baked chicken", "not eat chicken with skin and the fried", "not eat boiled chicken"]], "questions": ["What's the best title of the passage?", "When you eat chicken, you should always   _  ."], "article": "When looking for diet plans to gain muscle there are some great tips that can help you to ensure that you are eating to help you build the muscle that you want. Your diet is just as important as exercise when you attach importance to your diet, it can help you to reach your goal much faster.\nYou will find that you will eat lean meat almost daily. If you eat meat each day this can help you to keep your figure. The trick with beef is to find lean cuts and this is something that can provide you with protein. Fish and turkey will also be included in the diet. Chicken has some rules and you should always eat skinless and avoid frying.\nFiber is something that is not talked much about when looking for a muscle building diet, but this is basis part of the muscle building diet. Fiber has many benefits and will aid in digestion and help you to feel full. Oatmeal   is a great source of fiber, but you should avoid the premade oatmeal. Fruit and vegetables contain a lot of fiber and this can also aid in weight loss if this is a problem you are working on.\nIf you want to complete your workout more effectively, you need to make sure that you are drinking adequate amount of water each day. Your body is made up of water and you need to replenish   this water source each day in order to be in the best shape. If you are completing a very intense workout, you will need to make sure that you are drinking even more water to stay hydrated .\nWhen protein  is a great way for busy individuals to get the protein they need on the go. You will use soy and tofu for sources of protein if you do not eat meat and this can be a wonderful alternative.\nThere are diet plans to gain muscle for every category. You can make minor adjustments to your diet that can have some great benefits.", "id": "high14762.txt"}