{"answers": ["B", "C", "B", "C"], "options": [["doesn't deserve her name", "doesn't look her age at all", "behaves like a young woman", "looks younger than Halle Berry"], ["physical beauty never lasts long", "there is no such thing as agelessness", "people's attitude towards aging has changed", "stars pay too much attention to their appearance"], ["They expose people to danger.", "They make people feel stressful", "They are too expensive for ordinary.", "They encourage comparisons among people."], ["To show the burden of youth.", "To offer tips on how to look hot.", "To advise people to accept aging.", "To comment on some famous stars."]], "questions": ["In the author's eyes, Sandra Bullock   _  .", "The example of Grace Kelly is given to show   _  .", "Where do the author's concerns about anti-aging techniques lie?", "What's the purpose of the text?"], "article": "Sandra Bullock turned 51 last month. But because she looks exactly the same as she did inMiss Congeniality, a movie filmed back in the 20thcentury, everyone calls her \"ageless.\" Bullock is just one of a number of stars in their 40s and 50s who've had birthdays recently but have not gotten older, unlike the rest of us in their age group. Take Halle Berry. One website put a photo of her 20 years ago next to one of the newly 49-year-old Berry and dared us to choose which was which. \"This Is What 49 Looks Like,\" it said. Seriously, if that's what 49 looks like, I must be 71.\nHowever, even a generation ago, famous faces evolved. Look at a picture of Grace Kelly at age 52 in the early 1980s. She looks like a beautiful middle-aged woman. Today she'd look old for her age.\nThe goal now is to prevent aging while you are still young, using all the magical nonsurgical options medicine has to offer. Eventually these techniques will become less expensive, and ordinary people my daughter's age will have them. Already anti-aging is starting to be considered maintenance, like coloring your hair. My friends and I find ourselves openly debating techniques that we used to make fun of. Does fat-freezing work? How much time do you have to spend in the gym to keep the body of a 35-year-old after 50? It's all so exhausting. But members of the next generation have it tougher. They'll have to ask themselves whether they want to spend their youth trying not to get old. I've already seen \"Sexy at 70\" headlines. Will everyone be expected to go to their graves  looking hot?\nI also have to wonder what else we are slowing along with age. How do you move on if you're working so hard to stay the same? And besides, if you've known the ache of watching a daughter pack up for college, you know you can't stop the clock.", "id": "high14767.txt"}