{"answers": ["C", "A"], "options": [["Jane, who decides to lose weight.", "David, who exercises for future health.", "Mary, who enjoys exercising with her son..", "Mark, who is suffering from a serious illness."], ["Immediate rewards of exercise should be emphasized.", "Distant benefits should be the motivators for exercise.", "Feeling relaxed is more important than future health.", "Men and women take exercise for different purposes."]], "questions": ["According to the passage, which of the following persons may exercise more in a year?", "What is the author mainly arguing in the passage?"], "article": "What would it take to persuade you to exercise? A desire to lose weight or improve your figure? To keep you away from diseases? To live to a healthy old age? You'd think any of those reasons would be enough to get Americans exercising. Yet a vast majority of Americans have thus far failed to swallow the \"exercise pill\".\nNow a research by psychologists strongly suggests it's time to think of current well-being and happiness as motivators for exercise instead of future health, weight loss and body image.\nDr. Segar, one of the researchers, believes that immediate rewards are more motivating than distant ones. \"People who say they exercise for the quality of life exercise more over the course of a year than those who say they value exercise for its health benefits.\" He said. '\nOther studies have shown that what keeps people moving depends on age, sex and life circumstances. For those of college age, physical attractiveness typically heads the list of reasons to begin exercising, although what keeps them going seems to be the stress relief that a regular exercise program provides. The elderly, on the other hand, may get started because of health concerns. But often what keeps them exercising are the friendships and sense of community that may otherwise be missing from their lives. Improving daily well-being is the most influential factor for the women. Men indicate they are motivated by more distant health benefits, but this may be because men feel less comfortable discussing their mental health needs.\n\"Exercise should be encouraged but the emphasis on weight loss, disease prevention and healthy aging should be reduced.\" Dr. Segar concluded. \"Exercise can make people feel more energetic, less stressed and, yes, happier.\"", "id": "high14773.txt"}