{"answers": ["B", "A", "A", "B"], "options": [["attend his owner's funeral", "wait for Lochi to come back", "stay together with Lochi", "celebrate Mass with Father Panna"], ["is an old woman who likes dogs", "is Father Panna's wife", "is the owner of the Italian church", "is devoted to the Father Panna"], ["Why the dog can stay in the church every day.", "How the dog came to Mass with Maria.", "What Father Panna usually does in the church.", "Where Father Panna allows the dog to stay."], ["A dog fond of Mass", "A faithful dog like Hachi", "A Hollywood film Hachi", "Maria Lochi's story"]], "questions": ["The dog Tommy still goes to the church every day to   _  .", "According to the passage, Maris Lochi   _  .", "What does the writer want to tell us by quoting what Father Panna said?", "What is the best title for the passage?"], "article": "A heartbroken dog whose owner died two months ago is missing her so much that he attends services every day at the Italian church where her funeral was held, patiently waiting for her to return.\nTommy, a seven-year-old dog, belonged to Maria Lochi, 57, and had been her faithful partner after she adopted him when she found him in fields close to her home. Mrs. Lochi adopted several dogs she found but friends said she developed a close friendship with Tommy and would walk to church with him every day, where he would be allowed to sit patiently by her feet.\nFather Panna said, \"He's there every time I celebrate Mass and is very well behaved. He doesn't make a sound, and I've not heard one bark from him in all the time he has been in. He used to come with Maria and he was obviously devoted to her. I let him stay inside as he was always so well behaved and none of the other people ever complained to me. He's still coming to Mass even after Maria's funeral, he just sat there quietly. I didn't have the heart to throw him out. I've just recently lost my own dog so I leave him there until Mass finishes and then I let him out.\"\nTommy's been adopted by everyone in the village now and he is everybody's friend. Everyone looks out for him and leaves food for him, although it would be nice to find a proper home for him.\nThe story of Tommy is similar to the 2009 Hollywood filmHachiwhich told of how a faithful Akita dog waits patiently for his master after he also dies. It was based on the true story of a Japanese Akita called Hachi, whose owner died in 1925 but for the next nine years he waited patiently at the railway station for his owner from where they regularly caught a train.", "id": "high14783.txt"}