{"answers": ["C", "B"], "options": [["The natural living schedule.", "Busy and invaluable experiences.", "The happiness of the simple life.", "The very few material possessions."], ["He was behind the times.", "He wouldn't enjoy the modern life.", "He was rich enough to enjoy the city life.", "He was disconnected with the outside world."]], "questions": ["What interested the author most when living in the tiny house?", "What did the author feel when he returned to the US?"], "article": "When my students ask me why I live in a tiny house, they ask it in light of all the \"sacrifices \"I an making. They know that I have moved from a large apartment in the city to a small custom-built home on wheels in the backyard woods. They know I _ running water, Internet connection, sewage , and reliable phone reception.\nHowever, it was possible for me to be truly happy while living with very few material things. My body responded well, in health, fitness and mood, to a schedule more consistent with the natural day and night cycle. Observing the daily sunset, hosting friends for days at a time, reading, writing letters to my families and friends and exploring natural wonders in my spare time all were free and invaluable experiences.\nWhat was necessary to my survival proved to be a rather short list-healthy food, clean and drinkable water, heat source, weather-protecting shelter, weather-suitable clothing, equally important friends and mental and physical stimulations .\nWhen I returned to life in the US, I couldn't help but sense a deep and uneasy belief that life suddenly changed. I felt disconnected with many things- the earth, others, my food source, my waste disposal, the natural cycle of my body and the productive interests. These are the things I once cared for but now find myself too busy to enjoy. How was it that I was earning literally 40 times my Peace Corps salary and was less healthy, satisfied and intentional in my daily schedule? I found myuself asking-what is it to be rich anyway? Therefore, last August I let go of most of my possessions and moved into a tiny house on wheels because I wanted to see if I could live a more enjoyable lifestyle. So far so good. No inconvenience has made up for the many positive benefits that continue to come from this change in lifestyle. I believe that I have made the right decision.", "id": "high14814.txt"}