{"answers": ["D", "B", "C"], "options": [["Tom who is 17 years old", "Jenny who is 19 years old", "Mike who is 20 years old", "Brown who is 22 years old"], ["Weather", "Transport", "Sports", "Driving rules"], ["explain how to enjoy life in Spain", "prove Spain in a beautiful country", "make readers know more about Spain", "attract more people to pay a visit to Spain"]], "questions": ["Who is allowed to rent a car in Spain?", "Which of the following about Spain is NOT mentioned in the passage?", "The purpose of the passage is to  _  ."], "article": "Spain is a country that lies in southwestern Europe. It's surrounded by the Mediterranean Sea on the south and the east, while to the north of Spain lie France, Andorra and the Bay of Biscay. The west and northwest of Spain are surrounded by Portugal and the Atlantic Ocean.\nThe official name of the state is the Kingdom of Spain. Madrid is the capital city, which is also one of the famous places in Spain. Spain, which covers 506,000 square kilometers, is one of the largest countries in Europe.\nThe weather in Spain differs from one area to another. Most of the rain that happens in Spain is in the mountainous areas. The plains hardly receive any rainfall.\nSoccer in Spain is an important part of life of the people in Spain. It's said that Spanish children learn to walk and play soccer at exactly the same time. Real Madrid and FC Barcelona are two Spanish soccer teams, which are respected by soccer fans not only in Spain, but all over the world. The popularity of the sport can be judged from the fact that three major soccer teams, which are Real Madrid, Atletico de Madrid , and Rayo Vallecano, were born in Madrid.\nIf you are a tourist, then you would want to know about the driving rules in Spain. If you're not from the European Union, Switzerland, Norway, Iceland, or Liechtenstein, then for you to drive you'll have to carry your international driver's license. Bad news if you haven't celebrated your 18th birthday. If you want to rent a car, then you must have completed 21 years of age. If you're driving, make sure you carry all the documents on you at all times during your stay in Spain.", "id": "high14813.txt"}