{"answers": ["D", "A", "B", "C"], "options": [["sales skills", "carefulness", "attitude", "initiative"], ["Tim's.", "Lisa's.", "Donna's.", "None."], ["The HR manager of the company made a mistake.", "The company meant to omit   its contact information.", "The HR manager of the company was unfit for his / her job.", "A printing error occurred in the advertisement in the newspaper."], ["no contact information seen in an advertisement might not be the company's mistake", "applicants should be careful not to be fooled by the company's advertisement", "opportunity always belongs to whoever is active and broad-minded", "there are many successful chances to be found in this age"]], "questions": ["According to the passage the company wanted to test the applicants'   _  .", "Whose search skill is the easiest of all?", "What can we infer from the passage?", "The writer wants to tell us through this passage that   _  ."], "article": "A company advertised in the newspaper for a sales position. Details of the prerequisite  , salary and benefits were given. It was also clearly stated that applicants needed to take an aptitude test   and an interview. However, looking at the whole advertisement, one could not find any contact information of the company.\nMost interested applicants thought that it was the company's HR department's carelessness or a printing error. They therefore waited patiently for the newspaper to publish an amendment. But instead of waiting for the newspaper to publish the company details, another three applicants took the initiative to find out the company's contact information themselves.\nTim did a search on the Internet. By typing the company's name, he easily obtained all the information including its contact number. Lisa called up the local telephone number search service and found out the company's office number. She called up the office and got the required contact information. Donna put in a greater effort in her search. She remembered seeing a poster by the same company in the city so she drove all the way down and made a few rounds to search for it. She finally found it together with the company's contact information.\nThree days after that advertisement was published in the newspaper, most interested applicants were still waiting eagerly for an amendment. On the other hand, the application letters and resumes of Tim, Lisa and Donna had already reached the hands of the company's HR manager. They were then called up for an interview. During the interview, all went well and immediately they were hired. The three of them were a little surprised at how fast things went on. They were expecting for an aptitude test as stated in the advertisement. The HR director answered them, smiling, \"Our test is hidden in the advertisement itself. To be a good salesperson in this age, he or she has to be broad-minded and very importantly, does not follow rigid   steps or rules. You are all clever and agile. In a short time, you've managed to find ways of contacting us. It shows clearly that you have passed the test with flying colors!\"\nThe fools sit around waiting for their chances whereas the wise actively take actions with great initiative   .", "id": "high14817.txt"}