{"answers": ["A", "A", "C"], "options": [["It is not a new development.", "It made World Wide Web famous.", "It appeared because of the computers.", "It helped people develop new interests."], ["An email address.", "His friend's help.", "High-speed network.", "His friend's Facebook page."], ["The way to be a Facebook user.", "The importance of social networking.", "Two important social networking websites.", "The differences between MySpace and Facebook."]], "questions": ["What can we learn about social networking?", "What do new users of Facebook need to create an account?", "What does the passage mainly tell us?"], "article": "One of the most recent social changes taking place in the world is social networking. Social networking has been in existence for at least 150 years, and probably longer than that. In the times before the invention of the computer and the World Wide Web (WWW), social networking was done in person. People who had similar likes and interests would gather together to share experiences, make new friends, and improve their businesses.\nOn the Internet, social networking websites made their first appearances during the late 1990s. The first major social networking website in the United States was MySpace. MySpace allowed its users to exchange messages, share pictures, and make new friends in a way that was never thought of in the past. With MySpace, people who did not go out much could reach out to others from their own homes.\nIn 2004, Facebook was created. It was first a website created for use by Harvard University's students and teachers, but it soon expanded to include just about everyone. It is now larger than some of the largest companies in the world. It is a website that is changing all the time. Facebook has completely changed the way people stay connected with each other and the rest of the world. The way it works is simple. Users can set up a new account   easily. All a new user needs is an email address to start. Once a person has created an account and his friend also has his own Facebook page, he can invite his friend by sending a request out to him. Once you get started, making new friends will come easily.", "id": "high14810.txt"}