{"answers": ["B", "B", "A", "A"], "options": [["after 25 years", "according to the law", "as a result of those important jobs", "because women are as strong as men"], ["that women interrupt a career to have children", "what sort of work women do", "because they are women", "what unfair pay women get in workplaces"], ["Women and men should get equal pay for equal work.", "Women should strengthen themselves.", "The government ought to protect women against getting paid less than men.", "Some of the jobs that women do are of great importance."], ["Work to give women a fair pay deal", "The equal pay act", "The sort of work women do", "The biggest problem about women"]], "questions": ["Women should have the chance of doing the same jobs and getting the same pay as men   _  .", "We can learn from the text that what really matters in this problem is   _  .", "Which of the followings best describes the writer's idea?", "Which do you think would be the best title for this passage?"], "article": "The law says women should have the chance of doing the same jobs as men and earn the same as them. The reality is very different. Women lose because, 25 years after the Equal Pay Act, many of them still get paid less than men. They lose because they do lower-paid jobs which men just won't consider. And they lose because they are the ones who interrupt a career to have children.  All this is reported in an independent study ordered by the Government's women's unit. The biggest problem isn't equal pay in workplaces such as factories. It is the sort of work women do.\nMake a list of low-paid-jobs, then consider who does them. Try nurses, secretaries, cleaners, clerks, teachers in primary schools, dinner ladies and child-care helpers. Not a lot of men among that group, are there? Yet some of those jobs are really important. Surely no one would deny that about nurses and teachers, for a start. So why do we reward the people who do them so poorly? There can be only one answer--because they are women. This is not going to be put right overnight. But the government, which employs a lot of them, and other bosses have to make a start.\nIt is disgraceful   that we have gone into the 21st century still treating women like second-class citizens.", "id": "high14826.txt"}