{"answers": ["B", "C", "A", "B"], "options": [["Her son has no table manners.", "Her son's physical problems get worse.", "Her son doesn't work hard at school.", "Her son spends much money on games."], ["Using a heavy smart phone will cause it.", "Adults don't have the problem.", "It is caused by the wrong body position", "Children with it often have other diseases."], ["best treatment for the chronic pain is exercising", "people must take medicine to cure the chronic pain", "people should stop using smart phones", "the chronic pain has nothing to do with one's mental health"], ["To Play Games Well, Sit Up Straight", "Too Much Gaming Is A Pain In The Neck", "How To Avoid The Pain In The Neck", "How To Be More Fit By Playing Games"]], "questions": ["What is Mehzabin worried about?", "What do we know about the chronic pain?", "According to health experts,   _  .", "What may be the best title for the text?"], "article": "Most children have ever heard their parents yell \"sit up straight!\" or \"don't hang your head !\" when they eat dinner. Nowadays, it is also heard around another activity -- video games. Ten-year-old Owaish admits it takes him three to four hours a day to play games on his tablet computer. In addition, he plays for about two hours on the smart phone every day. As a result, he started suffering a serious pain in the neck around June or July. What's worse the pain has spread to the hand and back gradually, which makes his mother Mehzabin become concerned.\nThe doctors note the number of young children with the chronic pain  in their necks, arms and shoulders is on the increase sharp in recent years . They are not aging, they haven't had an accident, the blood reports are fine, their X-rays are fine, and their MRIs are fine. Facts have proved that the pain is from the poor posture  while they are playing video games on smart phones or other electronic devices. 19-year -old student Nida feels pain in the finger which holds the weight of her smart phone most of the day. Nida almost uses her smart phone 24/7, which means 24 hours a day, seven days a week, or all the time.\nHealth experts predict there will be not only physical but mental  problems resulting from the overuse of electronic devices. They encourage people to often take breaks and exercise from using computers, smart phones or other devices. Stand up! Stretch  the legs, back, shoulders and arms in all the possible directions. That's the most effective way and maybe the key to solving the problem completely. After all, the medication doesn't help sometimes.", "id": "high14834.txt"}