{"answers": ["C", "D"], "options": [["Storm Sandy has already caused great damage to New York.", "Most people haven't been prepared for the coming of Storm Sandy.", "The author went out to buy a flashlight but failed.", "Most schools and universities have canceled classes for 3 days."], ["The university has asked students to leave the school at once.", "The university has asked students to close all the windows and doors.", "The university has sent text messages to students about what time the storm will come.", "The university has asked students to prepare necessary things in case of evacuation."]], "questions": ["From the passage we can know that  _  .", "What steps has the university taken to prepare for the storm?"], "article": "Li Bingyin is now studying law at the Stern School of Business at New York University. She wrote this letter just before hurricane Sandy destroyed the East Coast.\nDear readers,\nThe storm will really _ on the city! Right now I am sitting in my dormitory , waiting for the blackout to come any second, and listening to the wind howl outside my windows. Hurricane Sandy is supposed to hit the East Coast hard today. Due to the bad weather, most schools and universities have canceled classes for Monday and Tuesday.\nLuckily, the university has taken steps to prepare for this storm. University officials sent out e-mails with explanation in the case of a blackout, evacuation , or other emergency. Just recently, I received several text messages from the school about power off in certain dormitories. They advised us to prepare a bag with essentials , in case we needed to leave the building and move to a safer place.\nYesterday I went out to buy a flashlight , but all of the nearby stores were sold out. Everyone was storing water, food and other supplies for the storm.\nRight now the city is unusually quiet. On any other day, there would be the sounds of cars, people chatting, and street artists performing. Tonight, there's just the wind and rain hitting the window. The subway system has been closed since last night, and there is nobody on the streets. Hopefully Hurricane Sandy will soon pass without leaving much damage\nSincerely,\nLi Bingyin", "id": "high14833.txt"}