{"answers": ["D", "D", "A"], "options": [["help people exercise with better shoes", "attract more people to choose easyJet", "make sure their passengers have the best possible flight experience", "provide passengers with further pleasant experience beside their flight"], ["Bring down their cost.", "Add more functions.", "Develop more types.", "Make the battery last longer."], ["A commercial ad.", "A science report.", "A tourist map.", "An airline guide."]], "questions": ["The airline easyJet designed Sneakairs in order to   _  .", "What might easyJet do to improve its smart shoes?", "Where does this text probably come from?"], "article": "Most airlines go all out to ensure their passengers have the best possible flight experience. Now, Europe's low-budget airline, easyJet, wants to extend the positive experience beyond the plane ride with \"Sneakairs\"--smart shoes that allow visitors to explore new cities and towns without ever looking at a map.\nTo transform Sneakairs from an ordinary shoe to a tour guide, all the wearer has to do is enter his or her desired destination into the easyJet smartphone app. A built-in GPS will determine the wearer's starting location while the Google Maps navigation  tool will help chart the best route. Whenever a change of direction is necessary, the app will communicate with the appropriate shoe via the Bluetooth and cause it to vibrate . For example, if the wearer needs to turn right, he/she will feel the sensation in the right shoe. Should the user miss the turn, the smart shoes will both vibrate at the same time, reminding him/her to change course.\nVisitors that wander off the suggested path or decide to take a break for a cup of coffee or a meal have nothing to worry about. The smart app will automatically determine the new location and chart out a new route, once the desired destination is reached. Sneakairs will vibrate three times to inform the user of the arrival and then go back to being ordinary shoes--until their navigation services are needed again!\nSneakairs is certainly not the first navigation shoe in the market. However, easyJet is the first airline to offer them to passengers just as they are about to land in an unknown city. However, before Sneakairs can go mainstream, the easyJet team still needs to make some adjustments. Among the challenges that need to be addressed is the smart shoe's three-hour battery life, which is hardly enough for a tourist to catch all the delights a new or town has to offer!", "id": "high14842.txt"}