{"answers": ["D", "A", "B"], "options": [["they are the first places sinking into the sea", "they are both sinking into the mud where they stand", "they will disappear in the future", "their trouble is caused by global warming"], ["People who are forced away from their homeland by climate.", "Climate changes.", "Rare animals.", "Climate effect."], ["Tuvalu's nine little islands are less than five meters above the sea level.", "The average global temperature has risen by 13 centigrade degrees over the past 100 years.", "The warmer temperature causes the sea level to rise.", "There will be huge climate changes unless the warming is stopped."]], "questions": ["The author uses Tuvalu and Venice as examples in order to explain  _  .", "What does \"climate refugees\" mean?", "Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?"], "article": "Tuvalu, a tiny country in the Pacific Ocean, has asked for help as it fears it will be swallowed up by the sea.\nStorms and huge waves are a constant threat and none of Tuvalu's nine little islands is more than five metres above sea level. Salt water is already entering the country's drinking water supply, as well as damaging plants that produce fruit and vegetable. Without urgent help, the country's days are numbered.\nBut Tuvalu is not the first place to face sinking into the sea. Venice, a historic city in Italy best known for its canals, has sunk about 24 cm over the past 100 years. Experts say that it will have sunk another 24 cm by 2050. A century ago, St. Mark's Square, the lowest point in the city, flooded about nine times a year. Nowadays, it happens more than 100 times. While Venice is slowly sinking into the mud on which it stands, Tuvalu's rising sea level is caused by global warming.\nThe average global temperature has increased by almost 0. 5 centigrade degrees over the past century, scientists expect it to rise by extra 1.3 degrees over the next 100 years.\nWarmer weather makes glaciers  melt, adding more water to the ocean. The warmer temperatures also make water expand, so it takes up more space, causing the sea level to rise. The sea level has risen 10.25 cm in the last 100 years.\nThe main cause of global warming is human pollution. Through burning coal, oil and gas, people have been increasing the greenhouse gases in the atmosphere, such as CO2. This adds to the power of the greenhouse effect, making the planet even warmer.\nMany scientists believe that, if the warming is not stopped, there will be huge climate changes. The sea level could rise by one meter this century.\nShould this come true, the sea will swallow up millions of homes and the world will be flooded with \" _ \" looking for somewhere to live.", "id": "high14853.txt"}