{"answers": ["D", "C", "A", "C"], "options": [["His nature.", "His father.", "His family.", "His interest."], ["Baden", "a factory", "Sandoz Laboratories", "Zurich University"], ["was being wrongly used", "was not useful for psychiatry", "made Albert Hofmann surprised", "could change mankind's place in nature"], ["He has four brothers or sisters.", "He has found many useful plants.", "He lived up to more than 100 years.", "He only concentrated on scientific experiments."]], "questions": ["What led Albert Hofmann to a career in chemistry?", "It's likely that Albert Hofmann produced LSD in   _  .", "From the passage, we know the discovery of LSD   _  .", "Which can be inferred about Albert from the passage?"], "article": "Albert Hofmann was a Swiss Scientist who was fascinated by nature. This led him to a career in chemistry in which he sought answers to his uncertainties. He worked at Sandoz Laboratories where he nurtured his research work, and there he made a lot of success by working with various plants and changing them into something useful. He became famous when he became the first person to produce lysergic acid diethylamide (LSD)  . In addition, he was also the first person to taste it and learn about its hallucinogenic   effects. He was deeply connected to the nature and argued that LSD, besides being useful for psychiatry , could also be used to promote awareness of mankind's place in nature. However, he was disappointed that his discovery was being carelessly used as a drug for entertainment. Because of his discovery, LSD fans have fondly called him \"The father of LSD\". Besides carrying out his scientific experiments, he also authored numerous books and more than 100 scientific articles. In 2007, he featured in a list of the 100 greatest living geniuses , published by The Telegraph Newspaper.\nChildhood & Early Life\nAlbert Hofmann was born in Baden, Switzerland, on January 11, 1906. He was the eldest of four children. His father was a poor toolmaker in a factory and they lived in a rented apartment. He spent much of his childhood outdoors, and grew up with a very deep connection with nature.\nHe had mind-blowing experiences in childhood, wherein nature was changed in magical ways that he didn't understand. These experiences caused questions in his mind, and chemistry was the scientific field which allowed him to understand them.\nHe studied chemistry at Zurich University, and his main interest is the chemistry of plants and animals. At 23, he earned his Ph. D with honors.", "id": "high14851.txt"}