{"answers": ["B", "D"], "options": [["Negative.", "Positive.", "Unknown.", "Neutral."], ["China is No.1 in 5G network technology.", "China has already entered 5G ages.", "China will launch the network testing before 2020.", "China will use 5G network technology in transportation."]], "questions": ["What's Wu's attitude towards the 5G network technology?", "After reading the passage, we can infer that   _  ."], "article": "China started late in network technologies and has lagged behind for years. With the rapid development of wireless technologies, the concept of the Fifth Generation (5G) mobile communication system started to emerge . Although the development of 5G network technology in the international community is still in the research stage, a number of foreign countries and organizations are working on it. In order to catch up with the pace of the times, China also needs to have its own place in such a competitive environment.\nCompared with 2G, 3G and 4G, 5G is not independent and brand-new. It is a combination and further development of present mobile communication technology. Besides the speed upgrade, 5G will also meet the requirements of large bandwidth, super high capacity, super dense site, super high reliability and whenever and wherever possible assess.\nThere are some rapid changes in China's telecom space. With the 3G network now widely used, and 4G just around the corner, China is now preparing to enter the 5G era. China has started research and development on the 5G network, and plan to launch the network testing by around 2020. It's expected that a unified standard will be adopted globally with the 5G technology.\n\"Under a same standard, different enterprises can be connected, and form a competition environment. Therefore, we can guarantee that enterprises can gain reasonable profits, and at the same time provide faster, better, more convenient and cheaper services to consumers.\" Wu Ku, Director of Dept. of Science & Tech., MIIT said.\nWu Hequan from Chinese academy of engineering said, \"5G will make it possible to connect one million devices to the so-called Internet of Things within one square meter. In the future, it will also be available on high-speed trains moving as fast as 500 kilometers per hour. In the area of the Internet of Vehicles, it can be used in unmanned vehicles, assisted driving and the management of smart cities.\"\nWu believes China's future Internet will be faster, more intelligent and more reliable.\nChinese government pays more attention to the development of 5G and adopts a more open attitude. With the joint effort of the industry, China will play an increasing important role in the global 5G development.", "id": "high14864.txt"}