{"answers": ["C", "B", "B"], "options": [["The author went to rescue the cats as soon as he heard them crying.", "The firefighters put out the big fire quickly and no one was hurt.", "The mother cat moved all of her five babies to a safer place despite the fire.", "The author didn't find the cats until the smoke and heat were gone."], ["He refused to watch someone else die in his work.", "He was impressed by the mother's strong love and courage.", "The cat's story had made many people concerned.", "It had taken much time and effort for him to save them."], ["Objective.", "Admiring.", "Excited.", "Optimistic."]], "questions": ["Which of the following is TRUE according to the article?", "Why was the author determined to save the cats?", "Which best describes the author's tone in the article?"], "article": "A mother's love\nI'M a New York City firefighter. Every day, I see terror -- sometimes even death. But the day I found Scarlett was different. That day I saw life. And love.\nWe were responding to a call about a burning garage. Outside, I heard the sound of cats crying. I couldn't stop -- I would have to look for the cats after the fire was put out.\nIt took a long time to finally bring the big fire under control, but we did it. No one inside was hurt.\nAt that point I was free to investigate the cat noises. There was still a lot of smoke and heat coming from the building. I followed the meowing  to a spot on the sidewalk near the front of the garage. There, crying and huddled  together, were five terrified kittens. They must have been inside the building, as their fur was badly singed .\nI left the five kittens in a box on a neighbor's porch .\nI wanted to find the mother. It was obvious that she had gone into the burning garage and carried out all of her babies, one by one -- unbelievable.\nWe finally found her. She was badly burnt: her eyes were blistered  , her paws  were blackened, and her fur was singed all over. You could even see her reddened skin beneath the burned fur. She could barely move. I picked her up, and she relaxed in my arms as much as her pain would allow. Sensing her trust, I shed a tear. I was determined to save this brave little cat and her family.\nThe vet told me they would observe the kittens and their mother overnight, but they weren't optimistic about the mother's changes.\nAbout a week later, I found out she was going to live. One of the technicians suggested we name her Scarlett, because of her reddened skin.\nKnowing what Scarlett endured  for her kittens, it melted my heart to see her reunited with them. She touched each of them again, nose to nose, to make sure they were all safe. She had risked her life five separate times -- and it had paid off. All of her babies had survived.\nAs a firefighter, I see heroism  every day. But what Scarlett showed me that day was the kind of bravery that can only come from a mother's love.", "id": "high14867.txt"}