{"answers": ["B", "B", "D"], "options": [["they give him hope of justice and tomorrow in life", "they are for adult and that he is now an adult", "they help him forget the real world", "they are similar to cartoons he used to watch"], ["The hero or heroine simply has met no difficulty at all.", "The hero or heroine is able to deal successfully with any problems.", "Sometimes there are cartoon characters in the movies.", "The audience know they are simply foolish stories."], ["People may be confused by them.", "Movies can usually improve real life.", "Film fans just follow the movie stories.", "False comfort may mislead the audience."]], "questions": ["With time going on, the author shifts to watching more movies because he thinks that  _  .", "Which of the following is true about the type of movies the author mentions?", "According to the author, which of the following is the side effect of the movies?"], "article": "I was always blamed for watching too much cartoons. As I have said goodbye to my teenage, I shift to watching more movies to prove that I was a grown-up. Surprisingly, I found that movies have something in common with cartoons. They are unrealistic.\nSometimes movies give people hope, including the hope of justice, the hope of tomorrow and almost everything else. A great number of people were once touched by certain movies. From time to time, movies try to deliver some decisive ideas to the audience. In this way, movies do cheer up many people to go on with their lives.\nIt seems that there is a set formula in movies. We usually see the hero or heroine in the movies suffer a lot in the opening. Gradually and likely, the destination of them always comes to a turning point. So they have to struggle or make some important choices. Then the movie ends up with a happy finale. Or at least the hero finally manages to face his poor life with great courage somehow. However, when audience watch movies in the cinema, most of them just follow the story. Few of them may ask, \"Will it happen in the real life?\"\nMovies are also imitating the real life. Thus a movie, just like a novel, can never be the same as the real life. The setting of a movie is so ideal that we could hardly find it out in reality. The moviemakers just try their best to persuade the audience to believe the story is true. In a word, it is all just _ .\nFor quite a long time, I think that the adults' world is realistic in the opposite way of the children's cartoon. However, the movies from the adult world turn out to be a made-up thing. At the very moment, I suddenly realize that movies are somewhat of the adult's fairy tales or cartoons.\nTo sum up, other than false comfort such as movies and tales, we are more in need of the maturity of mind, so that we can face our lives bravely and correctly.", "id": "high14874.txt"}