{"answers": ["D"], "options": [["Carolus Clusius' book made people import tulips into Holland.", "Holland is called \"the flower shop of the world\" because of the tulip.", "The tulip festival in the Noordoostpolder is sometimes held indoors.", "Holland is not the birthplace of tulips."]], "questions": ["What can we learn from the text?"], "article": "Tulips  are the national flower of Iran and Turkey. The European name for the flower is a misuse of the Persian word for turban , a mistake probably arising in the common Turkish custom of wearing flowers in the folds of the turban. Alternatively, the misuse may have arisen because this eastern flower, when not yet in full bloom, looks like a turban. In Persia, to give a red tulip was to declare your love for someone. The black center of the red tulip was said to represent the lover's heart, burned to a coal by love's passion.\nOriginally growing in the Ottoman Empire (present-day Turkey), tulips were imported into Holland in the sixteenth century. When Carolus Clusius wrote the first major book on tulips in 1592, they became so popular that the tulips in his garden were stolen from time to time. As the Dutch Golden Age grew, so did this colorful flower. They were commonly seen in paintings and at festivals. In the mid-seventeenth century, tulips even created the first economics bubble , known as \"Tulip Mania\". At that time, tulips were so expensive that they were used as money until the market for them crashed.\nToday, Holland is still known for its tulips and other flowers, often sincerely called \"the flower shop of the world.\" Tulips are planted in great fields of beautiful color, and transform the landscape into a sea of different colors. Tulip festivals are held throughout the country in spring. However, the most well-known tulip festival is organized in the Noordoostpolder, a province in the central Netherlands, each year. Held in the middle of the tulip fields, this flower festival runs from late April to early May. The Dutch people took their love of tulips abroad when they settled, and tulips and tulip festivals are now found in New York and Michigan, where the connection to their Dutch roots is still very strong.", "id": "high14875.txt"}