{"answers": ["C", "A", "B", "C"], "options": [["They have to work hard to pay for the high tuition fee.", "Many American students have a burden of a family.", "They need a better education to get a best job.", "They have to pass strict tests to complete their education."], ["American students have no time to think of physical exercise.", "Sporting activities are popular among American students.", "American students should take part in various social activities.", "Those who don't participate in social and sporting activities are usually unpopular with their peers."], ["have no difficulty in raising a family", "live an easy life in universities", "don't have to take full-time jobs", "have more duty to make greater progress"], ["part-time jobs chosen by American students", "the high fees of American universities", "difficult lives American students have to face", "different opinions on American universities"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is not the difficulty American students have to face?", "Which of the following statement is NOT TRUE according to the passage?", "Compared with American students, Chinese university students   _  .", "This passage mainly deals with   _  ."], "article": "I have been teaching in the United States for three semesters. During this time, I have been very impressed with the hardworking American students. Tuition fee   in American universities are pretty expensive. Most American students receive little, if any, financial support. As a result, they have to work hard to pay for their tuition and other basic expenses. Tertiary   education is a necessity in today's workforce. Young people with higher education are rewarded with a good career and better salary. So how do American students support themselves?\nAll my American students have to work to pay for their tuition. For this reason, most universities provide limited jobs for students who need economic help. They also help students search for jobs in the community. I have been touched to see some students are so worn out from their jobs that they doze in my classroom. In addition to taking part-time jobs, students are also expected to take part in various social and sporting activities and, in fact, those who do not take part in are often looked down upon by their peers.\nA number of American university students are married with families, or are single parents. These students are faced with the additional burden of raising a family. They have to spend much time, money and energy caring for their children and family. Most American university professors are strict. They test students on every unit in their course, in addition to mid-term and final exams in each semester. A lack of preparation by students may result in their failure. This means the loss of a lot of money and possibly future employment opportunities for these students. For this reason, many American students will study or stay up all night before an exam, in an effort to pass.\nIn contrast, Chinese students have a much easier time, because most Chinese parents pay for their kids' tertiary education. Moreover, Chinese students do not need to worry about raising children or maintaining a family. So, Chinese students have no reason for not studying hard and achieving good marks.", "id": "high1490.txt"}