{"answers": ["B", "D", "B"], "options": [["One.", "Two.", "Three.", "Four."], ["In 1921.", "In 1860.", "In 1964.", "In 1965."], ["the designer of the National Flag of Canada", "the history of the National Flag of Canada", "the meaning of the National Flag of Canada", "why the red and white single maple leaf was chosen as the design for the National Flag of Canada"]], "questions": ["How many colors are there in the National Flag of Canada?", "When did Canada have its own national flag?", "The passage is mainly about   _  ."], "article": "The Canadian red and white maple leaf  flag is officially called the National Flag of Canada. The Canadian flag shows a stylized red maple leaf with 11  points on a white background, with red borders down each side. The Canadian flag is twice as long as it is wide. The white square containing the red maple leaf is the same width as the flag.\nThe red and the white used in the National Flag of Canada were proclaimed the official colors of Canada in 1921 by King George V. Although the maple leaf did not have its official status as a symbol of Canada until the announcement of the national flag in 1965, it had historically been used as a Canadian symbol, and was used in 1860 in decorations for the visit of the Prince of Wales to Canada. The 11 points on the maple leaf have no special significance.\nIn the early days,the Royal Union Flag,or the Union Jack, was still flown in British North America. In 1925 and again in 1946, the Canadian Prime Minister Mackenzie King tried to get a national flag of Canada adopted, but failed. In 1964,Prime Minister Lester Pearson appointed a 15-member, all-party committee to come up with a design for a new flag. The committee was given six weeks to complete its task.\nThe committee studied 2,000 submitted  designs as well as 3,900 that had been gathered as a result of the 1946 committee's study. Those designs with a chance of being accepted were given to the full committee for further study.\nThe suggestion of a red and white single maple leaf design for the Canadian flag came from George Stanley, a professor at the Royal Military College. After a heated discussion, _ finally decided on his suggestion.", "id": "high14902.txt"}