{"answers": ["B", "C"], "options": [["unusual hours and low pay", "a lack of small talk", "no chance for advancement", "an absence of serious conversation"], ["connecting with others is key to our happiness", "unserious conversation could promote bonding", "small talk can help us feel connected to our surroundings", "smiling can help people gain a great sense of belonging"]], "questions": ["The author attributes the unhappiness felt by security guards, truck drivers and sales people to   _  .", "The author used the Tate Modern example to demonstrate that   _  ."], "article": "Security guard, truck driver, salesperson--year after year, these jobs appear on lists of the unhappiest careers. Although many factors can make a job unhappy, unusual hours, low pay, nochance for advancement -- these three gigs stand out for another reason: a lack of small talk.\nPsychologists have long said that connecting with others is central to well-being, but just how much conversation we require is under investigation. In one study, researchers eavesdropped  on undergraduates for four days, then cataloged each overheard conversation as either small talk (What do you have there? Popcorn?(Yummy!) or serious (So did they get divorced soon after?). They found that the second type related with happiness--the happiest students had roughly twice as many serious talks as the unhappiest ones. Small talk, meanwhile, made up only 10 percent of their conversation, versus almost 30 percent of conversation among the least content students.\nHowever, don't just consider chat worthless yet. Scientists believe that small talk could promote linking. Chatting with strangers could brighten your morning. In a series of experiments, psychologists gave Chicago travelers varying directions about whether to talk with fellow train passengers something they typically avoided. Those told to chat with others reported a more pleasant journey than those told to enjoy your being alone or to do whatever they normally would. None of the chatters reported being rejected. And the results held for introverts  and extroverts  alike which makes sense, since acting extroverted has a positive effect on introverts.\nSmall talk can also help us feel connected to our surroundings. People who smiled at, made eye contact with, and briefly spoke with their Starbucks reported a greater sense of belonging than those who rushed through the business. Similarly, one not yet published paper found that when volunteers broke the silence of the Tate Modern to chat with gallery goers, the visitors felt happier and more connected to the exhibit than those who were not approached.\nSo go ahead, pry. Chitchat needn't be idle. And nosiness isn't all bad.", "id": "high14921.txt"}