{"answers": ["D", "B"], "options": [["a perfect grade is worth losing sleep", "the whole college and career industries are perfect", "some schools ask students to invent some medicine", "someone is profiting from our search for perfection"], ["How to be perfect", "Being enough is enough", "Finding your own passions", "Giving up your secondary goals"]], "questions": ["We can infer from the passage that   _  .", "What might be the best title of the passage?"], "article": "We have a strange obsession with the concept of perfection. Driven by our culture, we struggle for an unattainable ideal. If I had the perfect parents, perfect grades, perfect ..., then I would be happy. We seek what we can't have without remembering that we don't actually need to be perfect. Imperfection allows us to be humankind.\nParents, teachers and other high-achieving peers will have us believe that we must be perfect if we wish to remain competitive. However, what job or school requires you to develop a cure for some of cancer by the age of 18? Although those grades will be admirable achievements, are they worth losing sleep? We feel that we need the perfect grades to get into the perfect college that will provide us with the education necessary for getting the perfect job. Making use of our thirst for perfection, the whole college and career industries have grown up making money by helping us reach our goals.\nIn fact, you need to focus more on your passions. Don't worry about anything secondary to your passions. You won't become an expert in anything if you spend your time trying to succeed in everything you do. You'll only become an expert when you devote your time to that one project that truly brings you joy.\nAs members of this society, we have a responsibility to be excellent in what we do, not perfect. Although perfection can be a goal, it should not be the only goal. We only have 24 hours in a day and seven days in a week. Thus, we need to prioritize what we what to do and cut out the activities we cannot do.\nWith everything, though, make sure you are doing enough. Pursuing your passions is not an enough reason to completely give up on everything else. Try as hard as you can and let your future worry about itself. Worry about your task at hand and you will be successful in achieving your dreams. Most of all, remember that you are going to be okay.", "id": "high14924.txt"}