{"answers": ["A", "D", "D"], "options": [["He was upset.", "He was happy.", "He was thankful.", "He was moved."], ["Taste and smell.", "Sight and smell.", "Smell, hearing and taste.", "Sight, hearing and taste."], ["Appreciate every snowstorm you spend with your family.", "Snow brings both fun and trouble.", "Memories can change our opinion.", "We should stay young at heart."]], "questions": ["What was the author's first reaction when he knew it snowed heavily?", "From which senses did the author describe the joy of having snow?", "What does the author mainly want to tell us with this article?"], "article": "An early morning winter storm had brought several inches of snow on my small town in the mountains. Schools were canceled, roads were dangerous and all I wanted to do was to stay in bed. Still, I knew I had to get the day started so I put on warm clothes and walked outside. The snow got all over my shoes. The cold wind dried my lips and my eyes. _ \nYet, when I looked out on the white blanket that covered the ground, I couldn't help but smile a bit. It was so beautiful. It softened the bare trees and hid the dead grass. In the distance I could hear the sound of the snowplow  on the road, the barking of a happy dog and the laughter of children playing outside, enjoying their way off from school.\nThe sweet music of that laughter brought back a hundred memories of winters past. I remembered catching snowflakes   on my tongue, building snowmen, making snow angles, running down hills and always losing snowball fights with first my brothers and then my own children. Standing there in that warm coat of memories made the wind a little less cold and my back a little less sore . I turned up my head, stuck out my tongue and for the first time in years caught a snowflake on it. It tasted so fresh and clean. It tasted like youth, like joy and like love.\nMay you always feel young in spirit, no matter how old or achy your body may be. May you always delight in the simple joys of life. May you always share your happiness with the hearts of children. And may you always give your love, your light, your laughter and your warmth to others even on the coldest days.", "id": "high14954.txt"}