{"answers": ["C", "B"], "options": [["story-sharing highlights the importance of hard work", "people are used to exposing their weaknesses", "people sometimes have no courage to share their stories", "some stories make people feel sad"], ["be open to people close to you by sharing some secrets", "share stories appropriately for the good of others and ourselves", "remove the dangers that can be caused by untold stories", "realize the importance of being honest when making friends"]], "questions": ["One of the reasons why people are unwilling to share experiences is that   _  .", "The writer aims to convince us to   _  ."], "article": "The stories we share with one another are important. They show wisdom and provide inspiration. They are important to our development. But sometimes people choose not to tell.\nConsider the negative effects of not sharing a story in the news: People are wondering if public health officials are holding back too much information about the recent outbreak of Ebola.\nThere is a danger in holding back stories that ought to be told. Bobette Buster said it was like this, \"The fact is, history has shown us that stories not told can become like a dangerous genie   left in a bottle. When they are finally _ , their power to destroy is set free.\"\nThere are a number of reasons why we hide parts of our story: they often show our weaknesses or expose our disadvantages; they require courage and strength to share; and of course, there are some stories that should be kept secret--especially those that embarrass someone else.\nMost of us have two selves: the one we display on the outside and the one we actually are on the inside. And the better we get at hiding the stories that show our true selves, the more damage we may be causing to ourselves and to others.\nHonesty and openness is important. It proves we are trustworthy. It displays we are human. We are not perfect or better. It highlights the importance of hard work and personal development. Hard work may not allow us to overcome our disadvantages completely. But with hard work, we do not have to be restricted to our mistakes.\nDoes this mean we admit every weakness, every disadvantage, and every secret regret to everybody we meet? No, of course not. There is a time and a place and a certain level of relationship necessary for some stories to be told in an appropriate manner.", "id": "high14959.txt"}