{"answers": ["B", "B", "B"], "options": [["In Cuban Television Station.", "Near Havana's Plaza of the Revolution.", "In Santa Ifigenia cemetery.", "Along the streets of Santiago de Cuba."], ["In 1956.", "In 1959.", "In 1991.", "In 2008."], ["Batista fled from Cuba.", "The U. S. cut all relations with Cuba.", "The U. S. viewed the Soviet Union as a threat.", "President John F. Kennedy approved an invasion of Cuba."]], "questions": ["Where did many Cubans line up to pay their final respects to Fidel Castro on Monday?", "When did Fidel Castro control the power of Cuba completely?", "What did the Cuban Missile Crisis result in directly?"], "article": "Cuba's former leader, Fidel Castro,died at the age of 90,according to a November 25 announcement on Cuban state television. The death marks the passing of a controversial figure who made a major impact on international affairs during his long rule.\nThe Cuban government declared nine days of official mourning. On Monday, thousands of Cubans lined up near Havana's Plaza of the Revolution to pay their final respects to their leader. On Wednesday,Castro's ashes will begin a three-day journey across Cuba to Santa Ifigenia cemetery in Santiago de Cuba.\nCastro was born into a middle-class family on August 13 1926. He spent his childhood alongside the laborers on his father's plantation  . In 1945, Castro entered the University of Havana as a law student. He later joined groups that sought to end dictatorships in Latin-American countries.\nOn July 26. 1953,Castro staged an unsuccessful revolt  against Batista's government. He and his brother Raul were captured and imprisoned for two years. After they were freed, the brothers went into exile in Mexico, On November 25, 1956,Castro set out once again to overthrow Batista. His revolution grew in strength. On New Year s Day 1959, Batista fled from Cuba. Castro took absolute power on January 8.\nThe U.S. viewed Castro's relationship with the Soviet Union as a threat. In 1961,President John F. Kennedy approved the invasion of Cuba by 1,500 Cuban exiles. They landed on April 17 at the Bay of Pigs, but with little U. S. military support. Cuban troops smashed the attack within a few days.\nIn October 1962,Castro confronted Kennedy during the Cuban Missile Crisis, during which he allowed the Soviet Union to place nuclear-capable missiles in Cuba. By that time, the U. S. had cut all relations with Cuba.\nAfter the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991,Cuba lost its economic support. To fuel the economy, the Cuban government allowed outside investment in hotels and resorts, but that created inequality. Meanwhile, Castro continued to crack down on any opposition. After undergoing intestinal surgery in 2006,Castro handed Cuba's presidency to Raul. The transition of power became official in 2008.", "id": "high14970.txt"}