{"answers": ["D", "A", "B", "B"], "options": [["Let children have their meals separately.", "Offer children plates from kids' menu.", "Order some food for children but in small amounts.", "Encourage children to eat with them."], ["Cooking ways.", "Sense of taste.", "Social skills.", "Interacting manners."], ["It is most often about coffee.", "It can get children to experience new foods with ease.", "It is unavailable in city centres and squares.", "It can reduce the pressure of meal times."], ["To introduce different Italian local foods.", "To stress the importance of food for Italians.", "To show Italians' children education.", "To advertise Italian food trends."]], "questions": ["What will parents do at meal times in Italy?", "What won't children develop if they experience food like an Italian?", "What do we know about the pre-dinner treat in Italy?", "What is the author's purpose in writing this passage?"], "article": "Food for Italians isn't a trend; it's a way of life. Italians live to eat, and the importance of food in family life is absolutely important and deep-rooted in everyday routines.\nIn Italy, kids are encouraged to be part of every social occasion that revolves around food -- it's not about dividing the children from the adults, giving them separate meals or putting them to bed early. In Britain, by contrast, my sister and I often see children eating separate meals from their parents.\nLetting children experience food like an Italian will develop not just their palate  but also their social skills, manners, teaching them new and mature ways to interact. Here are some food customs that are part of every Italian child's upbringing.\nOne of the most celebrated Italian food customs is the morning coffee. Coffee shops and bars have customers streaming in and out of them each morning as the Italians get their daily dose-and this habit is just as much about the social setting as it is about the coffee.\nWhile the morning is all about coffee, pre-lunch or dinner, it's all about the local snacks. Most often, Italian city centres and squares are jam packed with locals who come out with their kids to enjoy this pre-dinner treat, and children are encouraged to enjoy snacks available. This is a brilliant way to get kids to try new tastes without the pressures of meal times. It's important to note that \"kids' menus\" do not exist in Italian restaurants--children are treated like adults and are offered plates from the main menu -- in smaller amounts, if they're young.\nPost-lunch, most cities can seem quite deserted. But by 4 p.m. onwards, the crowds start to re-emerge. One by one, families spill out and the streets liven up. Everyone begins their afternoon stroll, enjoying the afternoon snacks, like ice-cream, which turns over a huge trade in Italy.", "id": "high14978.txt"}