{"answers": ["D", "A", "D"], "options": [["She was given less care in the hospital.", "Patients were only given physical care in the hospital.", "She didn't get treatment immediately in the hospital.", "Other patients in the hospital didn't get the same kindness as her."], ["She is an attractive lady.", "She shows great pity to old patients.", "She doesn't like free drinks or gifts.", "She was treated unequally in the hospital."], ["The hospital should treat attractive patients in preference to others.", "The positive behavior that being attractive brings can last long.", "Old patients should get much more care from the hospital.", "Being attractive means nothing to the people truly important to you."]], "questions": ["What caused the author into deep thought?", "What can we know about the author?", "Which of the following does the author agree with?"], "article": "Two years ago I fell off the steps of a bus while climbing down and twisted my ankle. What followed was the usual way that is common in the US. A few hours later I was treated and discharged. What was uncommon was that I received extra care while going to ER(emergency room) and while I was in the hospital.\nPeople were kind to me, men and women alike. They wheeled me into a private room instead of making me wait in the crowded waiting room. Someone came and asked me if the temperature is OK. When I said I was cold, he brought me a blanket and some magazines, in case I got bored. The nurses stopped by, making pleasant chats with me. People always came to ask me if I was in too much pain and if I needed anything...\nThere were other people who were brought in while I was waiting. Patients groaning in pain were given the care they needed and then ignored. My injury was not the priority, so while I was not pushed to the front of the line, my several hours' stay in the hospital was made as pleasant as possible. Why would people do that? They gave others care, while I got kindness.\nLike any other good looking, healthy, independent person, man or woman,it looks as if the world isnicer to rich people, and the world is nicer to attractive people. I'm not in the dating world. It's not about free drinks and gifts. It's about people being nice.\nI'm grateful for any positive behavior because I know this is temporary. Eventually I will join the groups of the elderly, the weak and the seemingly unattractive. One thing I refuse to do is to make excuses for being attractive. I know it's temporary. I know it's the luck of the draw and I know that I'm just one of the many. Does it matter to my husband, my mother and my kids what I look like? No. And I wouldn't have it any other way.", "id": "high14973.txt"}