{"answers": ["B", "D", "C"], "options": [["Yotel New York and Marriott Detroit Airport.", "Marriott Detroit Airport and Radisson: LaCrosse.", "Marriott Detroit Airport. and Hyatt Regency Minneapolis.", "Hyatt Regency Minneapolis and Radisson: LaCrosse."], ["Yotel New York.", "Marriott Detroit Airport.", "Radisson: LaCrosse.", "Hyatt Regency Minneapolis."], ["At Yotel New York, a robot will help you with all the check-in process.", "With its check-in app, you may enter your room in Marriott without a key.", "The barcode you receive from Radisson contributes to the fast check-in.", "Hyatt Regency Minneapolis is close to an airport terminal."]], "questions": ["Which two hotels offer a mobile app for customers to check in?", "Which hotel will send you a receipt by email?", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?"], "article": "For the business traveler who is all about efficiency: Check out these hotels that will get you in and out with a minimum of trouble. When you are pressed for time on a business trip, nothing can _ you more than a slow hotel check-in process. On your next trip, try these hotels that offer a speedier check-in process.\n1. Yotel New York\nThe self-service kiosks at this high-tech New York hotel work just like the ones you'd see at an airport. There are just five-steps to register and obtain your card key. There is even a robotic luggage bellboy. You tap in the number of bags you are carrying and sizes, then wait for a robot arm to swing down and store your luggage in a locker (say, for a day trip). This also speeds up the check-in process if the first thing you need to do, like me, is head to a series of meetings.\n2. Marriott Detroit Airport\nAnother option for business travelers in a hurry: Marriott is rolling out its mobile check-in app to 325 hotels this year, including the Marriott Detroit Airport hotel. (I've tested the app itself but not for a real visit quite yet.) Here is the basic idea: you download the iphone or Android app. The night before, you can \"check-in\" virtually. When you arrive, you get an alert that the room is ready and your key, which is already tied to your reservation, is waiting for you at the desk.\n3. Hyatt Regency Minneapolis\nI happened to stay at this hotel recently and liked how fast the kiosk check-in works. Like the Yotel, the kiosk asks you to insert your credit card, similar to an airport terminal. The whole process took about three minutes, when I left, I was equally impressed with the fast check-out. An agent meets you in the lobby with an ipad and asks for an email to use for a receipt. The big advantage: you never have to wait in line.\n4. Radisson: LaCrosse\nThe Radisson is trying to make the kiosk process even faster, at a few select hotels like the Radisson Lacrosse in Wisconsin, you use a mobile app to register and then receive a barcode by email or text. When you get the kiosk, you scan the barcode to get your key without any other steps required. It's super fast. You can find this new check-in system at the Radisson hotels in Salt Lake City, Seattle, and Phoenix as well.", "id": "high14972.txt"}