{"answers": ["C", "B", "A"], "options": [["Children will not achieve academic and career success with few chores.", "It makes little difference when children begin chores.", "Chores should be given to children at an early age.", "Young adults beginning chores as teens are more likely to be responsible."], ["Responding to others' needs.", "Achieving high achievements.", "Practising kindness and giving help.", "Building strong relationships"], ["Children need regular chores", "Children need to be independent", "Household chores build up relationships", "Chores bring children responsibility"]], "questions": ["What can we conclude from Rossmann's longitudinal study?", "What do students value more according to Weissbourd's survey?", "What can be the best title for the text?"], "article": "Today's demands for measuring childhood success have chased household chores from the to-do lists of many young people. In a survey of 1,001 US adults released by Braun Research, 82% reported having regular chores growing up, but only 28% said that they require their own children to do them. \"Parents today want their kids spending time on things that can bring them success, but ironically, we've stopped doing one thing that's actually been a proven predictor of success--and that's household chores.\" says Richard Rende, a developmental psychologist.\nGiving children household chores at an early age helps to build a lasting sense of mastery, responsibility and independence, according to research by Marty Rossmann, professor at the University of Minnesota. In 2002, Dr. Rossmann analyzed data from a longitudinal  study that followed 84 children across four periods. She found that young adults who began chores at ages 3 and 4 were more likely to have good relationships with family and friends and to achieve academic and early career success, as compared with those who didn't have chores or who started them as teens.\nChores also teach children how to be empathetic  and responsive to others' needs, notes psychologist Richard Weissbourd. In research, his team surveyed 10,000 high-school students and asked them to rank what they treasured more: achievement, happiness or caring for others. Almost 80% chose either achievement or happiness over caring for others. As he points out, however, research suggests that personal happiness comes most reliably not from high achievement but from strong relationships. \"We're out of balance,\" says Dr. Weissbourd. A good way to start re-adjusting priorities , he suggests, is by learning to be kind and helpful at home.\nThe next time that your child asks to skip chores to do homework, resist the urge to let him or her off the hook. Being slack  about chores when they compete with school sends your child the message that grades and achievement are more important than caring about others. What may seem like small messages in the moment but add up to big ones over time.", "id": "high14980.txt"}