{"answers": ["B", "A", "B"], "options": [["Japanese robot researchers.", "Senior high school students worldwide.", "The RSJ professors.", "Robot lovers of all ages."], ["On the afternoon of December 4.", "On the morning of December 5.", "On the morning of December 4.", "On the afternoon of December 5."], ["A research paper.", "An announcement.", "An exhibition guide.", "The robotics introduction."]], "questions": ["Who is the Conference intended for?", "When can the participants study the real robots?", "What type of writing is this text?"], "article": "International Robotics Forum  \nTokyo Big Sight,Tokyo, Japan, December 4-5\nThe Robotics Society of Japan (RSJ), to provide opportunities for young robot lovers to learn more about industrial and service robots, is going to hold the International Robotics Forum that will cooperate with this year's International Robot Exhibition.\nThe lectures and explanations throughout the Conference will be given in Japanese but will be interpreted into English at the same time. The Conference will offer a great opportunity for senior high school students from all around the world to communicate with each other through robots. Therefore, we look forward to your active participation.\nThe event will take place two days. On the morning of Day One, Prof. Shinichi Yuta of the Shibaura Institute of Technology will give a lecture on basic mobile robotics and learning through robots. This will be followed by a talk by Mr. Kazuhiko Yokoyama of Yasukawa Electric Corporation who will explain the mechanism and control of robots and also point out the highlights of the International Robot Exhibition.\nWe will prepare a challenge for all the participants. We will send you themes for robot research. You will study them in advance, and on the afternoon of Day One, you will visit the Tokyo International Exhibition Center and investigate real robot. You will be able to experience fun and excitement of advanced robot technologies. On the morning of Day Two, you will present your study and investigation results.\nOn the afternoon of Day Two, as the final event, awards will be given by the RSJ to groups that have given outstanding presentations.\nWe hope that many future robot researchers and engineers will be born today.", "id": "high14982.txt"}