{"answers": ["D", "C", "A"], "options": [["Because humans are cleverer than the computer.", "Because humans practice playing the poker game every day.", "Because the computer can't learn the regular rules of the poker game.", "Because the computer can't know the other players' cards completely."], ["It solves problems correctly every time.", "It is the same as the learning of humans.", "It learns from the mistakes appearing in a task.", "It is more developed than the studying ways of humans."], ["The new procedure of AI has some features of humans.", "Computers are stronger than humans in every aspect.", "Humans will beat computers at playing poker forever.", "Scientists feel unhappy about the result of the poker game."]], "questions": ["Why can't the computer beat humans at the poker game?", "What do we know about the reinforcement learning of AI?", "What can be inferred from the text?"], "article": "Computers have beaten human world champions at chess and, earlier this year, the board game Go. So far, though, they have struggled at the card table. So we challenged one AI to a game.\nWhy is poker  so difficult? Chess and Go are \"information complete\" games where all players can see all the relevant information. In poker, other players' cards are hidden, making it an \"information incomplete\" game. Players have to guess opponents' hands from their actions--tricky for computers. Poker has become a new benchmark for AI research. Solving poker could lead to many breakthroughs, from cyber security to driverless cars.\nScientists believe it is only a matter of time before AI once again _ humans, hence our human-machine match comes up in a game of Texas Hold's Em Limit Poker. The AI was developed by Johannes Heinrich, researcher studying machine learning at UCL. It combines two techniques: neural  networks and reinforcement learning .\nNeural networks, to some degree, copy the structure of human brains: their processors are highly interconnected and work at the same time to solve problems. They are good at spotting patterns in huge amounts of data. Reinforcement learning is when a machine, given a task, carries it out, learning from mistakes it makes. In this case, it means playing poker against itself billions of times to get better.\nMr Heinrich told Sky News: \"Today we are presenting a new procedure that has learned in a different way, more similar to how humans learn. In particular, it is able to learn abstract patterns, represented by its neural network, which allow it to deal with new and unseen situations.\"\nAfter two hours of quite defensive play, from the computer at least, we called it a draw.", "id": "high14987.txt"}