{"answers": ["D", "A", "C"], "options": [["received her Bachelor's Degree in Johns Hopkins School", "spent all her time in the laboratory developing cures for illnesses", "cared a lot about other's private lives", "always tried her best to help prevent students from dropping out of college"], ["she was an honorable, hardworking and happy person", "she was a very dedicated woman doctor with many honors", "she was a caring lady who helped many students finish college", "she was the first woman President of APS"], ["An Honorable Woman", "A Woman Accomplishing Great Things", "My Hero--Hattie Elizabeth Alexander", "The First Woman President of the APS"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, Hattie Elizabeth Alexander   _  .", "Hattie is considered to be a hero by the author in that   _  .", "Which of the following would be the most proper title for the text?"], "article": "Whenever the word \"hero\" comes to me, I immediately think of three Hs: honorable, hardworking, and happy. When I think more about this word, I picture someone who has accomplished good things for people and tries to do the right thing Hattie Elizabeth Alexander is one person whom I find to be very heroic.\nHattie was born in Baltimore, Maryland on April 5, 1901. During her time at College she earned her Bachelor's Degree in Bacteriology and Physiology. These were just the first steps towards what she was finally going to be remembered for. After college Hattie attended Johns Hopkins School of Medicine and received her medical degree.\nAfter her education, she pursued her career, and after much time and hard work, she _ reduced the number of infants  dying from meningitis . Hattie was very dedicated to her work and helped at as many locations as she could. Spending substantial  time in the laboratory, Hattie successfully developed a cure against the disease, which decreased the death rate to 20 percent. At the same time, she was also a teacher working with Columbia University.\nShe was a caring lady interested in other people's lives. When she was teaching at Columbia University, other members would talk to her about students that were failing their classes, and somehow Hattie could always find convincing reasons as to why they should not be driven away. Later, Hattie became an instructor in Pediatrics at New York City's Babies Hospital. After many honors, she became the first woman president of the American Pediatric Society in 1965. This was her last major achievement, for soon after, Hattie died of cancer on June 24, 1968.\nHattie is my hero because her positive attitude and strength helped her accomplish great things for others. She gave them her strength by developing medicines against diseased, which, by doing so, made them stronger. This is what makes Hattie Elizabeth Alexander my hero.", "id": "high15006.txt"}