{"answers": ["C", "B", "C"], "options": [["Computer Systems Manager for Corporation of America", "Systems Support Specialist for World Destiny", "Systems Administrator for Newport Museum", "MicroComputer Assistant for Novell"], ["training new workers", "maintaining a database", "organizing sales meetings", "developing company policies"], ["stressing her personality strengths", "promising her value to the company", "listing relevant experiences and skills", "expressing a strong interest in the company"]], "questions": ["Beth Henning's work experience include   _  .", "While working with Cushman & Wakefield of California, Beth's work involved   _  .", "Beth Henning proves herself qualified for the position mainly by   _  ."], "article": "Dear Mr. Smith,\nI am seeking an opportunity to work with World Destiny as a Computer Systems Manager. My professional experience and my awareness of your high reputation and great achievements have led me to want to work for World Destiny.\nSince 1998 I have focused on computer-system design and training. As Systems Administrator for Newport Museum for the past two years, I have directed accounting, capital campaign and publication production. We designed the system from scratch, developing all applications, policies, procedures, and training programs. I was well prepared for such a challenge by my previous positions as a Systems Support Specialist and MicroComputer Assistant for the Imperial Corporation of America.\nOver the years, I have worked with Novell, using programs including dBase, Wordstar and Microsoft Word. This familiarity with a variety of hardware and software has helped me to get up to speed on nearly any computer with a minimum training period.\nAdditional experience in other fields also adds my value to World Destiny. As a Market Research Coordinator for Cushman & Wakefield of California, I not only researched and maintained  a comprehensive database of Silicon Valley, but also produced statistical and written reports that support Cushman & Wakefield's reputation. Previously, I organized companywide annual sales meetings for Qualogy, Inc.\nMr. Smith, while this experience more than qualifies me to join any number of successful companies, it is my personal goals that lead to my interest in being part of the World Destiny team. I believe my computer, promotional, and organizational skills, fueled by my beliefs, make World Destiny and me right for each other. Can we arrange an interview at your earliest convenience? I will call within the next week to arrange a meeting.\nSincerely, Beth Henning", "id": "high15015.txt"}