{"answers": ["A", "D", "C"], "options": [["a man' s house", "a schoolhouse", "a restroom", "an apple barn"], ["Inspiring.", "Refreshing.", "Fashionable.", "Challenging."], ["The Good Old Days in the Schoolhouse", "A Mysterious Building with a Long History", "A Historic One-room Schoolhouse", "A Teacher Devoted to Restoring Old Buildings"]], "questions": ["The Englewood School was originally built as   _  .", "Which word can best describe the school's being relocated?", "Which can serve as the best title of the passage?"], "article": "Given the tradition of students bringing apples to their teachers, it somehow seems fitting that an old apple barn  will find a new life as a one-room schoolhouse. And it is just as fitting that a retired schoolteacher will become the caretaker of that historic treasure.\nMy friend Velma, a teacher for more than 30 years, has been retired for some time now, but that doesn't stop her giving history lessons at the old Englewood School, located on her family's California farm. The lovingly restored building was constructed around 1850 as a home for a woodsman and later was used as apple barn. Then, in 1870 it began a new life as a schoolhouse.\nOriginally located in the nearby Englewood meadow, it was now moved its current site in 1978 by Velma's late husband and his brother, Robert and Richard, who thought it would help keep Velma busy in retirement. No nails had been used in the original construction, so each piece of wood had to be carefully marked and the building was reassembled on its new site. The brothers worked with much care and hard work to ensure a perfect fit of mitered corners.\nAfter the relocation, Velma and her family furnished the school with some of its original desks. They also added a collection of schoolbooks, the oldest dating back to 1845. Perhaps the school's most cherished souvenir is the diploma of student Hettie Essig, who graduated on June 30, 1904. Hettie's daughter, Flora, presented Velma with _ .\nNowadays Velma gives tours to local schoolchildren and other groups, who learn what it was like to attend school back in the good old days. She has kids ring the school bell, recite the Pledge of Allegiance and sing \"Good Morning to You\" as they might have done in days gone by. Then, with twinkling eyes and much enthusiasm, she tells the history of the school, and gives a short sample lesson.", "id": "high15025.txt"}