{"answers": ["A", "C"], "options": [["show how people can be geniuses.", "show becoming a genius is easy.", "show geniuses are common.", "show people know how to explain geniuses."], ["a report", "a novel", "a TV program", "a newspaper"]], "questions": ["The writer provides different examples to   _  .", "The passage may come from  _  ."], "article": "Geniuses amaze us,impress us and make us all a little jealous. How do they differ from the average person?Scientists are working hard to figure out that answer. Tune in to the National Geographic Channel to find out about the discoveries they're making in the series My Brilliant Brain.\nWhen Marc Yu was only two years old,he began to play the piano. After a year, he started learning pieces by Beethoven. Now he's a world-famous concert pianist at age eight. He learns newer and more difficult pieces with ease and can identify any note he hears. He seems to be specially designed for music. In Born Genius, National Geographic looks at the science behind child prodigies   to explain why some children seem to be born without limits.\n _ His came only after he nearly died from bleeding in his brain. After recovering, McHugh's head was filled with new thoughts and picture. So, he began to express them in the form of poetry and art. Now, he's a seemingly unstoppable creative machine. Suffers of brain injury have shown that great mental ability can sometimes come from damage or disease. Accidental Genius explores this puzzling relationship.\nCan normal people be trained to be geniuses? Susan Polger has shown no sign of extraordinary intelligence. Yet, during her childhood, she studied thousands of chess patterns and learned to recognize them immediately. As a result, she was able to beat skilled adult players by age 10 and can now play up to five games at the same time without even seeing the boards. Make Me a Genius examines what is takes to turn an ordinary brain into that of a genius.\nIf becoming a genius were easy, we'd all be done. Yet, there is much more to super intelligence than simply being born lucky. Learn more about amazing brains this month on National Geographic's My Brilliant Brain.", "id": "high15068.txt"}