{"answers": ["A", "D", "A", "B"], "options": [["Body Language", "How to Communicate with the People around You", "The History of Body Language", "Gestures And Languages"], ["hand shaking suggests that the speaker is excited", "head plays a less important part in body language", "actors and actresses are good at gestures", "people began to use body language long long ago"], ["Soundless and wordless.", "Difficult to understand.", "Powerful and vigorous.", "Effective and normal"], ["clasp their hands to announce their victory", "clasp their hands to express their excited feeling", "have a picture taken as soon as possible", "show a sign of thankfulness"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is the proper title for this passage?", "After reading the passage we can conclude that   _  .", "What's the characteristic of body language?", "When sports men win a match, they probably   _  ."], "article": "Can you communicate with others when you live in a foreign country with no or little knowledge of its language? Of course, it is possible. You can communicate your moods and intentions to one another without words, because all human beings share a lot of common visual signals. These signals are as effective as words during communication.\nThe gestures of the head play a key role in body language. The movements of eyes and eyebrows are as important as head movements in body language.\nBesides the gestures of the head or the movements of the eyes and eyebrows, the action of arms, hands and legs is also a large part of body language. Extending one's arm and shaking hands with others is a greeting in both formal and informal cases. This part of body language might date back to primary tribes .\nLike handshaking, there are still many other forms of body language presented by hands. Raising one's hand and making a circle with his thumb and for finger signals, that something is OK. Clasped hands raised above the head, a traditional picture accepted by sportsmen after winning a fight, is a display of triumph that grows out of a kind of feeling following a victory. Waving one's hands, a speaker can make his words more powerful and vigorous .\nBesides hand gestures, there are times when a person says something with his legs as well as with his head and eyes. The leg gestures often reflect one's attitude towards something or someone that person is with.\nAccording to the above facts, body language has offered a more reliable way to understand one's mind by means of gestures. Though it is soundless and wordless, once you understand it, you will feel the world is bigger than you realized.", "id": "high15065.txt"}