{"answers": ["C", "D", "D"], "options": [["Businessmen like to be suggested what to eat.", "Many couples often want you to recognize them.", "Why people like to eat in the hotel is that it is full of a friendly atmosphere.", "If you know a lot about people,you'll be a good veterinary surgeon."], ["waitresses in the Holiday Inn are all students.", "waitresses are required to buy a good pair of shoes before they go to work.", "waitresses should be familiar with the food there.", "it is more important for the waitresses to know much about people than food."], ["How to Deal with People", "A Special Holiday Inn Hotel in Manhattan", "American Holiday Inn", "Ellen Logan at the Holiday Inn"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, which of the following statements is true?", "From the passage we can infer that_.", "Choose the best title for the passage."], "article": "For a small town, Mantattan, Kansas has some big surprises. And one of them is the Holiday Inn Hotel, with rooms built around a swimming pool and a friendly atmosphere.\nThe Holiday Inn is where Manhattan people often go for a special party, or a night out. A lot of them choose to eat in the bright-lit restaurant near the pool, And many of them will be served by Ellen Logan, who has worked as a waitress here for more than two years.\nEllen, like most of the waitresses, is also a student. She comes from Nebraska, but she's planning one day to be a veterinary surgeon, and to care for small animals. But in order to support herself at college, she works twenty hours a week at the Holiday Inn.\nEllen soon learned what every waitress finds out. Your best friend has a good pair of shoes. She paid forty-five dollars for hers, much more than she would usually spend. She's discovered something else too. You don't have to know much about food to be a good waitress, but you do have to know a lot about people.\n\"A lot of business people always stay here when they come to Manhattan\", she explains. \"They like you to recognize them and remember their favorite dishes. But some couples come for a night out together. They just want to be left alone. Then there are people who can't make up their minds. They look down the menu and say,'What do you suggest?'So I ask them how hungry they are. If they say,'Not very.'I suggest the salad bar, with soup, salad, bread, and a fruit plate. But if they say they're very hungry, I suggest a Kansas Strip Steak, with potatoes or rice. You get salad and bread as well. It's very nice. Real good value\".\nEllen may get tired sometimes, but at least she's learning too much about people. She's learning too much about people. She'll probably make a good animal doctor, but if she finds she doesn't like it after all, she can become a psychiatrist instead.", "id": "high15092.txt"}