{"answers": ["A", "C"], "options": [["children can deal with money", "children learn to care for others", "children make a date with friends of the other sex", "children like to make up"], ["adds to the family's burden", "wastes the learning time", "helps to develop the children's character", "builds up the children's bodies"]], "questions": ["One of the important indications that children are grown up is that   _  .", "The author thinks that fundraising   _  ."], "article": "It is time for students to sell such things as chocolate bars and greeting cards to raise money for their school, class or club. It is _ that they will knock on your door and you will easily hand over your cash for overpriced items that you really do not want. That is okay, though, because there are many reasons why children should be allowed to raise money for their schools and clubs.\nFundraising  is a great way to help children learn social skills. It is not easy to go up to a complete stranger and ask him for his money. They have to nicely ask for help, show the interested buyer what they have to offer and explain how it will help them in school. If someone refuses to buy an item, that child has to take the failure in stride , and that is a learning lesson as well.\nStudents can learn how to deal with money by fundraising. Of course, it might seem safer for us to take charge of our children's earnings from their fundraising before it is turned into the school. However, by making them keep track of it, count it, and make sure everyone pays the right amount, they are learning an important lesson. Dealing with money is important to know about when they are older.\nFundraising helps improve their schools. It is the children's school. They have to learn there and grow there. Why not let them help in making it a better place?\nFundraising allows for more life experiences for the child. The raised money is used towards things like parties, trips, or for the music club to go to see a Broadway play. The children receive the rewards for their hard work at raising the money. Without fundraising, these field trips and special school memories would be missed.\nIn a word, fundraising helps children a lot in many ways.", "id": "high15101.txt"}