{"answers": ["D", "B", "C"], "options": [["Tiny", "Round", "Exotic", "Environmentally-friendly"], ["China Pavilion will be pulled down after the World Expo 2010 is over", "China Pavilion will probably continue to be open to visitors after the Expo is over", "you can continue to visit the other pavilions after the Expo is over", "some foreign friends took part in the designs of the China Pavilion"], ["enjoy a film about the changes of cities in China", "learn what Shanghai looked like in the 1920s", "find out how paper was invented", "see how Chinese cities will look like in the future"]], "questions": ["Which of the following words can be used to describe the China Pavilion?", "From the passage, we can infer that   _  .", "On the second floor, you can   _  ."], "article": "World Expo 2010 Shanghai China is to be staged in Shanghai from May1 to October 31, 2010. If you plan to visit the Shanghai Expo this summer, China Pavilion is a must-see area for you.\nChina Pavilion, which is called Oriental Crown , is located at the center of the Expo site. Standing 63 meters tall, the China Pavilion takes the shape of an emperor's crown, with the upper layers larger than the lower ones. Covering 160,000 square meters in floor space, the pavilion consists of a national hall and a regional hall. Construction on the China Pavilion began on December 18, 2007. The design of the China Pavilion was picked from a total of 344 designs put forward by Chinese from around the world. The pavilion possesses both traditional and modern features, which helps develop the theme of the 2010 Expo: \" Better City, Better Life\". For example, it is red in appearance, which contains the elements of traditional Chinese culture, and it is green indoors, with the use of energy-saving techniques. The Shanghai World Expo is expected to attract 70 million visitors from across the globe. It is estimated that 400,000 people will visit the Expo and its 140 pavilions every day during the period, but the China Pavilion is only able to receive about one tenth of the total. How to accommodate so many people in the pavilion remains a tough task. Luckily, the China Pavilion is built as a permanent landmark.\nDuring the Expo, the main structure will be used for an exhibition based on the theme of \" Chinese wisdom in urban development\" by explaining the values of harmony, nature and spirit. The three-story pavilion has three sections. The top floor's \"Footprint of the East\" will show some of the changes in Chinese cities. There, you can see a film which shows how Chinese cities have changed, especially in the past 30 years. According to Lu Chuan, director of the film, the scenery is like something from Lord of the Rings. On the second floor, \"Journey of Wisdom\" will explain China's four great inventions. And the ground's \"Blossoming City\" will display scenes from cities of the future.", "id": "high15100.txt"}