{"answers": ["A", "C", "D", "B"], "options": [["4.", "5.", "6.", "7."], ["Marrakech.", "Fes.", "Casablanca.", "Asilah."], ["If you want to enjoy music and paintings, you can visit Asilah at any time.", "Casablanca is as romantic as what is shown in the movie.", "Fes is the capital of Morocco.", "Marrakech is the symbol of Morocco."], ["in a geography book", "in a magazine", "in a history book", "in an atlas"]], "questions": ["How many cities in Morocco are introduced in the passage?", "If you want to live conveniently while you are on vacation, which city in Morocco could you choose?", "Which of the following is true according to the passage?", "The passage most probably appears  _  ."], "article": "Morocco is located at the northwest of Africa and is bordered in the north by the strait of Gibraltar and the Mediterranean Sea. The Atlantic Ocean keeps the west and the north of the country more temperate . The country also offers the broadest plains some of which run along the Atlantic Ocean and the highest mountains in North Africa including the Atlas Mountains.\nStarting with the symbol of Morocco, Marrakech is a beautiful city that has remained unspoiled by the volume of tourists that flock there each year. One of the finest monuments in Morocco is greatly benefited by this amount of tourism. Actually their high volume contributes in a positive way to preserve one of the greatest monuments of Morocco.\nFes is the third largest city in Morocco and is the capital of the Fes-Boulemane Region. It is separated into three parts, Fes el Bali more commonly known as the old walled city, now classified as a UNESCO World Heritage Site, Fes-Jdid and the Ville Nouvelle. Fes el Bali is believed to be the largest car-free urban area in the world. Fes is a splendid place to visit to heighten the senses with the colours, smells and sounds.\nCasablanca is an enormous city which is near the capital of Morocco and a place where any European would feel at home. Casablanca was made famous by the movie and gives the impression of being a romantic place. Unfortunately like many other popular cities around the world, it is crowded, noisy, and polluted, a far cry from the romantic ideal of the film. Because it has the biggest port, Casablanca being the important city of Morocco, has everything that the tourists need.\nAsilah is a city situated on the Atlantic Ocean and is one of the most stunning  old cities of Morocco. The city is set along the cliffs which make it beautifully presented and an ideal place to continue adding to its economy by the fishermen. The economy is also reliant on the trading of cattle, sheep and cereal. If you are having a holiday in Morocco during August then you will be fortunate enough to experience one of Asilah's cultural festivals where you can enjoy the lively music and wonderful paintings.", "id": "high1511.txt"}