{"answers": ["C", "D", "B"], "options": [["Genetic limitation will be beneficial for some women", "A large number of genes will prevent us from developing", "Prohibition of cloning might limit the freedom of scientists", "First cloned humans might be normal according to scientists"], ["Cloning should be entirely banned", "Cloning should be used in creating life", "Cloning will take away the right to reproduce", "Cloning is acceptable if it is used for cloning organs"], ["In a story book.", "In a magazine.", "In a science fiction", "In a brochure"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is true according to the passage?", "What's the author's opinion on cloning?", "Where can you read this article?"], "article": "Recently there was a major discovery in the scientific research--the mapping of all DNA in a human gene is complete. Couple of years ago, this seems an impossible task for scientist to accomplish. All this progress in science leads us to believe that the day, when the human being will be cloned, is not far away. Human cloning has always been a topic of argument,in terms of morality or religion.\nTaking a look at why cloning might be beneficial, among many cases, it is arguable that parents who are known to be at risk of passing a genetic limitation to a child could make use of cloning. If the clone was free of genetic limitations. Then the other clone would be as well. The latter could foe inserted in the woman and allowed to ripen to term. Moreover,cloning would enable women, who can't get pregnant, to have children of their own.\nCloning humans would also mean that organs could be cloned, so it would be a source of perfect transfer organs. This, surely would be greatly beneficial to millions of unfortunate people around the world that are expected to lose their lives due to failure of single(or more) organ(s).It is also arguable that a ban on cloning may be unlawful and would rob people of the right to reproduce and limit the freedom of scientists.\nArguments against cloning are also on a perfectly practical side. Primarily, I believe that cloning would step in the normal \"cycle\"of life. There would be a large number of same genes., which reduce the chances of improvement,and, in turn, development-the fundamental reason how living things naturally adapt to the ever-changing environment. Life processes failing to do so might result in untimely disappearance. Furthermore, cloning would make the uniqueness that each one of us possesses disappea. Thus, leading to creation of genetically engineered groups of people for specific purposes and, chances are, that those individuals would be regarded as \"objects\" rather than people in the society.\nScientists haven't 100 percent. guaranteed that the first cloned will be normal. Thus this could result in introduction of additional limitations in the human \"gene-pool\".\nRegarding such arguable topics in \"black or white\" approach seems very innocent to me personally. We should rather try to look at all \"shades: of it. I believe that cloning is only legal if its purpose is for cloning organs, not humans. Then we could regard this as for \"saving life\" instead of \"creating life\". I believe cloning humans is morally and socially unacceptable.", "id": "high15139.txt"}