{"answers": ["C", "D", "B", "A"], "options": [["African children are very poor", "some children are unlucky", "education takes many ways", "schools are of great importance"], ["we have to learn from the people around us", "school is not important at all", "only the people caring for us can teach us", "education takes place everywhere"], ["school is not so important as our living places", "school enables us to understand the world in other ways", "school teaches us something useless at home", "school cannot prepare us for our daily lives"], ["everyone gets education from the day he or she is born", "different education trains different classes of people", "school is absolutely necessary if one wants to understand the world", "everyone will find out what he or she is good at"]], "questions": ["The writer takes the African boy as an example to show that   _  .", "In the eyes of the writer  _  .", "How the writer looks at the role of school is that  _  .", "The passage tells us that   _  ."], "article": "Imagine a boy from a small village in East Africa, He from a very early age has been looking after cattle. At twelve years old he knows more about cattle than most of you. However, he has never been to school. Has this boy ever had any education?\nEducation is discovering about ourselves and about the people and things around us. All the people who care about us -- our parents, brothers, sisters, friends -- are our teachers. In fact, we learn something from everyone we meet. We start learning on the day we are born, not on the first day\" we go to school. Every day we have new experiences, like finding a bird's nest, discovering a new street in our neighborhood, making friends with someone we didn't like before. New experiences are even more fun when we share them with other people.\nEncouragement from the people around us enables us to explore things as much as possible. As we grow up, we begin to find out what we are capable of doing. You may be good at cooking, or singing or playing football. You find this out by doing these things. Just thinking about cooking doesn't tell you if you are good at it.\nWe learn so much just living from day to day. So why is school important? Of course you can learn some things better at home than at school, like how to do the shopping, and how to help old or disabled people who can' t do everything for themselves. At school, teachers help us to read and write. With their guidance, we begin to see things in different ways.", "id": "high15133.txt"}