{"answers": ["B", "A", "D", "A", "C"], "options": [["Lift weights", "Climb a rope", "Cycle", "Have a balanced diet"], ["Schools do not pay enough attention to P. E..", "Schools welcome P. E. but do not have time for it.", "Schools put P.E. in the first place.", "Schools cut down other subjects' time for P. E.."], ["More teenagers are overweight.", "Traditional group sports teaching is not effective.", "Students need to learn some skills to help them lead a physically active life.", "Phys ed programs need less money to support."], ["Two", "Three", "Four", "One"], ["The Phys ed teaches group sports.", "The Phys ed provides more fitness programs.", "The Phys ed teaches tools and skills which could be used in the future life.", "The Phys ed has more support from the government."]], "questions": ["According to the passage, what is usually taught in the old gym class?", "What does Alicia Moag-Stahlberg mean by saying \"some school boards put P. E. on the chopping block\"?", "Which is NOT the reason to carry out phys ed programs according to the passage?", "How many problems are mentioned in the passage with simply teaching group sports?", "What's the difference between the come-back phys ed and the ordinary gym-class model?"], "article": "Phys ed (physical education) is making a comeback as a part of the school core curriculum ,but with a difference. While group sports are still part of the curriculum, the new way is to teach skills that are useful beyond gym class. Instead of learning how to climb a rope, children are taught to lift weights, balance their diets and build physical endurance . In this way,kids are given the tools and skills and experiences so they can lead a physically active life for the rest of their life.\nConsidering that 15 percent of American children aged 6 to 18 are overweight, supporters say more money and thought must be put into phys ed curriculum. In many cases, that may mean not just replacing the old gym-class model with fitness programs but also starting up phys ed programs because school boards often \"put P.E. on the chopping block  , cutting it entirely or decreasing its teachers or the days it is offered,\" says Alicia Moag-Stahlberg, the executive director of Action for Health Kids. The difference in phys ed programs is partly due to the lack of a national standard. \"Physical education needs to be part of the core curriculum,\" she added.\nThe wisdom of the new approach has some scientific support. Researchers at the University of Wisconsin have showed how effective the fit-for-life model of gym class can be. They observed how 50 overweight children lost more weight when they cycled and skied cross-country  than when they played sports. The researchers also found that teaching sports like football resulted in less overall movement, partly because some reluctant students were able to sit on the bench.\nAnother problem with simply teaching group sports in gym class is that only a small percentage of students continue playing them after graduating from high school. The new method teaches skills that translate to adulthood.", "id": "high15141.txt"}