{"answers": ["A", "C", "D"], "options": [["Make the best of a bad job.", "Rome was not built in a day.", "All is not gold that glitters.", "A good heart conquers ill fortune."], ["She became famous through her family background.", "She is a British talk show host.", "She became successful by her own effort.", "She was very lucky and seldom suffered setbacks in her life."], ["man can conquer nature", "luck is in your own hand", "bad luck can turn into good", "you should not sit at home waiting for the opportunity to come to you"]], "questions": ["Which of the following proverbs most agrees with the writer's point?", "What do you know about Oprah Winfrey?", "The writer quoted the Chinese tale of a farmer in order to show   _  ."], "article": "\"Luck is a matter of preparation meeting opportunity,\" said the American talk show host Oprah Winfrey. I've never watched her show, but when a self-made billionaire gives life advice it's probably worth listening to.\nHer point is that blind luck is very rare. You may have to be lucky to find a good job these days but that does not mean you should sit at home waiting for the opportunity to come to you. If you're a Chinese, you may already be familiar with the tale of a farmer waiting by a tree stump  for a rabbit to run out and break its neck.\nA book by the UK psychologist Richard Wiseman, called The Luck Factor, argues we can all make ourselves luckier. It's not about going to a temple to burn some incense  hopes that the gods will give you good fortune; it's practical advice you can follow each day.\nWiseman conducted an experiment as part of his studies. First he divided volunteers into two groups; those who said they were lucky in life and those who said they were not. He gave everyone a newspaper and asked them to look through it to count how many photographs it had inside. On average, the unlucky people took about two minutes to count the photographs while the lucky people took just seconds. Why? On the second page of the newspaper, a command, \"Stop counting. There are 43 photographs in this newspaper,\" was written in big letters. The unlucky people mostly did not spot the message.\nIt's easy to compare this situation to a young person looking for jobs in a local paper. They might search so hard for one type of position that they miss an even better opportunity. People who are \"lucky\", in fact, keep an open mind and don't go through the same routine every day.\nI first came to China in 2002 when it was considered a rather strange thing to do. Like many foreigners, my plan was to teach English for one year. Seven years later, and still here, I've had many great opportunities such as writing for newspapers and magazines. I did not dream these would have been possible. I've also never been sick, had an accident, got into a fight or had problems with the police. Coincidence? After reading about Professor Wiseman's studies I think not.\nAs Wiseman advises, I usually trust my own judgment. Your friends and parents may give you advice based on rational thinking, but it's important to consider how you feel about each choice you make. Your feeling acts as a warning for a potential problem.\nFinally, try to turn bad luck into good. Even if you do fall down and break a leg, the time spent at home can be used wisely to study English.", "id": "high15140.txt"}