{"answers": ["B", "A", "D", "C", "D"], "options": [["still judge a man by his clothes", "hold the uniform in such high regard", "enjoy having a professional identity", "will respect an elevator operator as much as a general in uniform"], ["suggests quality work", "discards his social identity", "appears to be more practical", "looks superior to a person in civilian clothes"], ["provide practical benefits to the wearer", "make the wearer catch the public eye", "inspire the wearer ' s confidence in himself", "provide the wearer with a professional identity"], ["are usually helpful", "have little or no individual freedom", "tend to lose their individuality", "enjoy greater popularity"], ["Uniforms and Society", "The Importance of Wearing a Uniform", "Practical Benefits of Wearing a Uniform", "Advantages and Disadvantages of Uniforms"]], "questions": ["It is surprising that Americans who worship variety and individuality  _  .", "People are accustomed to think that a man in uniform   _  .", "The chief function of a uniform is to   _  .", "According to the passage, people wearing uniforms   _  .", "The best title for this passage would be   _  ."], "article": "Americans are proud of their variety and individuality,yet they love and respect few things more than a uniform,whether it is the uniform of an elevator operator or the uniform of a fivestar general. Why are uniforms so popular in the United States?\nAmong the arguments for uniforms,one of the first is that in the eyes of most people they look more professional than civilian clothes. People have become conditioned to expect superior quality from a man who wears a uniform. The television repairman who wears a uniform tends to inspire more trust than one who appears in civilian clothes. Faith in the skill of a garage mechanic  is increased by a uniform. What easier way is there for a nurse,a policeman,a barber,or a waiter to lose professional identity than to step out of uniform?\nUniforms also have many practical benefits. They save on other clothes. They save on laundry bills. They are taxdeductible .They are often more comfortable and more durable than civilian clothes.\nPrimary  among the arguments against uniforms is their lack of variety and the consequent loss of individuality experienced by people who must wear them. Though there are many types of uniforms,the wearer of any particular type is generally stuck with it,without change,until retirement. When people look alike,they tend to think,speak,and act similarly,on the job at least.\nUniforms also give rise to some practical problems. Though they are longlasting,often their initial expense is greater than the cost of civilian clothes. Some uniforms are also expensive to maintain(,),requiring professional dry cleaning rather than the home laundering  possible with many types of civilian clothes.", "id": "high15142.txt"}