{"answers": ["A", "C", "D", "B", "D"], "options": [["a party to celebrate graduation", "a dancing competition", "a fashion show", "an election ceremony"], ["Renting a ballroom.", "Taking a cruise boat.", "Holding it in the school gym.", "Wearing informal dresses."], ["Music is played at the prom.", "They take pictures at the prom.", "The King and Queen dance with each other.", "They wear formal clothes or special clothes."], ["They don't want to get help from their parents.", "They will part with their friends in a short time.", "They don't like to be accompanied by their parents.", "They want to be elected by their friends as the Prom King or Queen."], ["They can be relieved from the study pressure.", "They are going to say goodbye to their friends.", "They have chances to be elected as the Prom King or Queen.", "The prom marks the graduation and after it they will be independent."]], "questions": ["The word \"prom\" is probably closest in meaning with  _  .", "Which of the following is an economical way to hold the prom?", "What clearly indicates that prom is very important to students?", "For what do the students just talk to friends at a prom?", "How is the prom significant to the students?"], "article": "Having put down your pens at the end of the college entrance exam, you have ended 12 years of hard study. Forget your studies for a while. It's time to enjoy yourselves!\nThere are many ways to celebrate this special month of graduation. You can have photos taken with your classmates and teachers, or dine out together and exchange gifts.\nHigh school students in Western countries such as the United States and Canada usually have a prom to mark their graduation. It's to mark the time kids turn into young men and women. After the prom, teenagers either go to college or find a job. It means they are no longer as dependent on their parents as they were before.\nAt the prom, boys usually dress in dinner jackets and bow ties, though many different types of formal clothes are worn. Traditionally, girls give boys matching boutonnieres ( ). Girls traditionally wear formal dresses, or dress to shock or be noticed, in shiny or brightly colored materials.\nCommon prom activities include dining, dancing, the crowning   of a prom king and queen, and just talking to friends.  In some cases, high school students collect funds for their class prom through the four years of their high school.\nHigh schools in or near large cities may rent ballrooms at expensive hotels or, to be unusual, in a pleasure cruise boat.\nBut often costs are cut by simply using the school gym. Students make a lot of effort to decorate the gym to make the event special. The music played at the prom will be the most popular kinds, like rock and hip-hop.\nThe students elect the Prom Queen. She is partnered with a Prom King who is elected similarly. These are great honors that the pair take very seriously. The two dance with each other to celebrate their election.", "id": "high15151.txt"}