{"answers": ["C", "B", "B", "A", "B"], "options": [["Driving Classes.", "Driving Learning.", "Driving Course.", "Driving Experience."], ["is considered as part of the advanced education", "is given to any student wanting to get a driver's license", "is carried on at the same time as other courses", "is offered to all the students of Grade 2 in high schools"], ["has a sign inside it", "has two sets of brakes", "is big enough to hold five persons", "can't run very fast"], ["They must be 16 years of age.", "They should go to have their driver's test.", "They must have their eyes examined.", "They ought to do well in their driver's course."], ["happily", "successfully", "colorfully", "quickly"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is the best title for this passage?", "In America, the driver's course mentioned above   _  .", "To prevent accidents, a drivers Ed car   _  .", "Which of the following does not agree with the requirements for the students wanting to get their driver's license?", "In the last sentence, \"with flying colors\" means   _  ."], "article": "In America, drivers' education is part of the regular high school curriculum. Every student in his or her second year of high school is required to take a class in driver's education. However, unlike other courses, it is not given during the regular school year. Instead it is a summer course.\nThe course is divided up into two parts: class time for learning laws and regulations and driving time to practice driving. Class time is not unlike any other class. The students have a text from which they study the basic laws they must know to pass the written driving test that is given to anyone wanting to get a driver's license.\nDriving time is a chance for the students to get behind the wheel (steering wheel) and practice starting steering, backing up, parking, switching lanes, turning corners, and all the other maneuvers   required to drive a car. Each student is required to drive a total of six hours. The students are divided up into groups of four. The students and the instructor go out driving for two hour blocks of time. Thus, each student gets half an hour driving time per outing. The instructor and \"driver\" sit in the front seats and the other three students sit in the back.\nDrivers Ed cars are unlike other cars in which they have two sets of brakes, one on the driver's side and one on the other side where the instructor sits. Thus, if the student driver should run into difficulties the instructor can take over. The car also has another special feature. On the top of the car is a sign that reads: STUDENT DRIVER. That lets nearby drivers know that they should use extra caution because the student driver is a beginning driver, not very experienced and prone to driving slowly.\nAfter the student has passed the driver's education course and reached the appropriate age to drive (this age differs in every state but in most cases the person must be 16 years old), they can go to a designated state office to take their driver's test, which is made up of an eye examination, a written test, and a road test. The person must pass all three tests in order to be given a driver's license. If the person did well in his or her driver's education class, he or she will pass the test with flying colors and get a driver's license.", "id": "high15176.txt"}