{"answers": ["A", "C"], "options": [["Providing them with mini carrots or blueberries.", "Keeping them with you when you're dining.", "Supplying them with larger meals or drinks.", "Leaving the food in a fixed place for your pets."], ["How to feed pets without a crash diet.", "The importance of pet weight loss.", "How to help pets lose weight.", "The problems that pets will meet."]], "questions": ["Which of the following methods is healthy for your pets?", ". What does the passage mainly tell us?"], "article": "Does your pet have a slim figure? According to the Association of Pet Obesity Prevention (APOP), about half of all dogs and nearly 60% of all indoor cats are overweight. Larry Kornegay, president of the American Veterinary Medical Association, says he sees an overweight pet nearly every day, and unusually the owner is overweight. So talking about the topic can be _ . \"I talk about their pet's health. Still, some clients take it personally.\"\nHere are some tips for pet weight loss:\nSee the vet . Have your vet put together a plan and treat any existing medical problems. Pain relief and diet changes may be required for arthritic  pets, which will allow for exercise to at least begin.\nSkip the crash diet (an attempt to lose weight quickly by strictly limiting the diet). A special weight-loss diet may be suggested. For example, look for the supplement which burns fat and builds muscle mass in foods. Never place any pet on a crash diet, especially cats, which can suffer a potentially fatal liver disease as a result. There's a safe weight-loss drug for dogs you can ask your vet about.\nDine alone. \"Cut out treats and resist temptation by keeping pets out of the room you're dining in,\" says Chicago vet Sheldon Rubin. You can buy low-calorie treats for dogs and cats. Rubin also recommends mini carrots, small apple slices or blueberries for dogs. What's important is finding other ways, aside from food, to show your love. Play with your cat using an interactive toy, and take your dog for walks. Walks are great for bonding, and good for you. Studies show people are actually more willing to lose weight themselves if it also will help their pet.\nFeed pets at special times. Pre-measure food carefully--don't give them a larger meal than ever--and leave it in various places, so pets sniff it out and use the stairs. It's fun, and it's good exercise.", "id": "high15174.txt"}