{"answers": ["D", "C", "D", "D", "A"], "options": [["how stupid the first driver was", "the importance of having a map and right direction", "how stupid the second driver was", "the importance of setting goals"], ["the successful people set goals for everything and can get help from others", "the unsuccessful people always set unrealistic plans for themselves", "the successful people set goals in their lives and make plans to carry it out", "the unsuccessful people make plans for everything but can not work hard"], ["try to be realistic about one's ability", "let others help him or her to make his or her dream come true", "let others understand him or her first,then work together with them", "have a clear mind of what he or she wants in life"], ["Goals can make you gain everything you want in life", "Only successful people can be happy", "If you want to succeed,you need a set long-term goals instead of short-term Goals", "When we put our goal down on papers, we are more likely to succeed"], ["Goals help you succeed", "How to succeed", "Why we always failed", "A research on setting goals"]], "questions": ["The writer gave the example of two drivers to show  _  .", "According to the passage, successful people are different from unsuccessful ones because  _  .", "According to the passage, the most important thing in realizing one's ideal is to  _  .", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?", "Which is the best title for the passage?"], "article": "Goals can help you do, be and experience everything you want in life. Instead of just letting life happen to you, goals allow you to make your life happen.\nSuccessful and happy people have an idea of how their life should be and they set lots of goals to help them succeed. By setting goals you are taking control of your life. It's like having a map to show you where you want to go. Think of it this way. There are two drivers. One has a destination in mind which is laid out for her on a map. She can drive straight there without any wasted time or wrong turns. The other driver has no goal or destination or map. She starts off at the same time from the same place as the first driver, but she drives without an aim around, never getting anywhere, just using up gas and oil. Which driver do you want to be?\nWinners in life set goals and follow through on them. Winners decide what they want in life and then get there by making plans and setting goals. Unsuccessful people just let life happen by accident. Goals aren't difficult to set--and they aren't difficult to reach. It's up to you to find out what your goals and ideals really are.\nResearch tells us that when we write a goal down, we are more likely to achieve. Written goals can be reviewed regularly,and have more power. Like a contract with yourself, they are harder to neglect or forget. Also when you write your goals in a particular way, you are able to make yourself be continuously alert to situations that will further your goals.", "id": "high15198.txt"}