{"answers": ["B", "C", "A", "B"], "options": [["in a normal night", "go to sleep", "refuse to show yourself to the world", "change sleeping position"], ["is always cheerful", "lives for tomorrow", "can't be successful in business", "worries about nothing"], ["would rather be alone than communicate with you", "is rarely ready to help", "always makes people angry", "wouldn't like to"], ["always shows sympathy for people", "is confident, but not stubborn", "is healthier than others", "often thinks of making people angry"]], "questions": ["According to the writer, you naturally show your secret and real personality only when you  _  .", "Point out which sentence is used to show the personality of a person who is used sleeping on his or her stomach ? He or she  _  .", "Maybe you don't want to make friends with a person who sleeps cured up. Why? He or she  _", "It appears that the writer tends to think highly of the person who sleeps on one side because he or she  _  ."], "article": "Everyone has got two personalities --the one that is shown to the world and the other that is secret and real . You don't show your secret personality when you're awake because you can control your behavior , but when you're asleep , your sleeping position shows the real you . In a normal night , of course , people frequently change their position . The important position is the one that you go to sleep in .\nIf you go to sleep in your back , you're a very open person ,. You normally trust people and you are easily influenced by fashion or new ideas . You don't like to upset people , so you never express your real feeling .\nIf you sleep on your stomach , you are a rather secretive person . You worry a lot and you're always easily upset . You're very stubborn , but you aren't very ambitious . You usually live for today not for tomorrow . This means that you enjoy having a good time .\nIf you sleep curled up  , you are probably a very nervous person . You have a low opinion of yourself so you're often defensive . You're shy and you don't normally like meeting people. You prefer to be on your own . you're easily hurt .\nIf you sleep on your side , you have usually got a well-balanced personality . You know your strengths and weakness . You're usually careful . You have a confident personality . You sometimes feel anxious, but you don't often get depressed . You always say what you think even if it makes people angry .", "id": "high152.txt"}