{"answers": ["B", "A", "C", "D"], "options": [["wish to make alternations", "will spend less money", "want to make it better", "can fit into the sizes"], ["specially made", "fashionably designed", "chosen by few people", "made with difficulties"], ["It is of poor quality.", "It suits all people.", "It is labor-saving to make it.", "It takes more time to make it"], ["to explain why custom-made clothing costs more", "to show the advantages of mass production", "to tell readers how to make money from ready-made clothing", "to provide information about different kinds of clothing"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, people who buy ready-made clothing   _  .", "We can learn from the passage that custom-made clothing is  _  .", "Which of the following is true about ready-made clothing?", "The purpose of the writer is   _  ."], "article": "Department stores sell ready- to-wear clothing, which is also called ready-made clothing. Such clothing is made in fixed sizes. Those people who find that ready-made clothing fits them well can save money by buying it. Most often, people do not fit exactly into a producer's size. Their clothing must be altered to make it fit better. However, most alterations are not very expensive. The small cost of most alterations means that ready-made clothing can meet the needs of most customers.\nThose who can afford it often get someone to design and make their clothing. Such clothing is called custom-made. The person who makes it measures the customer, and then sews it so that it fits perfectly. Alterations are not needed. Custom-made clothing is largely sewn by hand, has better quality, better material, and is of the style you have chosen. Of course, it costs much more than ready-to-wear clothing. You need to pay the difference for the special fitting and better skill that you are receiving. This often means that you spend double or more than you would for a ready-made garment.\nCustom-made clothing is not always that much better than ready-made clothing. It costs more partly because only one garment has been made, just for you. Companies that produce ready-made products make thousands of garments at a time. This means they can buy large quantities of material. Workers cut each size by the hundreds. Companies work out ways to make the garments quickly by machine and pay workers according to their skill. Thus they can sell the finished products at a low price while still making money. Most of the clothing sold in the United States is made in this way. Customers gain from the lower prices which are made possible by mass production. It may or may not give them high quality.", "id": "high15207.txt"}