{"answers": ["D", "B", "A"], "options": [["An Unusual Wedding Tradition", "A Short History of Marriage", "Common Western Wedding Trations.", "Interesting Wedding Around the World"], ["The children were in love", "The families wanted to end the fight", "The families wanted to buy a farm.", "The bride's family wanted to sell their farm."], ["The bride and groom were young.", "The wedding was on a farm", "It was an arranged marriage.", "More than 20,000 guests came to the wedding"]], "questions": ["What is the best title for this passage?", "Why did the families in Bangladesh make their children get married?", "What was strange about the wedding in Bangladesh ?"], "article": "Every culture in the world has marriage and wedding ceremonies . Usually marriages are between one woman(the bride) and one man ( the groom). However, in other parts of the world a man may have several wives, or, as in some areas of India, a wife may have more than one husband..\nThere are also many different kinds of wedding ceremonies practiced around the world. These ceremonies can be very short and simple, or very long and complicated.\nOne of the largest and most expensive wedding ceremonies in recent times was held in Dubai in 1981. The couple tying the knot at this wedding were the son of Sheik ( a male Arab ruler) Rashid Bin Saeed Al Maktoum and Princess Salama. The wedding ceremony took seven days and cost $44 million. It was held in a large building which was specially built for the ceremony and looked like a stadium. The bride and groom needed a large place for their wedding because more than 20,000 guests were invited.\nThe reasons why a man and woman get married also vary. Sometimes they marry because they are in love, sometimes they marry because someone they meet through a matchmaker, and sometimes they marry because their parents tell them that they must marry.\nOne unusual example of an arranged marrige took place in Bangladesh in 1986.  The groom was an eleven-month-old boy and the bride was a three-month-old girl. They were the youngest married couple ever.\nThe parents of the bride and groom arranged the marriage as a way of ending a fight between the two families who had been arguing over a farm for twenty years. Both families thought they owned the farm, but no one knew exactly . The fight ended for good when the young boy married the young girl. By arranging this marriage, neither famlily was forced to lose face. The two families agreed to give the farm to the young people.", "id": "high15205.txt"}