{"answers": ["C", "B", "C", "A"], "options": [["weight-loss camps was very popular in China six years ago", "about 290 million Chinese are overweight in China in all", "in China childhood obesity rate in rural areas is lower than that in major cities", "America's childhood obesity rate is lower than China's"], ["Advertising on some new candies", "High quality diets", "Playing computer games for long time", "Having pocket money"], ["obesity explosion in China will affect the United States", "there are great difference in kids' food choices now", "junk food contributes to childhood obesity", "city children eat more than rural children"], ["Chinese Childhood Obesity Explosion", "Weight-loss Camps in China", "Obesity Explosion's Impacts On Chinese Economy", "Obesity Explosion In China And America"]], "questions": ["According to the passage we know   _  .", "Which of the following is NOT the reason of China's childhood obesity?", "According to the passage we can infer   _  .", "What's the best title for the passage?"], "article": "Some weight-loss camps, which are rare in China just a few years ago, have sprouted in Beijing, Qingdao, Shenzhen, and other cities. Today about 15 percent of adults, or 200 million Chinese, are reportedly overweight. Of these, 90 million--about 7 percent--are obese .\nExperts say the obesity epidemic is spreading to children, though more slowly than in adults. The trend, they say, will have a huge impact on the health of China's citizens and economy. \"We're seeing a very large proportion of children and adolescents who are quite heavy and aren't moving much,\" said Barry Popkin, a nutrition professor. Popkin carries out an ongoing health-and-nutrition survey of 16,000 households in China. He says more kids today are overeating and putting on weight \"quite quickly\". In just ten years China's childhood obesity rate has doubled, with the greatest gains coming in urban areas. \"In big cities it's a big problem.\"\nSome experts blame the extra fat on a range of factors, many of them tied to China's rapidly changing economy and culture. The diets of Chinese adults and children are far higher in calorie-laden meats, fish, eggs, dairy products, fats, and sugars than ever before. In addition, kids--especially city dwellers--are more sedentary today and spend more time indoors in front of homework, television, computer games, and the Internet.\nShuwen Ng, a health economist, says that kids in China now have pocket money, and they spend a portion of it on junk food. Ng adds that advertising and peer groups influence kids' food choices. Certain foods, such as new candies or fast food, have attractive features.\nChina's childhood obesity rate still lags that of the United States, where some 15 percent of kids are said to be obese. But the long-term effects are equally serious.", "id": "high15218.txt"}