{"answers": ["D", "C", "C"], "options": [["we have a natural ability of learning language", "our own language is much easier", "we listen to our own language more carefully", "we have practiced it for years"], ["evening programs", "programs with soft music", "morning programs", "familiar programs"], ["its music", "the broadcaster", "its name", "the time of the program"]], "questions": ["We are good listeners in our own language because   _  .", "If you don't have enough time, you can listen to   _  .", "You can know the information of the program according to   _  ."], "article": "Listening to a radio broadcast in a foreign language is difficult for many of us. We may have studied the language for several years, and are able to read it, perhaps even write in it. But listening and understanding the spoken language require special skills. Some people have a natural ability that helps them to learn a language quickly, while others must study for a long time. Everyone, however, can improve his or her listening skills with practice.\nWe are good listeners in our own language because we have had years of practice. We understand the grammar and the language. We know what to expect a person to say to us in almost any situation. We have been in similar situations many times, and we have heard it all before. We can understand it, even if we do not listen carefully.\nBut this is not true with a foreign language. We must listen with our full attention. And we must try not to let the cultural style of our language affect our understanding of the foreign language. Listening to a foreign language broadcast is easier if we know something about it. There are clues that can help us. One clue is the time of a day. Morning programs usually contain many short items of news, information or entertainment. The items are short because most of us are getting ready to go to work in the morning. Often we do not have time to listen to long programs. Evening programs are different. There is time for more details about the subjects discussed.\nWe can get a clue about the program from the music at the beginning, but we must be familiar with the music of the foreign culture. The kind of music--serious and slow, or fast and light--can tell us what kind of program to expect. The name of the program can give us good information about what it will contain.\nAnother good clue is the broadcaster. The more we listen to the same person, the easier it will be to understand him. His speaking style will become familiar to us. Further, the broadcaster provides clues to the organization of the broadcast at the beginning of the program. The broadcaster usually gives us the highlights of the program to prepare us for the details that will follow.", "id": "high15219.txt"}