{"answers": ["B", "C", "C"], "options": [["a selfish and moody youth", "a serious writer who hates fame", "a famous American author", "someone who lives away from society"], ["failed to pursue a career in business", "attended a writing class at Columbia University", "published the novel 'The Catcher in the Rye'", "became a spokesman for young people"], ["Publication in a magazine.", "Being taught by Whit Burnett.", "Having a story accepted by the 'New Yorker'.", "Dropping out of New York University."]], "questions": ["According to the article, J.D. Salinger is an example of   _  .", "Salinger's career as a writer improved greatly and his reputation was assured after he   _  .", "Which event in his early life confirmed his status as a serious writer?"], "article": "All writers dream of success. Yet some writers turn their back on success the moment it comes along. J.D. Salinger, the American author, is a good example.\nOn the face of it, the future did not look promising for the teenage Salinger. He seems always to have been running away from something. First it was school, then he dropped out of New York University. Finally, after failing to find a career in his father's food import business and dropping out of yet another college he decided that his destiny was to be a writer. In the same year he joined a writing class at Columbia University which was taught by Whit Burnett, founder and editor of a magazine called Story. The March-April issue contained a story written by Salinger entitled 'The Young Folks'. In it there are early versions of the moody, selfish youths that appear in his later fiction. Soon, his stories were appearing in various mass-circulation magazines but it was the famous New Yorker which he dreamed of, believing that publication within its covers would indicate his future potential as a serious writer.\nSalinger has a huge reputation around the world yet it rests mainly on just one novel, The Catcher in the Rye. Published in 1951, it soon became highly popular with teenagers who identified with the hero's powerful sense of dissatisfaction. Its success made Salinger a public figure. Most writers, of course, would welcome this. Salinger, however, hated it and refused it. He moved to a small house in Cornish, New Hampshire, where he lived away from society until his death in 2010 at the age of 91.\nFor Salinger, fame and artistic honesty were not the same thing. Some people become writers because they wish their works to speak for themselves. Salinger appears to have been disgusted by the idea that he had become the spokesman for a generation. In death he has perhaps achieved his highest goal: to be out of the spotlight, represented only by his work.", "id": "high15225.txt"}