{"answers": ["B", "A", "D", "D"], "options": [["was very happy", "felt sympathy for him", "didn't know what to do", "was angry with his crying"], ["making her feel better in her hard times", "giving her courage to go on with her life", "helping her tidy the department", "telling her what life is"], ["Willis was named after his previous owner", "Willis didn't like staying in the apartment", "the author and Willis were both homeless", "time passed quickly after the author adopted Willis"], ["A little cat", "A painful experience", "How to take care of animals", "What I got from a little cat"]], "questions": ["When the author first saw the cat, she  _  .", "The cat rescued the author by   _  .", "We can learn form the passage that   _  .", "What's the best title for the passage?"], "article": "When my father was dying, I traveled a thousand miles from home to be with him in his last days. It was far more heartbreaking than I'd expected, one of the most difficult and painful times in my life. After he passed away I stayed alone in his apartment. There were so many things to deal with. It all seemed endless. I was lonely. I hated the silence of the apartment.\nBut one evening the silence was broken: I heard crying outside. I opened the door to find a little cat on the steps. He was thin and poor. He looked the way I felt. I brought him inside and gave him a can of fish. He ate it and then almost immediately fell sound asleep.\nThe next morning I checked with neighbors and learned that the cat had been abandoned by his owner who's moved out. So the little cat was there all alone, just like I was. As I walked back to the apartment, I tried to figure out what to do with him. Having something else to take care of seemed _ But as soon as I opened the apartment door he came running and jumped into my arms. It was clear from that moment that he had no intention of going anywhere. I started calling him Willis, in honor of my father's best friend.\nFrom then on, things grew easier. With Willis in my lap time seemed to pass much more quickly. When the time finally came for me to return home I had to decide what to do about Willis. There was absolutely no way I would leave without him.\nIt's now been five years since my father died. Over the years, several people have commented on how nice it was of me to rescue the cat. But I know that we rescued each other. I may have given him a home but he gave me something greater.", "id": "high15235.txt"}