{"answers": ["A", "C", "C", "A", "C"], "options": [["Boxing is a violent sport with high injury rate.", "People enjoy boxing because of its brutal nature.", "Only professional players are allowed to attend boxing matches.", "Boxing is a popular sport with a history of only 200 years."], ["this is because many people can participate in this popular sport", "this is because boxing is a sport which can bring good business", "the reason for this cannot be fully explained", "this is because there are many legendary boxers"], ["The time set for a round.", "The weight of gloves.", "The size of boxing rings.", "The signal to begin and end each round."], ["to give a general introduction to the sport of boxing", "to advertise a band of boxing-related product", "to discourage people from enjoying this violent sport", "to get support for a sport with long tradition"], ["It is a brutal and violent sport, with little popularity in modern times.", "It is a traditional sport, with little room for improvement.", "It is a controversial sport, which nevertheless enjoys great public support.", "It is strictly professional sport with rigid and exclusive rules."]], "questions": ["Which of the following is true according to the information in the passage?", "Boxing has always managed to survive as a sport. In the author's opinion,   _  .", "Which of the following facts about boxing is NOT mentioned in the passage?", "The author's purpose in writing this passage is   _  .", "Which of the following statements can best describe the sport of boxing as a whole?"], "article": "Boxing is a fist fighting sport between two matched combatants   wearing padded gloves. A boxer's primary aim is to land as many blows as possible to the head and torso   of the opponent, using strength and speed to dominate the contest. One of the oldest sports still practiced, boxing dates back to thousands of years ago. Today the sport is popular in many parts of the world and encompasses   both amateur and professional matches.\nFor most of the 20th century boxing attracted huge fan and media attention in the United States. Some boxing champions became legendary, larger-than-life figures, such as Jack Dempsey, Joe Louis, and Muhammad Ali. Criticized to varying degrees throughout its history for its violent nature and high injury rate, boxing has somehow always managed to survive----and even thrive----as a sport.\nModern boxing regulations are based upon the 12 rules set out by British boxing officials in the mid-19th century. These rules became known as the Marquess of Queensberry Rules, named after the 8th Marquess of Queensberry, John Sholto Douglas, who sponsored and published them. In addition to in-the-ring rules, modern boxing also has specific regulations regarding eligibility for the fighters themselves.\nThe modern rules for professional and amateur boxing differ, but both types of contests are divided into time periods called rounds. In professional boxing, each round lasts three minutes; in amateur boxing, two minutes. A one-minute rest period between rounds is standard. Amateur contests consist of three rounds; professional contests may consist of up to 12 rounds. A bell is usually sounded by a timekeeper to begin and end each round.\nA key step in making boxing safer and more respectable was the introduction of gloves, ending brutal bare-knuckle competition. Boxing gloves are heavily padded to soften the impact of the blow and to protect the hands of the boxer. As an added protection, the hands are taped before being placed in the gloves, which are essentially huge mittens. Professional gloves usually weigh between 170 and 226g; amateur gloves average 226 to 340g.", "id": "high15233.txt"}