{"answers": ["B", "B", "D"], "options": [["change people's eating habit", "help process the food", "hasten the growth of organs", "prevent high blood level"], ["She stopped playing basketball in the gym.", "She controlled her blood-sugar level strictly.", "She stopped eating food with natural sugar.", "She tested her blood-sugar level before every meal."], ["Worried.", "Frightened.", "Pessimistic.", "Positive."]], "questions": ["The insulin injected into the body before the meals can   _  .", "What did the author do after knowing she had diabetes?", "What's the author's attitude towards her having diabetes now?"], "article": "Mom noticed that something was wrong when I started getting so thirsty, I'd have a lot to drink before bed, which was unusual for me. One time, I opened a big container of apple juice and kept refilling my glass. Before I knew it, I'd drunk the entire container! My mom call my doctor. I then had a few blood tests, and the results were certain ------ I had diabetes, which meant that the amount of sugar in my blood was very high. That can be dangerous, so I had to learn how to control my blood-sugar level.\nMy eating habits had to change in a big way. With diabetes, I can't eat a lot of sugar or carbohydrates. I have to figure out exactly how much sugar I plan to eat, and then I get an injection of insulin before the meals to help my body process the food. Also, I test my blood-sugar level often. I'm always trying to keep my blood sugar at a healthy level. The level can drop when I exercise, but that doesn't keep me out of gym class or off the basketball court ------ I just keep some juice boxes around to _ my blood sugar if I need to.\nIt's a lot of work ------ and not a lot of fun ------ to keep track of everything, but I've gotten used to my new habits. I was a little scared at first because I wasn't sure how my life would change. Once I knew what I needed to do, though, it wasn't a big deal. My life is different now from what it was before, but it has become completely regular to me.", "id": "high15293.txt"}