{"answers": ["D", "A", "B"], "options": [["Zhejiang Channel", "Shandong Channel", "Sichuan Channel", "CCTV-1"], ["Because they like men like gray wolf.", "Because they are still young.", "Because they want to make their children happy.", "Because there are many things about the happy sheep and the gray wolf."], ["he thinks children will feel bored after seeing it again and again", "he is afraid that children's health and study will be affected", "he doesn't like the cartoon himself.", "he thinks it is a waste of money"]], "questions": ["Which channel is not mentioned in the passage.", "Why do many adults also like the cartoon Happy Sheep and Gray Wolf?", "The author doesn't like its being shown repeatedly because   _"], "article": "These days, there's a popular cartoon named happy sheep and gray wolf. It's an excellent Chinese cartoon, which tells the stories of happy sheep and gray wolf. The poor gray wolf is always trying hard to catch the sheep, but the sheep could always run away from the danger. The sheep are so clever and lovely that the cartoon gets all the children's love. At the same time, the cartoon is full of humor. The children could learn more knowledge and enjoyment from it.\nThe cartoon is shown repeatedly on many TV channels.The Zhejiang Channel broadcasts the cartoon on weekends and the vacations; the Sichuan Channel broadcasts the cartoon for an hour in the evening; the Shandong Channel broadcasts it in the morning, while CCTV-3 broadcasts it at noon every day.\nOn one hand, the cartoon gets the children's love because the happy sheep is really clever. He always has a way to work out any problem and save his friends. What's more , there're many things about happy sheep and gray wolf, such as the books, the toys, the pencil-box, the clothings, and so on. Children are happy to buy them. On the other hand, many adults   also like the cartoon, for the gray wolf is regarded as the perfect husband with skills and effort. He invents many things just to catch a sheep for his wife. Though he is often hit by his wife, he always makes her happy without complaining  .\nWe can learn more from the cartoon, including the skills, the stories, the details, the humor, and so on. We could see the humor of Chinese type during the cartoon. But I don't like its being shown so often. It may make the children spend more time on watching TV and it is bad for their health and study.", "id": "high15300.txt"}