{"answers": ["C", "D", "C", "B"], "options": [["show that she is unique", "catch up the present fashion", "become more attractive", "have more confidence"], ["They looked down upon these girls", "They thought these girls liked to show off", "They thought these girls were fashionable", "They thought these girls were rebellious"], ["He is against girls' doing so", "He thinks professional women should not get tattooed", "He is in favor of it as long as it is done probably", "He calls on all the girls to do so"], ["Big, beautiful tattoos inked on the back", "Small, lovely tattoos inked on the hidden part of the body", "Big and fashionable tattoos inked on the foot", "Small and beautiful tattoos inked on where it is easy to see"]], "questions": ["A girl wants to have a tattoo in order to   _  .", "What did people think of girls who got tattooed in the past?", "What is the author's attitude towards girls' getting a tattoo?", "According to the author, which of the following is the right kind of tattoo that girls should get?"], "article": "Every girl wants to have a great-looking tattoo   design that makes them more attractive. Small and lovely tattoo designs are the path to go for girls planning to get tattooed for the first time.\nNowadays, more and more females are getting a tattoo inked on their body. In the last fifteen years, tattoos have grown from being a sign of rebelliousness and trouble to a state of popular acceptance as a mark of fashion.\nTattoos are permanent so you need to be sure that you like it before getting one. A great way is to have small tattoos that look beautiful as well. You can get a cherry blossom tattoo on the foot, perhaps, a hibiscus flower on the shoulder or a lovely butterfly on the lower stomach; whatever design you choose, it can definitely add to your attractiveness and charm.\nDeciding to get a tattoo needs careful thought and reflection. Otherwise, you could make some serious tattoo mistakes. Try to avoid big and obvious designs if possible. Another important part of choosing a tattoo design is the location. What part of the body do you want it on? Choosing a hidden location can often make the tattoo the perfect adornment  . As for professional women, tattoos should normally be where they can be hidden.\nMost importantly, no matter what tattoo design you choose the final goal is that the design should be something you like. If you are into the tattoo and really feel passionate about it you will carry yourself in a different manner when you get it inked on your body.", "id": "high15304.txt"}