{"answers": ["C", "D", "C"], "options": [["animals may change our belief structure", "animals are so special for those who love them", "pets can never escape from death which makes people sad", "pets only provide people with love but never ask for return"], ["pets can give us some gifts when they have a good meal", "pets are so selfless and brave that all the people love them", "people can never accept the death of pets or the one they love", "people may go through several stages before they can accept the death of a pet"], ["Neutral.", "Negative.", "Positive.", "Critical."]], "questions": ["According to the passage, the reason why some people don't want a pet may be that  _  .", "According to the passage, we can infer that  _  .", "What's the attitude of the author towards grieving a pet?"], "article": "Pets provide an unconditional love that requires very little on the part of the human.\nAnimals are so special to those of us who love them. We miss them when they are no longer with us. We grieve   for them in ways which are just the same as grieving for a human loved one.\nWhether the end comes through old age, illness, or sudden death, the death of a pet can cause enormous feelings of sorrow, guilt, and loneliness for children and adults alike, as the animal was considered a family member, a child's favoured playmate, or an older person's loyal and faithful companion.\nSome people don't want a pet because they do die! It's understandable to be unwilling to expose yourself to death but, at the same time, _ . When we live with animals we're more in step with the rhythms of the planet from day to night and from season to season because our companions make us more aware of the changes around us. Our companion animals teach us about the simple gifts of a beautiful day, a good meal and a gentle touch.\nThe death of a pet can make us struggle with our belief structure-a natural part of the grieving period. Whether grieving an animal or human, we question our beliefs and many people find their belief structure becomes stronger when they ask themselves hard questions. Others find a new way of acceptance.\nAnd we learn from our animals. Animals aren't afraid to die; they show us that the end of life can be faced without fear. They can teach us to accept death as an opening for love and wonder.\nAllow yourself to grieve in whatever way is appropriate for you. The loss of a pet is real grief and causes us to travel through the stages of grief-denial, anger, depression, guilt, and acceptance. These stages must be lived through for the mourning to allow full healing.", "id": "high15308.txt"}