{"answers": ["A", "D", "C"], "options": [["is good for both us and people who help us", "benefits the people who do something for us", "wastes our and our friends' time at the same time", "does harm to both us and people who help us"], ["seeing a doctor to find the right medicine we need", "expressing our gratitude in an easy way", "speaking up the moment we have the chance", "showing others actively we are willing to help them"], ["the Indians didn't have any words for appreciation", "the Indians were particularly generous to others", "some people may express their gratitude through different approaches", "Mark Brain set the Indians an example to show saying thanks is very important"]], "questions": ["When we say something for what others do for us, it   _  .", "According to the writer,  _  could be the best way to prevent ourselves from being left out.", "Mark Brain's story is mentioned in the passage in order to show the fact that  _  ."], "article": "In our life, we have rarely expressed our gratitude to the one who'd lived those years with us.In fact, we don't have to wait for anniversaries to thank the ones close to us--the ones so easily overlooked. If I have learned anything about giving thanks, it is this: give it now!While your feeling of appreciation is alive and sincere, act on it. Saying thanks is such an easy way to add to the world's happiness.\nSaying thanks not only brightens someone else's world, but it also brightens yours. If you're feeling left out, unloved or unappreciated, try reaching out to others. It may be just the medicine you need.\nOf course, there are times when you can't express gratitude immediately. In that case don't let embarrassment sink you into silence--speak up the first time you have the chance.\nOnce a young minister, Mark Brian, was sent to a remote parish of Kwakiutl Indians in British Columbia. He had been told that the Indians did not have a word for thank you. But Brian soon found that these people had exceptional generosity. Instead of saying thanks, it is their custom to return every favor with a favor of their own, and every kindness with an equal or superior kindness. They do their thanks.\nI wonder if we had no words in our vocabulary for thank you, would we do a better job of communicating our gratitude? Would we be more responsive, more sensitive and more caring?\nThankfulness sets in motion a chain of reaction that transforms people all around us--including ourselves, for no one ever misunderstands the melody of a grateful heart.", "id": "high15326.txt"}