{"answers": ["C", "A", "B"], "options": [["The writer didn't work hard at physics.", "The writer lost 20 marks for the last question.", "The writer made some mistakes during the exam.", "The questions on the paper were difficult for the writer."], ["the writer did 2 sub-questions of the last question", "the writer turned overleaf to do the sub-questions", "the writer spent 45 minutes finishing the paper", "the writer got full marks in the physics exam"], ["learn some exam skills", "concentrate on what we are doing", "try our best to do well in the exam", "be careful not to make mistakes in the exam"]], "questions": ["Which of the following statements is true?", "We can infer from the passage that   _  .", "We can learn from the passage that we should   _  ."], "article": "In life, people come across many experiences, which they remember throughout their lives. I had a similar experience, too.\nI was very excited. It was the day of my last paper of the final examination. My mind was full of thoughts of how I would spend my vacation. I was especially excited of the invitation that my uncle had given me to stay with him for a few days in Cambridge.\nI was prepared for the subject, physics. My friends and I were on the ground doing the last minute revisions and also discussing the questions that were supposed to come in the paper. Suddenly the bell rang and we got into our classrooms. The teacher came and quickly handed out the answer paper and the question paper. The paper was of two hours and some of the expected questions came. I finished it almost forty-five minutes earlier. But since it was a rule not to collect the answer paper before the allotted time. the teacher was not collecting and I had to sit till the time was over. I checked my paper twice and corrected some of the mistakes in it. I started thinking about the place my friends and I had planned to go after the paper.\nThough I was thinking for a long time, the time seemed to be endless. So I thought of drawing something on the question paper and turned it overleaf. I was shocked to see that the page which I had supposed to be blank had four more questions on it which carried 20 marks and would take at least half an hour to complete. I had a quick glance at my watch. There were only 10 minutes left. I was so nervous that I was hardly in a state to write anything. They were the sub-questions of the last question. Suddenly our physics teacher came in and told all of us that in the last question, out of 6 sub-questions only 2 had to be solved. I felt very much _ .\nThereafter I never made such mistakes again. But I realized that my anxiousness and excitement could have cost me to lose 20 marks and decided never to make such a mistake again.", "id": "high15331.txt"}