{"answers": ["C", "D", "C", "B"], "options": [["people have difficulty making up their mind before going shopping", "people don't know what is available in the store", "people tend to decide on buying products when they see them", "people are easily deceived  by the attractive products"], ["the clerks ignore the customers", "the clerks are too eager to serve the customers", "the stores have to send the shopper's purchases to his house", "customers hesitate to ask for help if they haven't decided what to buy"], ["the top shelf", "the bottom shelf", "the shelf which people can see easily", "the shelf where there is less confusion"], ["Psychologists and Merchandising Experts.", "Impulse Buying.", "The more Products the More Confusion.", "Self-service Shopping."]], "questions": ["The reason for the above mentioned phenomenon is that   _  .", "In grocery stores where customers are served there is less impulse shopping. This may be because   _  .", "Shoppers tend to buy the products put on   _  .", "Which of the following might be the best title for this passage?"], "article": "It has been found that less than one shopper in five makes a complete shopping list before going to the store. The reason for this is that seven out of ten of today's purchases  are decided in the store, where the shoppers tend toward impulse  buying. Buying groceries on impulse had risen for the past forty years, and this rise has coincided  with the growth of self-service shopping. However, in grocery stores where clerks wait on customers there is much less impulse buying. It is hard for people to buy on impulse if they have to address a clerk.\nPsychologists have joined forces with merchandising  experts. It is their job to persuade people to buy products which they may not need or even want until they see them attractively presented. It was discovered by the psychologists that shoppers want help in their purchases. Having so many choices confuses them, and they prefer the package that attracts them. Therefore, it is now more usual for food packers to pay attention to their package design. Attraction depends heavily on the position of the product on the shelf, however. Thus, persuading the shopper to buy is easier if the product is located at eye-level.", "id": "high15351.txt"}