{"answers": ["A", "D", "D", "B"], "options": [["Nobel was a man of strong will", "Nobel was a man of gift", "Nobel seldom got on well with his work", "Nobel had his heart in his work"], ["a war to kill and injure his fellow men", "building roads", "digging tunnels", "both B and C"], ["took a single interest in science", "took a serious interest in money", "took no interest in literature", "took a serious interest in literature as well as in science"], ["His wonderful will surely provided other scientists with a large sum of money.", "In leaving behind a wellmeant will, Nobel succeeded in setting up a permanent monument for his interests and ideals.", "Nobel made a glorious will so that he might be remembered and respected after his death.", "Nobel expressed his wish in his will that a monument should be put up in memory of him."]], "questions": ["Through his early experimental work, it is evident that   _  .", "In fact, his inventions were first used in   _  .", "Based on the passage, Nobel, as a scientist,   _  .", "Which of the following statements is true according to the passage?"], "article": "Nobel, who was born in Stockholm, is a great scientist famous for his dangerous experiments.\nNobel studied in the USA and then Russia between 1850 and 1859. After his return, he started researching into bombs. As is known, bomb is dangerous to life, but Nobel was working under that condition. Once a big explosion in his lab completely destroyed the lab and caused some deaths. After that he had to experiment on a boat in a lake. He received criticism and satire , but he proceeded with the work rather than losing heart. From 1860s to 1880s, Nobel made many achievements and his inventions were first used in building roads and digging tunnels. Most of the bombs were safer and more possible to be controlled. Even at the end of the 20th century, we still used his methods.\nNobel had many patents in Britain and other European countries. He was quick to see industrial openings  for his scientific inventions and built up over 80 companies in 20 different countries. Indeed his greatness lay in his outstanding ability to combine the qualities of an original scientist with those of a forwardlooking industrialist.\nBut Nobel's main concern was never with making money or even with making scientific discoveries. Seldom happy, he was always searching for a meaning to life, and from his youth, he had taken a serious interest in literature and philosophy. His greatest wish, however, was to see an end to wars, and thus peace between nations, and he spent much time and money working for this cause. To follow his will, a fund was set up to encourage people to make great progress in physics, chemistry, physiology , medicine, literature and peace. That's the Nobel Prize which means great honor to a scientist.", "id": "high15362.txt"}