{"answers": ["A", "B"], "options": [["There is a very limited supply of the beans.", "The coffee trees that grow the beans are scarce.", "It takes a long time for the coffee beans to ripen.", "Only a few experts know how to produce the beans."], ["Little palm civets eat only the outer layer of the coffee cherries.", "Palm civets somehow know the right time when the coffee fruit ripens.", "Kopi Lowak is most popular in Southeast Asia and the Indonesian islands.", "Kona and Blue Mountain are the most expensive coffees but only of average quality."]], "questions": ["Why is Kopi Lowak expensive?", "Which of the following statements is true, according to the passage?"], "article": "Coffee experts are willing to pay large sums of money for high-quality coffee beans. The high-end beans, such as Kona or Blue Mountain, are known to cost extraordinary sums of money. Then there is Kopi Lowak (translated as \"Civet Coffee\"), the world's most expensive coffee, which sells for as much as US $50 per quarter-pound.\nThis isn't particularly surprising, because approximately 500 pounds a year of Kopi Lowak make up the entire world supply. What is surprising is why this particular coffee is so rare. In fact, it's not the plants that are rare. It's the civet droppings. That's right, the civet droppings--the body waste of the palm civet. Coffee beans aren't Kopi Lowak until they've been digested  and come out in the body waste of the palm civet.\nPalm civets are tree-dwelling, raccoon-like little animals, native to Southeast Asia and the Indonesian islands. They also have a love for coffee cherries. According to Kopi Lowak suppliers, palm civets eat the fruit whole, but only digest the outer fruit, leaving the beans intact . While the beans are not destroyed, they undergo a transformation in the animal's body. A chemical substance in the digestive system of the palm civet causes some changes to the beans to give them a unique flavor . However, this is not the only explanation why coffee beans retrieved from civet droppings have a special flavor all their own. Another possible reason is that palm civets have an unfailing instinct for picking the coffee cherries at the peak of their ripeness.\nKopi Lowak is reported to have a character in taste unlike any other coffee, complex with caramel undertones and an earthy flavor. Currently, most of the world's supply of Kopi Lowak is sold in Japan, though a few US markets are also starting to stock up on Kopi Lowak.", "id": "high15360.txt"}