{"answers": ["D", "A", "C"], "options": [["Listen to your parents.", "Work for your family.", "Build their trust.", "Change your parents' behaviors."], ["Parents are sometimes rule makers.", "Children don't respect their parents as before.", "Children don't want to stay together with their parents.", "Children are grown up."], ["Change Your Own Behaviors.", "Learn to Respect Your Parents.", "Make Peace with Your Parents", "Accept What Your Parents Say."]], "questions": ["What's NOT the proper way to improve relationship between you and your parents?", "Why are there conflicts between children and parents?", "What's the best title of the passage?"], "article": "As a teen, you're going through big changes physically and mentally. Your interests are expanding. And your desire to take control of your own life is growing.\nHere is the challenge: Kids need to explore the world in new ways, and parents need to protect them from the dangers that are out in that world. These conflicts can easily set off fireworks in otherwise calm houses. Sometimes conflicts can't be avoided. But by paying attention to the building blocks of successful relationships, you can work towards making home a happy and healthy place for you and your parents.\nFor instance, try to find a time to talk when your parents are not angry, tired, distracted, or hungry. A good time to talk is when you're all relaxed . Timing is everything. If the conversation begins to turn into an argument, you'd better calmly and coolly ask to stop the conversation for now. You can pick it up again when everyone's more relaxed. Listen to what your parents are saying, and repeat it back to them. This shows them that you're listening. It also gives them a chance to clear things up if you're not on the same page.\nRespect is the building block of good communication. People who respect each other and care about each others' feelings can disagree without things getting ugly.\nYou are more likely to get along with your parents and have more independence  if your parents believe in you. How do you build trust? Trust comes by actually doing what you say you're going to do. Some teens find that doing fun activities with their parents can improve their relationships. Sometimes we forget that parents are more than rule-makers---they're interesting people who like to watch movies, and go shopping ---just like their teenagers!\nWhat do you do if you are trying your best, but your relationship with your parents continues to be rocky ? You may consider seeking outside help. You can find supportive adults, such as a teacher or a coach, who can\nr.\nRemember you can only change your own behavior; your parents are the only ones who can change theirs.", "id": "high15377.txt"}