{"answers": ["B", "C", "B", "A"], "options": [["Because they didn't like the design of the Eiffel Tower.", "Because they couldn't avoid accepting the Eiffel Tower.", "Because it was no use building the Eiffel Tower.", "Because the Eiffel Tower seemed strange."], ["the changes that have agreement with one's will", "the small changes we meet in our daily life", "the changes whose effect we can predict and control", "the changes that we discuss or consider thoroughly"], ["We are not supposed to face the changes and let them alone.", "We should actively accustom ourselves to the new circumstance.", "We should not take the changes seriously and avoid them as much as possible.", "We should know that the changes merely bring us bad influence."], ["The Psychology of Change", "The ways to Overcome the Fear", "Changes That Disturb Us", "The Bad Effect of Changes"]], "questions": ["Why did the building of the Eiffel Tower make the Parisians unhappy?", "According to the passage, it can be inferred that what won't disturb us are    _   .", "How should we overcome negative emotions that the changes bring?", "What is the best title for the passage?"], "article": "Most people hate change, which is sad since we often go through intense changes in life. And for some of us, even the smallest changes can upset our day. So the question is: Why do most of us find making adjustments to our lives so hard?\nFear of change is nothing new. Over a century ago, the Parisians were unhappy over a particular addition to their city: the Eiffel Tower. In fact, the citizens were so angry about the plans for the tower that they protested its construction. As strange as it may seem, their anger was completely natural. They were given no choice about the huge change that was going to be made, so they became angry.\nBut we get upset over changes even when we do have a say in the matter and think about them carefully. Changes are brought about every day by the decisions we make: which school to attend, which job to take, whom to marry. Voluntary changes also make most of us uneasy because we don't know how those changes will affect our future.\nPeople have discovered that the key to overcoming the fear and anger associated with change is to be flexible . When they are flexible, people can adapt to new situations more easily. Being flexible is especially important in the 21st century as technology makes change occur faster than ever before. Those who oppose change, especially with technology in the workplace, may find themselves out of a job.\nWhen change comes, and you have no choice but to face it, embrace it. A positive attitude helps a lot. In fact, the change may turn out to be the best thing for you. That new job you got may end up being much better than your old one. You may make the best friends of your life in the new city you moved to. Don't merely focus on how you feel about change; instead decide to accept the change. The change is the reality, and it's up to you whether the change will be a success or a failure.", "id": "high15391.txt"}