{"answers": ["B", "B"], "options": [["drew up a careful plan before taking a ride", "made a fool of himself in face of his friends", "hurt himself seriously while riding down the hill", "succeeded in taking a big adventure over a stream"], ["Because his son respected the author and was very understanding.", "Because it was the fist time he communicated with his little son.", "Because his little son didn't make trouble and behaved quite well.", "Because his son could understand the meaning of"]], "questions": ["The author will always remember what happened when he was ten because he    _    .", "Why was the author so happy when hearing his son's answer \"YES\"?"], "article": "The type of things we remember are different. Although we tend to remember good things in our lives, bad things have a way of\n  on us. One such thing I remember happened when I was 10 years old.\nI decided to ride my bicycle over a near-by stream. I carefully planned the adventure, and asked my friends to go there and have a watch. This was going to be my moment! I started riding down the hill, picking up speed and then pulled up on the\n  at the precise moment and landed face-first into the muddy stream! That painful moment is one that I will never forget. As long as I live, I will remember the pain and embarrassment at that moment. When we do something stupid or thoughtless, it has a way of sticking with us. Fortunately, good momories have a way of over-riding the bad ones. I have memories that I gladly remember, like what happened today.\nI had my first conversation with my son today. It was not anything\n. It was a simple connection between father and son. It was one of those bonding moments that you can't plan or force. They just happen on their own. I was walking into the living room where my son sat in bed watching television attentively. Then he looked up at me and pointed to the television and\n  something. I asked him if he was watching\n  and he nodded his head and said,\"Yes\". It was at that moment that his eyes lit up and it was as if we both realized we had communicated. And how happy I was! Sure, at eighteen months, he probably did not realize what communication was like, but his joy at that moment was evident. It was a moment I will remember all my life.\nGood or bad, memories can last a lifetime. As for an unpleasant memory, though we can't forget it we can get lessons from it and it is like a mirror that will warn us against making such mistakes again. As for a good memory, we should try our best to enjoy it during our lifetime. Such moments are the treasures that we store up forever.", "id": "high15394.txt"}