{"answers": ["C", "B", "A", "D"], "options": [["It is thin and easy to cut.", "It grows everywhere.", "It grows quickly after it's cut short.", "It is short and green."], ["All people call bamboo plant trees", "a bamboo plant may grow 4.5 meters in three days", "the bamboo plant changes its colors when it grows", "a bridge held by bamboo cable was built thousands of years ago"], ["Because it is cheap.", "Because it is colorful.", "Because it drills fast.", "Because it is used by Asians."], ["There are many different kinds of bamboo with different colors.", "Cables made of bamboo can last for over a thousand years.", "Bamboo can be used for buildings, bridges and watering projects .", "Bamboo plants are able to grow well in any part of the world."]], "questions": ["How is bamboo like grass?", "From the text we know    _   .", "Why did the engineers teach the poor farmers in Africa to make use of bamboo?", "Which of the following is NOT true?"], "article": "Bamboo  is one of the nature's most surprising plants. Many people call this plant a tree, but it is a kind of grass.\nLike other kinds of grass, a bamboo plant may be cut very low to the ground, but it will grow back very quickly. A Japanese scientist recorded one bamboo plant that grew almost 1.5 meters in 24 hours! Bamboo grows almost everywhere in the world except Europe . There are more than 1,000 kinds of bamboo that grow around the world on both mountains and plains.\nNot all bamboo looks the same. Some bamboo plants are very thin. They may only grow to be a few centimeters wide while others may grow to more than 30 centimeters across. This plant also comes in different colors, from yellow to black to green.\nMany Asian countries have been using bamboo for hundreds of years. They often use bamboo for building new buildings. As a matter of fact, the cables  hold up the hanging bridge across the Min River in Sichuan are made of bamboo. The bridge has been in use for more than 1,000 years, and is still holding strong.\nIn Africa, engineers are teaching poor farmers how to find water using bamboo. These African countries need cheap ways to find water because they have no money, and their fields often die from no rain and no water. It seems that bamboo is one of the best things they can use. Bamboo pipes and drills  can help to make the poor thirsty fields be watered.", "id": "high15405.txt"}