{"answers": ["B", "D", "C"], "options": [["bad weather", "unexpected stops of the bus", "one passenger", "an accident on the way"], ["It has 10,000 undergraduates and postgraduates.", "There are over thirty colleges in the town.", "All the students and staff live in the town.", "The university and town are fully combined."], ["boats", "cars", "bicycles", "buses"]], "questions": ["The writer believed that the trip took more time because of   _", "Why is Cambridge called a university town?", "It can be inferred that most Cambridge students take    _   as their first means of transport."], "article": "I paid a visit to Cambridge last January.  Though the trip took me 5 hours and it rained the whole day with strong winds there, the town deserved a visit.\nThe bus started at 6:10 a. m. It stopped at 4 airports before we finally arrived,which wasted more time than we expected. Tired with long sitting,one passenger stood up to relax his numbed legs. The driver asked him to sit down but in vain. So he pulled up and said seriously, \"Either you get off or sit down.\" To him, safety is the first policy.\nCambridge consists of over thirty colleges. The oldest part of the university was built in the 13th century while the newest was founded in the mid 1960s.The number of the students is so great that many students live in lodgings and move into college for their final year.\nCambridge is called a university town because there is no clear separation between the university buildings and the rest of the city. The university is not just one part of the town;it is all over the town. The heart of Cambridge has shops,pubs,and supermarkets,but most of it is university-colleges,departments,libraries,clubs and other places for university staff and students. Students fill the shops,cafes,banks and churches,making these as well part of the university.\nWith over 10,000 undergraduates and postgraduates, the town is a busy place indeed. Students here are not allowed to keep cars. If you happen to be walking in the street during a break,better stop a moment to avoid the boiling sea of bicycles hurrying in all directions,carrying students from one college or lecture room to another.", "id": "high15424.txt"}