{"answers": ["D", "C"], "options": [["Don't compare with others.", "Bring everything under control.", "Find out what you have in mind.", "Feel confident about your ability."], ["It will allow you to recover from past failures.", "It will remind you of the vision of your future.", "It will motivate you to continue pursuing success.", "It will help you develop your characteristics in everything."]], "questions": ["56. According to the passage, if you want to achieve success, what should you do first?", "57. Why should you appreciate your own achievements according to the passage?"], "article": "A\nWhen you think of success, you think of relative achievements in your own world. Each element of your world is important to you, and there is no need to compare with others. You cannot affect the success of others; you can affect your own success.\nSuccess is very much achievable to everybody. Believe that and you have taken the first step. If you do not believe in yourself, then building self-esteem is your first task. However, believing in your ability to achieve whatever you want to succeed in is very important if you are not to be held back by self-doubt throughout your journey to success.\nThere are many things that will affect your ability to succeed, and it is best to focus on those under your immediate control. Once you do that, then the characteristics you develop can be applied to becoming successful in a range of activities.\nWhat is important to you is that, as you start to reach milestones in your ambitions, you should appreciate your own achievements. Appreciating yourself will strengthen your self-confidence and your determination to succeed.\nSome of the key characteristics you will find in those who are successful are perseverance, prepared to research, plan, work hard and practice a lot even when things do not seem to be going well, and an ability to recover and learn from setbacks. At the beginning of whatever you are trying to succeed in, a strong vision of your future, planning, and setting yourself achievable tar gets can all play an important role.\nAll these qualities, skills and characteristics can be learned and developed. But it is up to you to get things started. Those who do not start travel nowhere. For others, life can be a continuous journey of fulfillment.", "id": "high15427.txt"}