{"answers": ["C", "A", "C", "B"], "options": [["paid counselors", "money lenders", "good listeners", "next-door neighbors"], ["giving negative examples", "raising a relative question", "describing a natural fact", "explaining what friends are"], ["The more friends you have, the happier you will be.", "Medication is also a better way to maintain strong friendships.", "You may lose a friend if you are always telling lies to him or her.", "We should only make friends with those having similar interests."], ["How to make friends.", "Friends and friendship.", "Ways to maintain friendship.", "Boundaries of friends."]], "questions": ["According to the passage we can learn that good friends should be    _   .", "The author brings in the topic by    _   .", "What can be inferred from the passage?", "Which of the following would be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "Real-life Friends\nMost people know the saying: A man's best friend is his dog; and that Diamonds are a girl's best friend. However, dogs can't offer advice or make you a cup of tea when you need one; and precious stones are cold comfort when you need a hug, and a shoulder to cry on.\nWhat are Friends?\nThere are many ways to describe a friend. Friends are the family you can choose for yourself. Friends are a much better medication than medication is, and people who spend time with friends are happier with their lives as they are less lonely.\nA good friend will put you to bed when you're lost consciousness. Ensure you're not laid on your back, and remember to remove your shoes. You should be able to tell a true friend anything without being judged by them.\nHow do Friendships Begin?\nThis is an easy question. Find someone else who has similar interests with you. You now have another person to talk to about your shared interest but remember they like to talk too, so be prepared to shut up and listen once in a while. Hopefully they will have other friends and will introduce you to them, thereby expanding your circle.\nFriendships which begin due to location, for example, next-door neighbors or school classmates, rarely survive transitions such as moving to other neighborhoods, schools, colleges, jobs, immigration, and so forth. Attend a school reunion and you'll wonder what on earth you ever had in common with these people other than your age, although it is possible to have a friendship with someone you met at school. Mutually maintain it, and eventually become godparent or \"uncle\" to each others' children.\nHow Friendships are Maintained\nTo have a friend you must also be a friend and be prepared to be there for them should they need you. Failure in this respect would label you\nand you would most probably be abandoned.\nBoundaries\nLike every other relationship you have in your life, there are boundaries you shouldn't cross with your friends. One of those is money: Don't lend to your friend and don't ask for a loan yourself.\nFriends are unpaid counselors ,but phoning them at 2 am because you're awake and would like a chat is not a good idea. Neither is phoning them at 10 am if you know they're a shift-worker. Friends are people who need some space and quiet time. Generally, it all boils down to mutual respect and understanding.\nIt's not a good plan to interrupt your friend while they're on a date/on holiday/attending an orchestral recital/at a funeral.\nTrust\nTrust is the most vital element in any relationship. If you're not trustworthy then you probably don't deserve friends, so try to remember that you promised to see that dull film with them or applaud them at their first attempt at a karaoke or an Open Mic night. If you have promised to look after their clothes while they go for a bet, then make sure you do. You might like to carry enough cash to help them out too, as you never know when that situation might be reversed.\nDon't lie to your friend: if they know you well they'll know you're lying or will at least be suspicious. If you find out something that you know will hurt your friend, be tactful . Do they need to know? Would they appreciate knowing? Can you tell their mum so she can break the news? Cowardly, yes, but mums usually have a much better way with words. Remember, if you do decide to tell them and it's painful, they will probably need some time alone, after lashing out at the closest thing--you. In that case, play the waiting game. Then don't beat them up about it afterwards.\nA Friend for Life\nStrong friendships can last a lifetime with care and consideration. The benefits are multi-folds; you've got someone to share birthday cake with, and especially for single people, a pub meal or a trip to the cinema is no fun alone, is it? Plus it's always nice to know there's someone there for you, as you're there for them, through the bad times as well as the good. Altogether now: Oh I get by with a little help from my friends. Mm, I get high with a little help from my friends.", "id": "high15437.txt"}