{"answers": ["C", "A"], "options": [["Hungry and tired children can't focus on their study.", "Children should go to school on time and learn to behave well.", "Teachers aren't able to decide if parents do homework for their children.", "Teachers are impressed when children take an active part in class."], ["help your children to impress their teachers at school", "ask your children to get ready for classes before going to school", "teach your children to be polite to both their teachers and classmates", "remind your children to observe all the rules when at school"]], "questions": ["Which of the following statements is NOT true?", "The passage mainly tells us that being parents, you should    _   ."], "article": "Are your children liked by their teachers? All parents want their children to impress(...) their teachers and succeed in school. You can get your children to impress their teachers by following these easy steps.\nMake sure they're prepared. Teachers are impressed by children coming to school prepared to learn. Make sure they have everything they need--pencils textbooks, erasers and so on.\nRequire them to be active in class. Teach them to ask teachers questions when they don't understand something. Some children think teachers are bothered by questions, but most teachers are impressed when children take the initiative  in asking questions. They should take part in class discussions, giving their opinions politely.\nKeep your children healthy. If your children are tired and hungry, they won't be ready to learn. Children need at least 8 to 10 hours of sleep per night. Feed your children a solid breakfast and prepare a healthy lunch. Provide them with fruit and other healthy foods--apples or bananas are better for them than cookies.\nMake sure that your children do their homework. If they really don't understand it, discuss it with them patiently. Don't help them do their homework. Teachers can always tell who it is that does the work.\nTeach your children good manners and habits. Children need to arrive at the school punctually, and be polite to their teachers and classmates. Parents need to teach these skills at home. Nothing is sweeter than children who say \"please\" and \"thank you\", and these are children their teachers are certain to love.", "id": "high15444.txt"}