{"answers": ["D", "D", "D"], "options": [["always studied hard in school", "lived in the same foster home with his brother", "hated his parents very much", "was encouraged a lot by his biology teacher"], ["Lazy but kind-hearted.", "Selfish and naughty.", "Confident but troublesome.", "Determined and generous."], ["The way to win a scholarship to a college.", "The importance of family background.", "Never forget people who have helped you.", "Hard work pays off sooner or later."]], "questions": ["From Paragraphs 2 and 3, we can learn that Derrius    _   .", "What kind of person do you think Derrius is?", "What does the author want to tell us?"], "article": "Derrius Quarles, 19, had an unhappy childhood. But the Chicago teen didn't give up. He tried his best and won $1 million in college scholarships  ! Now Derrius is a successful college student with a bright future.\nWhen Derrius was 4, his father was killed. His mother couldn't take care of him because of taking drugs. Derrius and his 9-year-old brother sometimes had to steal food to eat. Derrius felt different from other kids. In seventh grade, Derrius went to live in a foster home  . His foster parents weren't nice to him. They told him that he'd never be anything in life.\nDerrius didn't do his best in school. The summer after ninth grade, that changed. Derrius had signed up for a biology class. He didn't go to class the first day. On the second day, he showed up late. His teacher took him outside. She told him he was smart, but that he was wasting his potential  . The talk inspired him and he planned to prove that he could be anything if he worked hard enough.\nAdults at a summer program helped Derrius find out about scholarships he could earn to pay for college. In his senior year, Derrius filled out lots of applications. He told his friends, \"You're not going to see me for a long time.\" Derrius's hard work paid off. He won more than $1 million in scholarships! He has a lot to be proud of. But he's most proud of helping others. Derrius gives speeches to teens, telling them how to find scholarships. In high school, Derrius got help buying a computer. He wanted to help others who needed them. Last year, he gave two laptops to high school students. There's a lot of work in his future. Derrius doesn't mind -- hard work has got him where he is today. He knows\ncan take him anywhere.", "id": "high15449.txt"}