{"answers": ["D", "D", "C", "C"], "options": [["It can pronounce the words.", "It can send e-mail.", "It can be used as a dictionary.", "It can phone somebody."], ["is not heavy as before but still large", "is used as an experiment in Tianjin", "is made of metal", "is going to cover China if it proves to be successful"], ["All the students in China will be required to use this new schoolbag soon.", "All the people think highly of e-textbooks.", "E-notebooks are very convenient to students.", "We will not make notes because the e-notebook can make all by itself."], ["An Experiment In China", "Please Change Your Schoolbag", "A New Invention, A New Schoolbag", "Chips"]], "questions": ["The e-schoolbag has many functions EXCEPT    _   .", "According to the passage, the e-schoolbag    _   .", "Which of the following statement is TRUE?", "The best title for the passage should be    _   ."], "article": "Don't you think your schoolbag is too heavy to bear? The e-schoolbag will free you from the weight.\nIt is said that e-schoolbags are going to be brought into use in Chinese middle schools soon. An experiment with several hundred e-schoolbags will begin in seven cities: Beijing, Shanghai, Dalian, Shenzhen, Chongqing, Taiyuan and Shijiazhuang. And the e-schoolbags are going to cover all over China if the experiment proves to be successful. In fact, the e-schoolbag should perhaps be called an e-notebook. It is a small hand-held computer for school students.\nHeavy schoolbags have long been a serious problem for school students. The average schoolbag of middle school students weighs up to 5 kilos. But the e-schoolbag will change everything. It is much lighter than a usual schoolbag, weighing under 1 kilo.\nAlso, it is no bigger than a usual book, but it can still hold all the things for study, such as a textbook, a notebook and exercise book. They could be made into chips that are as small as a stamp. The students can read the text page by page on the screen. They can still take notes using a special electronic pen. If they want to know the meaning or the pronunciation of a new word, or even e-mail their teachers, it's just a press of a button.\nIn some foreign countries, it is becoming common. But it is hard to tell when people will receive this new form of study. Some say that e-textbooks can be easily broken, some say that it is not good to students' eyesight to look at the screen for long.  But only time will tell.", "id": "high15457.txt"}