{"answers": ["C", "B", "B", "D"], "options": [["Fenced Animals Are in Danger", "Animals Are Easy to Kill", "Hunters Pay to Kill Fenced Animals", "Animal Hunting Should Be Banned"], ["they don't run very fast", "they are not afraid of humans", "they don't know how to escape", "the hunters are good at shooting"], ["Many animals can run away when hunters want to shoot them.", "It is very cruel to kill the animals in the way mentioned in the passage.", "The Humane Society of the United States considers this kind of hunting as a good sport.", "The animals are usually hung on the walls after being shot."], ["no measures have been taken to prevent this kind of hunting", "the animals usually get really hungry before dying", "in most parts of America this kind of hunting has been stopped", "people who do this kind of hunting are probably very rich"]], "questions": ["What can be the best title for the passage?", "One of the main reasons why these animals are easy to be shot is that    _   .", "What can we learn from the passage?", "It can be inferred from the passage that    _   ."], "article": "Animals are being killed by hunters in America in a cruel way, says an animal protection organization. There are about 1,000 hunting farms across America whose owners offer hunters an opportunity to kill animals that are kept in fenced areas.\nRussian boar, zebra, deer, antelope and many other species are raised just to be killed. Farm owners charge hunters thousands of dollars for animals that they kill, many of which are close to extinction  .\nThe Humane Society of the United States says this type of hunting should be stopped because it is not fair to the animals. Many owners raise their animals. Others buy from animal dealers or from zoos and circuses that no longer want them. This means that the animals are not afraid of humans and they are easy to be shot by hunters.\nOwners of small ranches   keep their animals in fenced areas so that the hunters can get close to the animals before shooting at them. On large farms hunters are taken to areas where the animals are fed sometime of the day. This also makes it easy to kill the animals.\nThe hunters want to keep the heads and chests of the animals they kill to hang as trophies   on their walls. This means that the animals are usually  shot in parts of the body. That means they will suffer a slow and painful death.\nThe hunting is allowed across most of America but some parts of the country have stopped or restricted it. The Humane Society of the United States hopes that it won't be too long before the rest parts of the country also give up this cruel sport.", "id": "high15465.txt"}