{"answers": ["D", "B", "C", "C"], "options": [["Plays that deal with the lives of the great.", "Plays that taught a lesson.", "Plays based on biblical stories.", "Plays that are not connected with thechurch."], ["People were not interested in them any longer.", "The church was not as important as what it had been.", "People liked new plays.", "The stories of religious theatres were outdated."], ["People preferred religious theatres to other ones.", "There were no other types of theatres.", "The church played an important part in people's life.", "The quality of religious theatres was better than that of other theatres."], ["European dramas", "Religious dramas", "Religious theatres in the Middle Ages", "Secular dramas in the Middle Ages"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, what does \"secular plays\"mean here?", "Why did religious theatres become less important as the Middle Ages came to an end?", "According to the passage, why did religious theatres take over in the Middle Ages?", "What would be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "In the Middle Ages in Europe, theater was an important part of civic, economic and religious life. During this period after the fall of Roman civilization, many cities were destroyed. Southern and Western Europe, famous for its agriculture, became increasingly more agricultural. After several hundred years, many towns appeared again. The Roman Catholic Church took over religion, education and politics. What remained of theater was mostly on the Greek and Roman performing arts.\nTheater was reborn as liturgical  dramas. It was written in Latin and dealing with biblical  stories which would be performed by church members. Then there came local dramas spoken in common language not Latin. They were more wonderful one-act dramas taking place in town squares or other parts of the city. There were three types of local dramas. Mystery or cycle plays were short dramas based on biblical stories organized into historical cycles. Miracle plays dealt with the lives of the great. Morality  plays taught a lesson through characters standing for good or bad qualities. Secular plays in this period existed, but religious drama in the Middle Ages is mostly remembered today. As the Middle Ages ended, the number of religious theatres became small as the church weakened and more secular qualities won over religious theaters.", "id": "high15466.txt"}