{"answers": ["B", "C", "A"], "options": [["there is too much information for us to choose from", "technological development is too fast", "people live in different countries", "no one is intelligent enough to answer such a question"], ["earn a lot of money", "communicate with some like-minded people", "help find the correct information needed", "spare some time for surfing the Internet"], ["What the Future Will Be Like", "Listen to Music Through the Internet", "Music and Software Development", "How to Live a Happy Life in the Future"]], "questions": ["No one really knows what the future will be like because    _   .", "The writer is looking forward to some real software agents so as to    _   .", "The best title of this passage should be    _   ."], "article": "My Uncle Dave posed an interesting question to my wife and me when he came to visit us the other day. He asked: \"What do you think the world will be like in 50 or 100 years, in terms of technology and society and so on?\"\nHe says he asks many of the people he meets this question to see what their thoughts are. His point is that no one really knows. I mean, in 1945, could people have even imagined surfing the net or sending e-mails as we do? No way. And the pace of technological innovation  is incredible  . We're on a more different curve than we used to be.\nOne thing I'm looking forward to is real software agents. There is so much information out there, but I want something that can help me find what I really want. For instance, in about ten years, I think, there will be no longer recorded music, and there will be some big databases from which you can download music onto your hard drive or whatever. At that point, there will be so much music to choose from and you'll be able to sample things before you buy them. But the question will be how I find what I'm looking for and how I do find the music that might interest me. Or more generally, how do I find information that I want without spending all the time myself surfing the net? How do I find people who are like-minded  , with whom I might really want to communicate? I want to find those people but it's hard to do. In the future I think that one will be able to build a community of like-minded people who live all over the globe. It's going to be very interesting, I think.", "id": "high15464.txt"}