{"answers": ["A", "A", "D"], "options": [["Surprised", "Excited", "Nervous", "Hopeless"], ["shouldn't judge a man by his appearance.", "shouldn't complain about others", "should give others what they want.", "should accept everything we meet"], ["My mother's influence on my growth", "The importance of volunteering", "One of my most shameful experiences", "My mother's simple lesson in kindness"]], "questions": ["How did the author feel as the well-dressed man joined the line for food?", "The author's mother mainly wanted to tell the author that we    _   .", "What would be the best title for the text?"], "article": "It's easy to see how to help some people, but what about those whose needs are not so clear? This story may have happened not long ago--- but it was a lesson which has stayed with me and helped me ever since.\nIt was Thanksgiving and I was volunteering with my parents at a shelter for the needy. We served hot food to whoever came in. Most of our dinners looked like they had been having hard times; their clothes were worn out and dirty. Then, a man came in, who looked anything but needy. He was well dressed. I wondered what he was doing there and my jaw   dropped in amazement when he joined the line for food. The closer he came to my service station , the more I muttered  . What was this man doing? Surely he wasn't going to take food which was meant for those who were really in need!\nThen my mother quietly took me to one side. She said, \"You have thought that the needs of the people who come here must be purely physical, hunger, etc. And this gentleman doesn't seem to have any of those problems. But what if his needs are emotional ? What if he needs comfort, friends, or just to be among other human beings? Her words hit me like a ton of bricks! I felt like I should apologize to the man--- but I didn't.\nAbout a week later the shelter received a large donation from an\nsource. I can't help but wonder if it came from that man.\nNow, whenever I meet someone I remember my mother's lesson and try to send kindness their way, no matter how they look. Needs aren't always seen. But kindness always makes a difference.", "id": "high15480.txt"}