{"answers": ["B", "B", "B", "D"], "options": [["headmaster of Harrow School", "a leader of the Britain Navy", "a leader of the Conservative Party", "Prime Minister of Britain"], ["One.", "Two.", "Three.", "Four."], ["In 1938 Churchill left the parliament.", "Churchill's closest friends were against his attitude toward war.", "Churchill's closest friends always inspired him to seek higher office.", "Churchill and his closet friends served in the army before World War II."], ["Churchill gave up as Prime Minister in 1955", "Churchill once became a soldier, fighting in France", "Churchill's speeches encouraged the British people to keep on fighting", "Churchill led his army to fight bravely and defeated the enemy in World War I"]], "questions": ["Before World War I, Churchill worked for his country as    _   .", "How many times was Churchill elected Prime Minister?", "What can we learn from Para. 4?", "We can know all the following from the text EXCEPT that    _   ."], "article": "Churchill's full name was Winston Leonard Spencer Churchill. He was born in 1874. He was educated at Harrow School and the Royal Military College, Sandhurst.\nIn 1900 Churchill was elected a member of parliament .As First Lord of the Admiralty , in 1911, he was responsible for strengthening the British navy.\nDuring World War I, he still remained a member of parliament, but he resigned from his post in the British navy, and became a soldier again, fighting in France. In 1917, however, he became Minister of Munitions . In this job, he encouraged the development and use of the tank, which was then a new weapon. After the war, Churchill held several government posts.\nFrom 1931 to 1939, he was only a member of parliament. He had fallen into dislike because of his militant (war-loving) attitude. Even his closest friends discouraged him from seeking higher office. But when World War II started in 1939. Churchill returned to his former job as First Lord of the Admiralty.\nIn May 1940, he became Prime Minister. Throughout the war, Churchill showed great strength and energy. He worked for long periods with little sleep and traveled many thousands of miles. By the courage and determination expressed in his speeches, he inspired the people of Britain to keep on fighting. His speeches also gave hope to people in parts of Europe occupied by enemy forces.\nIn the general election at the end of the war, the Conservative Party, of which he was leader, was defeated. But he became Prime Minister again in 1951. He resigned as Prime Minister in 1955. However, he remained a member of parliament until 1964. Some time later, in 1965, he died.", "id": "high15481.txt"}