{"answers": ["B", "C", "A"], "options": [["How American Students Study.", "American High School Life", "The Life of American Students.", "Introduction to American School."], ["Cheating is strictly banned(. only in American high schools.", "Teenagers in America can be allowed to drive after sixteen years old.", "Schools encourage all students to take part in sports.", "English, social studies, math, science, and physical education are elective subjects."], ["All high school hold some activities for students every year, like homecoming.", "American parents usually buy cars as graduation presents for their children.", "If the American boys and girls can earn enough money they can buy a used car to drive.", "High school students must have part-time jobs by the age of 15 or 16."]], "questions": ["Which is the best title of this passage?", "Which statement is right according to the passage?", "From the short passage we can infer that_."], "article": "In America, after middle school comes high school, which includes grades 9 through 12. Students are required to take compulsory subjects like English, social studies, math, science, and physical education. In addition, they choose among elective subjects  to complete their high school education. Electives include subjects in technology, music, art, and foreign languages.\nEach student in the school has their own locker for books and personal items. This convenience saves students from carrying textbooks, and allows students a small space they can decorate with(......)posters and favorite objects.\nCheating in any form is strictly prohibited in American schools. And in fact, high school students usually don't cheat. If they are caught cheating, they will have to face severe punishment.\nEach school holds certain yearly activities for all school students, such as homecoming , prom night , holiday celebrations, etc.\nMost high schools have at least one sports team that competes in local games, and all students are encouraged to take part in athletics. Schools often offer football, baseball and softball, basketball, volleyball, tennis, and soccer. Some may even have sports like golf, swimming, gymnastics and cross-country skiing.\nMany high school students have part-time jobs by the age of 15 or 16, some even earlier. Their first jobs are often babysitting or cutting lawns , but later they will likely get a job at a fast-food restaurant, video store, or clothing shop.\nSixteen years old is legal driving age in most states, and students usually want to own a car as soon as they can. Some parents allow their children to drive a family car, and may even buy a car as a graduation present. Others prefer that their sons and daughters earn enough to buy a used car. Many teenagers feel it's necessary to own a car, and will do whatever it takes to be able to drive.", "id": "high15500.txt"}