{"answers": ["C", "B"], "options": [["a prison", "a gift to Mumtaz", "a memorial building", "a tourist attraction"], ["1626", "1632", "1634", "1653"]], "questions": ["The Taj Mahal was first built as    _    .", "We learn from the text that Mumtaz probably died in    _    ."], "article": "Say you are a 17th century construction worker who's worked long and hard to build a splendid tower for the dead wife of your emperor.\nNow say that the emperor orders your fingertips cut off so you can never build another one. Yes, that is the Taj Mahal,one of the most famous buildings in the world. And the tale behind the construction is just as impressive as the building itself.\nFirst, there's the emperor of northern India, Shah Jehan,also called the King of the World. In 1612,Shah Jehan married Mumtaz Mahal. Madly in love, they had 14 children over the next 20 years. But then sadness came.  As Mumtaz was about to give birth to child'number 14, she said she had heard her unborn baby cry out. It was a sign of death. And as Mumtaz lay dying, she asked Jehan to build a lasting memorial to celebrate their love.\nWhen the heartbroken Jehan appeared eight days after his wife's death, his people were shocked to see that his coal-black hair had turned snow-white.\nPutting away his sadness, Jehan ordered his wife's dying wish carried out. More than 20,000 workers labored nearly 22 years to complete the construction. In 1653,Jehan placed Mumtaz's remains in the center under the building.\nAnd then, son number five, Aurangzeb, murdered his brothers and took over the power from his aging father. Hehan lived the rest of his days-eight years, to be exact-imprisoned not far from the Taj Mahal. Jehan was only allowed to climb onto the top of his prison to see the timeless\ntreasure from a distance. But never again would he be allowed to visit it--until he was buried next to his wife.\nToday 25,000 people visit the Taj Mahal each day. Though the reason for building the tower was a strange, sad story, those who see its breath-taking beauty are reminded of the happiness that inspired its construction.", "id": "high15507.txt"}