{"answers": ["B", "D", "D", "C"], "options": [["drive home in Germany", "get caught in terrible traffic jams", "meet other foreign workers", "get to the place where he worked by a special quick route"], ["because he had always wanted one", "because he wanted to resell it at a higher price", "because he liked the siren and the flashing light", "because he knew that other traffic would get clear of the way for an ambulance."], ["but he soon put up a new one", "because the vehicle did not look like an ambulance any more", "so he asked the garage to paint another one on", "but the siren and the flashing light still worked"], ["How to Drive quickly", "How to Avoid accidents", "A quick Way Home? By An Ambulance", "A Safe way Home? Non-Stop"]], "questions": ["At long weekends and holidays Friedrich Dobl used to    _   .", "Why did he decide to buy the ambulance?", "The red cross had been removed    _   .", "Which of the following might be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "Friedrich Dobl, a Yugoslav working in Germany, was fed up with traffic jams. At long weekends and holiday times when he wanted to get him quickly he always found himself behind hundreds of other cars moving slowly along the notorious foreign workers' route through Germany and Austria.\nHow easy it all was for police and emergency services. A siren, a flashing light? And like magic everyone was out the way. Going home from work one night he passed a garage. And there in front of him was the answer to his problems. An old ambulance  was for sale. The red cross had been removed. But not the flashing light, and the siren. He tried the light. It flashed magnificently. He tried the siren. That too sounded impressive. He bought the ambulance and opened up for himself a dream world of motoring. It began early in the morning, all his luggage in the back of the ambulance and motorway in Germany looking reasonably clear. Soon, as always, a long line of traffic appeared ahead. He switched on the flashing light and set off the siren. Cars swiftly slowed and pulled off the fast lane. Other cars stopped and drivers waved him ahead to an open road all his own. In record time he crossed the border into Austria. The big bluff was working. Police even waved him through the confusion caused by an accident.\nBut then the Yugoslav made his big mistake. Until then he had only stopped for petrol. Now he was driving past a real accident, lights flashing , to late realize that it was not another traffic jam as he assumed. They stopped him, and after hearing the story of his ride across two countries fined him 12. 5 pounds.", "id": "high15528.txt"}