{"answers": ["C", "A"], "options": [["How birds clean themselves.", "What birds enjoy doing.", "Why baths matter so much to birds.", "What bird lovers should do."], ["helps keep them healthy", "keeps them free of any parasite", "makes them more attractive", "helps them relax enough"]], "questions": ["What's the passage mainly about?", "According to Para 3, birds' feather cleaning    _   ."], "article": "When many people see birds cleaning their feathers,\n. But, in reality, what they are doing is maintaining their wings, the instruments that they depend on for safe flight. If a bird's wings are not in perfect condition, the bird either won't be able to fly or won't be able to control its flight. That is why after a long flight and even throughout the day, you will see them cleaning their feathers.\nMost birds, if they get a chance, will take a bath at least once a day. They do this to get rid of the dust that has accumulated in their feathers throughout their flight s during the day. In dry or desert areas, birds will not always be able to find water in which to bath, but they still need to clean their feathers. What many birds will do is to take dust baths. They will roll around in dust until it covers their feathers. They will stand up, shaking the dust out, and then clean their feathers with their beaks   as usual.\nBaths are important for another reason. During the course of the day and night, many parasites   are attracted to birds. Bugs, mites, fleas and so on will try to reach birds and suck from their blood. Daily baths help to keep the parasites to a minimum.\nSome birds, especially those that spend a lot of time in or around water, have skin glands   that produce oil. After bathing, these birds will squeeze the glands to spread the oil over their wings to keep them free of water.\nIf you are a bird lover and have bird houses in your yard, it can be good to go to the extra step, providing a bird bath. Once the birds in your neighborhood discover it, you will be surprised at how popular it becomes as they periodically stop by to take their daily bath.", "id": "high15534.txt"}