{"answers": ["B", "C", "C", "D"], "options": [["it makes the world warmer", "it consumes natural resources", "it brings severe damage to future", "it makes growth hard to continue"], ["China lacks wind and solar energy", "China is the leader of the low-carbon market", "High-speed trains are a low-carbon development", "Palm oil is made at the cost of valuable forests"], ["cut public expenses", "forbid carbon emission", "develop public resources", "encourage energy conservation"], ["To introduce a new business model", "To compare two business models", "To predict a change of the global markets", "To advocate sustainable development"]], "questions": ["The traditional business model is harmful because of all the following EXCEPT that   _   .", "What can we infer from Paragraph2?", "To fully develop the low-carbon markets, governments can   _   .", "What is the main purpose of the passage?"], "article": "In a world with limited land, water and other natural resources , the harm from the traditional business model is on the rise. Actually, the past decade has seen more and more forests disappearing and the globe becoming increasingly warm. People now realize that this unhealthy situation must be changed, and that we must be able to develop in sustainable ways. That means growth with low carbon or development of sustainable products. In other words, we should keep the healthy while using its supply of natural resources.\nToday, sustainable development is a popular trend in many countries. According to a recent study, the global market for low-carbon energy will become three times bigger over the next decade. China, for example, has set its mind on leading that market, hoping to seize chances in the new round of the global energy resolution. It is now trying hard to made full use of wind and solar energy, and is spending a huge amount of money making electric cars and high-speed trains. In addition, we are also seeing great growth in the global markets for sustainable products such as palm oil , which is produced without cutting down valuable rainforest. In recent years the markets for sustainable products have grown more than 50%.\nGovernments can fully develop the potential of these new markets. First, they can set high  targets for reducing carbon emissions  and targets for saving and reusing energy. Besides, stronger arrangement of public resources like forests can also help to speed up the development. Finally, governments can avoid the huge public expenses that are taking us in the wrong direction, and redirecting some of those expenses can accelerate the change from the traditional model to a sustainable one.\nThe major challenge of this century is to find ways to meet the needs of a growing population within the limits of this single planet. That is no small task, but it offers a large of new chances for sustainable product industries.", "id": "high15538.txt"}