{"answers": ["A", "D", "D", "D"], "options": [["Robert Edward Lee", "Robert Lee Frost", "Ernest Hemingway", "Ezra Pound"], ["he had great influence on Frost's poetry and life", "Frost' s poetry style was the same as Hemingway's", "Frost was unhappy because he was the victim of his father", "Frost spent his childhood unhappily"], ["Once Frost's first book was published he gained great praise in his country.", "After leaving Harvard University, he began to learn to write poetry.", "Frost was found lo have a gift in poetry while he studied in high school.", "Robert Frost's father was angry and drank a lot because he didn't realize his dream."], ["Robert Frost's unhappy childhood.", "Robert Frost's first and second book.", "Robert Frost's family and jobs.", "Robert Frost's life and poetry."]], "questions": ["The followings are writers EXCEPT    _   .", "The passage wrote about Hemingway in order to show that", "What can we learn from the passage?", "What's the passage mainly about?"], "article": "Robert Frost was one of America's best known and most honored serious writers. But his fame came late in his life.\nHe was born in San Francisco, California in 1874. He lived in California during his early  childhood. He was named after the chief Southern general in America's Civil War. The general's name was Robert Edward Lee. The poet was named Robert Lee Frost, because his father wanted to honor the general.\nSomeone once asked another American writer, Ernest Hemingway, how to become a writer. The best thing, he said, was to have an unhappy childhood. If this is true, Robert Frost's childhood was unhappy enough to make him a very good writer. Robert Frost's father was a reporter who wanted to be a politician. He often drank too much wine and became angry. Robert was the victim   of his anger.\nRobert Frost finished high school in 1891. After high school, Robert's grandfather offered to pay his costs at Dartmouth College. But Robert left the school after a few months. He did not like it. He spent the next few years working at different jobs. At one time, he worked in a factory. Later, he repaired shoes. He was a teacher. He was a reporter. Always, he wrote poetry.\nRobert Frost attended Harvard University for two years. After that, he returned to the many jobs  he held before. For a while, Frost tried to take care of a farm in the state of New Hampshire. He was not a successful farmer. And he continued to write poetry. He said that until 1930, he earned only about ten dollars a year from writing.\nIn 1912, he decided to try to make a new start. He took his family to Britain. The cost of living was low. In Britain, Frost found a publisher for his first book of poems. The book was called A Boy's Will. When it appeared in 1913. Frost received high praise from British readers. Praise was something he had not received in his own country.\nEzra Pound, another American poet living in Britain, read the poems and liked them very much. He wrote a magazine article about Frost. He also helped get Frost's second book of poems published in America. That book was called North of Boston.", "id": "high15542.txt"}