{"answers": ["B", "D", "D", "A"], "options": [["a waste of time that could have been spent on study", "useful for his future work", "a good way to earn extra money", "a good way to find out his weak points"], ["will be a complete failure in his future work", "will not be able to find a suitable job", "will regret not having worked harder at school", "may do well in his future work"], ["Mathematics.", "English.", "Technical drawing.", "History."], ["choosing a career according to what one is skilled in", "acquiring knowledge by working hard at school", "finding one's strong and weak points", "developing one's abilities useful in school work"]], "questions": ["The writer thinks that for a student to have a part-time job is probably    _   .", "According to the passage, if a student's school record is not good, he    _   .", "Which subject is supposed to have no direct value for job hunting?", "The whole passage centers on    _   ."], "article": "What should you think about in trying to find your career? You are probably better at some school subjects than others. These may show strengths that you can use in your work. A boy who is good at mathematics can use that in an engineering career. A girl who spells well and likes English may be good at office work .So it is important to do well at school. On the other hand, you may not have any specially strong or weak subjects but your records show a general satisfactory standard. Although not all subjects can be used directly in a job, they may have indirect value. Knowledge of history is not required for most jobs but if history is one of your good subjects you will have learned to remember facts and details. This is an ability that can be useful in many jobs.\nYour school may have taught you skills, such as typing or technical drawing, which you can use in your work. You may be good at metal work or cookery and look for a job where you can improve these skills.\nIf you have had a part-time job on Saturdays or in the summer, think what you gained from it. If nothing else, you may have learned how to get to work on time, to follow instructions and to get on with older workers. You may have learned to give correct change in a shop, for example. Just as important, you may become interested in a particular industry or career you see from the inside in a part-time job.\nFacing your weak points is also part of knowing yourself. You may be all thumbs when you handle tools; perhaps you are a poor speller or cannot add up a column of figures. It is bitter to face any weaknesses than to pretend they do not exist. Your school record, for instance, may not be too good, yet it is an important part of your background. You should not be apologetic about it but instead recognize that you will have a chance of a fresh start at work..", "id": "high15565.txt"}