{"answers": ["C", "A", "D", "C"], "options": [["Because she thought her keeping silence was better for Lydia.", "Because she didn't know how to comfort Lydia.", "Because she was too tired to talk to Lydia.", "Because she couldn't cut in while Lydia was talking."], ["the importance of listening", "the importance of venting anger", "her own listening experience", "her own venting experience"], ["we think much more quickly than we speak", "we can only understand about half of what we hear", "there is not much thinking time available while we are listening", "we lose our concentration easily while we are listening"], ["Why listening is valuable.", "What we should do while listening.", "How to become a good listener.", "How to stop drifting off while listening."]], "questions": ["Why didn't the author give any advice to Lydia that afternoon?", "In Paragraph 2,the author mainly talks about   _   .", "The author uses the result of the research in Paragraph 4 to mainly show that   _   .", "What will be discussed following the passage?"], "article": "After a very busy afternoon,as I walked into my house,I heard the phone ringing. It was my friend Lydia,upset over an argument with her husband. My usual approach is to offer advice,but this time,exhausted from chores,I simply sat down in a chair and listened to my friend's frustration  and sadness. Without the disturbance of judgment or the desire to comfort her,I stayed totally quiet while she talked. Eventually Lydia's depression eased and we said our goodbyes. The next day she phoned to thank me. \"I'm so grateful for the way you helped me through this,\"she said.\nAt first I was surprised. After all,I had done nothing except be there for her. But after I had my own venting    experience with another friend later that evening,I realized that my focused silence had some value. In fact,most relationship experts agree that talk is cheap;it's listening that's rare and valuable It allows you not only to hear what the other person is saying,but also to have a clear understanding of her thoughts and feelings. And for the speaker,that level of understanding translates into concern and respect.\nUnfortunately,listening isn't as easy as it sounds. Thanks  to  schedules  filled  with  family and work,multitasking has become a barrier   to listening. My tiredness may have been the only thing stopping me from folding  laundry or checking my email while Lydia talked that afternoon.\nAnother barrier to listening is our listening system:Most of us take in only about half of what's being said during a conversation,according to the International Listening Association. Research shows that we speak at 125 to 150 words per minute,yet think at 500 words a minute. Therefore,because we think much more quickly than we  speak,it is easy for us to lose our concentration when  listening to speakers.\nWhile it can be hard to focus at times,it's a skill worth developing. With a little practice  (employing some techniques),you can become a better listener.", "id": "high15575.txt"}