{"answers": ["C", "B", "D"], "options": [["just know work but nothing else", "are willing to work hard for long hours without pay", "find their work provide them more satisfaction and self-confidence than how much they are paid", "has the work with more responsibility than others"], ["workaholics are usually successful people, but their lives are in a mess", "workholism can lead to serious problems but it can also create a joyful life", "people who are absorbed in their work may enjoy movies, sports and other kinds of entertainment", "those who work even under difficult conditions may be very happy"], ["in the eyes of all the common people workaholics are peculiar", "to workaholics, work is the sole source of happiness", "a piece of challenging work may provide the workaholics a sense of satisfaction", "workaholics are as addicted to their job as other people are to drugs or alcohol"]], "questions": ["The passage indicates that workaholics    _   .", "This passage is mainly about    _   .", "It can be inferred from the passage that    _   ."], "article": "In some urban centers, workholism is so common that people do not consider it unusual: they accept the lifestyle as normal. Government workers in Washington D. C., for example, frequently work sixty to seventy hours a week. They don't do this because they have to; they do it because they want to.\nWorkholism can be a serious problem. Because true workaholics   would rather work than do anything else, they probably don't know how to relax.\nIs workholism always dangerous? Perhaps not. There are, certainly, people who work well under stress. Some studies show that many workaholics have great energy and interest in life. Their work is so pleasurable that they are actually very happy. For most workaholics, work and entertainment keep them busy and creative.\nWhy do workaholics enjoy their jobs so much? There are several advantages to work. Of course, it provides people with paychecks, and this is important. But it offers more than financial security. It provides people with self-confidence; they have a feeling of satisfaction when they've produced a challenging piece of work and are able to say, \"I made that.\" Psychologists claim that work gives people an identity through participation in work, they get a sense of self and individualism. In addition, most jobs provide people with a socially acceptable way to meet others. Perhaps some people are compulsive about their work, but their addiction seems to be a safe-even an advantageous-one.", "id": "high15587.txt"}