{"answers": ["A", "C", "C", "D"], "options": [["misleading zones and right ways in educating children", "current problems in training children", "what should be taught to children", "the importance of educating children"], ["corrections, orders and peace", "orders, interference and peace", "interference, orders and corrections", "peace, guide and praise"], ["You could treat your children not so seriously for they don't understand many things.", "You could train your children as you wish them to be since you are parents.", "You should sometimes leave your children in peace as they wish in their childhood.", "You should correct your children immediately if their behavior is not what you want."], ["play with the children with enthusiasm all day long just to please them", "try to give an order, advice and suggestions to their children at any time", "treat their children just as the way they treat an adult in their daily life", "regard their children as an equal to them and have understanding of the inner peace of them"]], "questions": ["The passage mainly talks about    _   .", "Children, according to the passage, are experiencing    _   .", "If you were a parent, which of the following methods is TRUE according to the text?", "We may conclude that the author believes people should    _   ."], "article": "Madame de Stael says that only the people who can play with children are able to educate them. For success in training children, the first condition is to become a child oneself. It means to treat the child as really one's equal, that is, to show him the same consideration, the same kind of confidence one shows to an adult. It means not to affect the child to be what we ourselves want him to become, but to be affected by the impression of what the child himself is; not to treat the child with cheating, or by force, but with the seriousness and true love suitable to his own character.\nNot leaving the child in peace is the greatest problem of present methods of training children. Parents do not see that during the whole life, the need of peace is never greater than in the years of childhood, an inner peace under all outside liveliness.\nBut what does a child experience? Corrections, orders, interference , the whole livelong day. The child is always required to leave something alone, or to do something different, to find something different, or want something different from what he does, or finds, or wants. He is always guided in another direction from the true inner will that is leading him. All of this is caused by our so-called enthusiasm in directing, advising, and helping the child to become the same model produced in one assembly line . Understanding, the deepest characteristic of love, is almost always absent.\nTo bring up a child means carrying one's soul in one's hand; it means never placing ourselves in danger of meeting the cold look on the face of the child. It means the truth that the ways of injuring the child are limitless while the ways of being useful to him are few. How seldom does the educator remember that the child, even at four or five years of age, has already had a sharp feeling! The smallest mistrust and unkindness, the least act of injustice, leave wounds that last for life in the heart of the child. While, on the other hand, unexpected friendliness and kindness make quite as deep an impression on those soft senses.", "id": "high15593.txt"}