{"answers": ["D", "C", "A", "B"], "options": [["his gremlins stopped talking", "he got rid of all his negative thoughts", "he walked out of his comfort zone", "he changed his posture to improve his confidence"], ["shouldn't say a lot about ourselves", "shouldn't walk with our head high up", "should pay enough attention to our body language and gesture", "should only pay attention to the way we walk within the first few seconds"], ["non-verbal signals are more important than verbal signals", "non-verbal signals are not so easy to catch", "we mainly rely on verbal signals during an interview", "we shouldn't pay too much attention to our non-verbal signals"], ["How to prepare for a job interview", "The way we walk says a lot about us.", "How to read a person from the way he walks.", "How complicated body language is."]], "questions": ["The author approached his project with new possibility after    _    .", "According to the author , when we go for a job interview , we    _    .", "The author probably believes that    _    .", "What is mainly talked about in the passage?"], "article": "It takes less than six seconds to leave a first impression. It is said that we ought not judge a book by its cover, but come on, isn't it the color, the design, the layout, and the title that draw us to pick up a book we've never heard of before? Notice what your assumptions are about a person when you are first introduced to her or him.\nSomething that most of us don't take notice of is how we stand or walk. Let's say you are going for a job interview. Within seconds you have already said a lot about yourself by the way you walk. The majority of us walk around everyday without paying any attention to what we are saying even though we are not uttering a word. There is a lot that can be said about body language from the clothes you wear to the gestures you make.\nI took notice of this topic recently as I recalled something about changing my posture to improve my level of confidence. I was about to venture on a new project, which would take me out of my comfort zone. My gremlins   were having a field day with me uttering all kinds of reasons why I couldn't do a good job with this new opportunity. I tucked in my tummy   , put my shoulders back , held my head high , and took a walk. Soon thereafter, I felt so much better. I approached the project with new possibility. Wow, what a difference ! Try it !\nThe ability to capture your audience when you walk into a room is sure to start you off on the right foot when going on an interview. Non-verbal signals have five times the impact of verbal  signals. So you can count on losing your audience when you walk in with head down dragging your feet regardless how much you try to change it.", "id": "high15600.txt"}