{"answers": ["B", "D"], "options": [["people's lack of education", "people's I-don't-care attitude", "people's wait-and-see attitude", "people's over-dependence on the government"], ["legislation", "rapid development of modern science", "mass education", "everybody taking care of his own surroundings"]], "questions": ["The writer quotes the words in the programme to show us that a block to the solution of the problem is    _   .", "In the final analysis, the best approach to the problem of water pollution is    _   ."], "article": "Keeping our water pure is by no means an easy task but it is something that must be done.\nHong Kong once prided herself on being the \"Fragrant Harbour\". However, these days, it is not certain if Hong Kong's harbour could still be called \"fragrant\". For, like many other places, Hong Kong has not been spared water pollution. A visit to Tolo and Victoria Harbour, or any of the beaches in Hong Kong is enough to make one aware of the ugly truth that Hong Kong waters are indeed polluted.\nThe great threat to our water is bacteria pollution. Another great source of water pollution is poisonous chemicals. These substances, which are found in industrial waste and agricultural pesticides, make up unseen dangers that enter biological food chains.\nPollution control is a continuing problem for the government. It is believed that the most effective form of control is legislation . Most importantly, the present laws on pollution should be given more force. On the other hand, no amount of legislation can effectively control pollution unless those concerned are properly educated about the danger posed by pollution.\nWhile a great majority of Hong Kong citizens and residents seem to be greatly concerned about ways to control water pollution, it is discouraging to note that there are, in our midst, some people who remain apathetic about the problem. In a recent radio programme conducted on what people in the streets thought about the water pollution problem, one apparently unconcerned person said, \"What do I care about water pollution? I don't drink polluted water. As long as the water I drink is not polluted, I'm not bothered. Water pollution is too big a problem and let's leave it to the government.\"\nIf all residents in Hong Kong will take such an indifferent attitude, all the government's attempts to control pollution, let alone the anti-pollution legislation, will prove useless. The best form of pollution control each citizen can employ is to be aware of his surroundings. We hope that someday, the problem of water pollution in Hong Kong will cease to alarm us.", "id": "high15609.txt"}