{"answers": ["C", "A", "B"], "options": [["Why the restaurant is named the Mediterranean.", "Where the Mediterranean restaurant is.", "A general introduction to the restaurant.", "The entertainment in the Mediterranean."], ["they want to make people feel that they are at sea", "they find it comfortable to wear uniforms", "they want to remind people that they are on a ship", "mariner uniforms can keep people safe at sea"], ["a news report", "an advertisement", "a pupil's composition", "a funny story"]], "questions": ["What is the passage mainly about?", "We can infer from the passage that the reason why waiters and waitresses wear mariner uniforms is that    _   .", "From the writing style of this passage we can see that it is    _   ."], "article": "The name of our restaurant is Mediterranean Seafood Restaurant. When you hear the name you will immediately think of the sea and Europe. European countries like Spain, Portugal, Italy and France are all famous for their special cuisine  and most of the best sea recipes come from these countries. These countries also produce the best wines and champagnes  in the world.\nOur restaurant has the best seafood in the world. Enjoy the best sea recipes from the Mediterranean countries like Spain, Portugal, Italy and France. We only use fresh ingredients brought directly from the sea to our kitchen.\nAmong the\nwe serve, you will find the best brands of wines and champagnes on earth. We also have a large variety of colorful cocktails. If you drink one of those and eat our seafood, you'll experience a feeling that you have never felt before. We also have excellent waiters and waitresses who wear typical mariner  uniforms.\nMediterranean Seafood Restaurant is the best choice for seafood lovers because it has everything you need for the perfect meal. You can find every kind of seafood here. If you are tired of the typical restaurants, come here to discover the true taste of the sea.\nNowhere else has the wonderful environment that we have. Most of the other restaurants offer the same type of dishes without the real flavor of the sea. You'll like the Mediterranean because the quality of our service is unique. Don't waste your time trying to find another place to eat; we have everything that you are looking for -- comfort, newness, and of course, delicious food.", "id": "high15614.txt"}