{"answers": ["C", "C", "A", "D"], "options": [["sail round the world", "find a seaway from the Atlantic to the Pacific", "make a voyage to Asia", "carry men to Philippines"], ["two", "three", "four", "five"], ["Lack of equipment.", "Cold winter in Patagonia.", "The death of Magellan.", "Dangers from rocks and storms."], ["The Discovery of Magellan's Strait", "The Discovery of the Philippines", "The Most Dangerous Expedition", "The First Expedition to Asia"]], "questions": ["The purpose of Magellan's expedition was to    _   .", "The number of the ships lost on the whole expedition was    _   .", "Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage concerning the expedition?", "The best title for this passage is    _   ."], "article": "Early in the 16th century men were trying to reach Asia by traveling west from Europe. In order to find Asia they had to find a way past South America. The man who finally found the way from the Atlantic Ocean to the Pacific was Ferdinand Magellan. Magellan sailed from Seville in August, 1519 with five ships and about 280 men. Fourteen months later, after spending the cold winter on the coast of Patagonia, he discovered the channel which is now called Magellan Strait . In November, 1520, after many months of dangers from rocks and storms, the three remaining ships entered the ocean on the other side of South America.\nThey then continued, hoping to reach Asia. But they did not see any land until they reached the islands off the coast of Asia. Before they arrived at these islands, later known as the Philippines, men were dying of starvation. While they were staying in the Philippines, Magellan was killed in a battle. The remaining officers then had to get back to Spain. They decided to sail round Africa. After many difficulties, one ship with eighteen men sailed into Seville three years after leaving. They were all that remained of Magellan's expedition. However, their achievement was great. They were the first men to sail round the world.", "id": "high15628.txt"}