{"answers": ["B", "B", "D", "A"], "options": [["what a good first impression is", "how to make a good first impression", "how long it takes to make a first impression", "the importance of making a good first impression"], ["Cross your arms or legs", "Open your coat or jacket when sitting down", "Go into the room more slowly than usual", "Avoid looking at the eyes of the interviewer directly"], ["you are very bored", "you are too nervous", "you don't have confidence", "you don't trust others"], ["How to use body language to win an interview", "How to answer questions in an interview", "How to understand body language", "How to deal with an interviewer"]], "questions": ["The purpose of the first impression is to tell readers    _   .", "Which of the following does the author advise you to do when you are being interviewed?", "If you lean forward too much, it means    _   .", "What is the best title for the passage?"], "article": "As soon as you meet, or even see, a person, you form an impression of him based on his posture, gesture and facial expressions. This is why it is important to make a good first impression on the person who will be interviewing you. Within the first 60 seconds of meeting you, the interviewer will have formed an impression about what type of person you are and what kind of employee you would become, and 55% of this will be based only on your body language. Here are some tips to make you that impression a good one.\nFirst of all, relax. Think positive thoughts and you are more likely to come across as a positive, confident person during the interview. Dress smartly, as your appearance is one of the first things an interviewer will notice you. Stand up straight, and walk in with your shoulders back and your head up. Try to avoid slowing down as you walk into the room because this suggests fear and uncertainty. Shake hands with the interviewer firmly. You should have a positive handshake and a warm smile. Open your coat or jacket as you sit down shows that you, too, are open.\nPosture is important. You should be sitting well back in your seat. Sit up straight and lean forward slightly, but not too much. Sitting at too much of an angel expresses discomfort and distrust. Two of the most common\n  signals are crossing your arms and legs, so try to avoid them.\nAnother important issue is eye contact. Looking someone in the eye shows confidence in yourself and trust in the other person. However, don't overdo it, as too much eye contact or starring will make the other person uncomfortable. Use more eye contact when listening than when talking, and when you look away, look down. Looking up at the ceiling will make you seem bored and rude.", "id": "high15621.txt"}