{"answers": ["C", "B", "C"], "options": [["go on a tour of the desert", "carry out research into some animals in the desert", "make an observation about a kind of bird", "enjoy an adventure in southern Arizona"], ["They have short tails and legs.", "They move at a fast pace.", "Their feathers are red and brown.", "They don't like boiled chicken."], ["How do roadrunners seek a partner?", "My close friendship with roadrunners.", "Roadrunner family in the Sonoran Desert.", "How did I find roadrunners in Arizona?"]], "questions": ["The author went to the Sonoran Desert to    _    .", "What can we learn about roadrunners from the text?", "Which of the following would be the best title for the text?"], "article": "I bent down in the shade under a sixty-foot-tall cactus , waiting for them to appear. The time was eight thirty in the morning. For seven mornings I had come to the same distant spot in the Sonoran Desert, in southern Arizona. I was here to watch the roadrunner, a small fast-running bird.\nI spotted two birds under a bush with red flowers. The roadrunners rushed out from under it. The birds moved rapidly on long skinny legs. Their feathers were brown and black. Their tails were seven inches long. Roadrunners use the tail for balance when running.\nThat day, the roadrunners performed a courtship dance. They ran in wild circles. Suddenly, one stopped and stood still, its round eyes full of light. The second bird took hold of a small stick off the ground and presented it to the first, a gift serving as a symbol of their partnership.\nI returned to the spot each day, leaving bits of boiled chicken hoping they would return. Roadrunners eat snakes, lizards, mice, beetles, and spiders. Food is in short supply in the desert, so my offerings were welcome. The pair grew used to me.\nSoon after the pair finished building their nest six white eggs appeared in the nest bowl. In about three weeks, six roadrunner chicks, skin as black as coal, cried for food. Their parents brought food such as fence lizards and stink bugs. They fed their young until they were a month and a half old.\nEarly one morning, a coyote came around, nose to the ground, for fresh bird meat. The roadrunners fearlessly drove the coyote away, but it was soon back. After three attacks the coyote went away for good, tail between its legs.\nI stopped watching the nest when the little roadrunners, at two months of age, were ready to live on their own. It was hard to break away from \"my roadrunner family.\" Whenever I see a roadrunner now, rushing over the ground, I say hello to it as an old friend.", "id": "high15647.txt"}