{"answers": ["C", "B", "C", "C"], "options": [["children are not allowed to visit Disney World on New Year's Day", "Disney World theme parks have the same opening and closing times", "a single adult had better visit the Magic Kingdom on a school day", "the Magic Kingdom was the earliest theme park in the world"], ["see the guide to Disney World tickets to reserve a table", "make a call to reserve a table for dinner in advance", "use 1-407-WDW-DINE to reserve about 3 months in advance", "go to Cinderella's Royal Table or the Liberty Tree Tavern at any time you like"], ["Disney World theme parks will be closed on Christmas Day.", "The only way to get Walt Disney World tickets is to buy them online.", "Visitors have to reach the Magic Kingdom by tram and then boat.", "The Magic Kingdom has Extra Magic Hours every day."], ["The History of the Magic Kingdom", "A Brief Introduction to the Magic Kingdom", "Advice on Making a Trip to the Magic Kingdom", "The Most Important Theme Park at Walt Disney World"]], "questions": ["We learn from the passage that    _   .", "If you want to have dinner in the Walt Disney World, you can    _   .", "Which of the following is TRUE according to passage?", "What would be the best title for this passage?"], "article": "Opened in 1971, the Magic Kingdom was the first theme park at Walt Disney World. All Disney World theme parks are open 365 days a year, although opening and closing times for each park are different from day to day. If  you are traveling without kids, try to visit it on a school day to avoid the largest crowds. If you need to visit it during a school vacation, try at least to avoid the week between Christmas and New Year's Day and the Fourth of July.\nIf you are not staying at a Disney World hotel, avoid visiting the Magic Kingdom on its Extra Magic Hours days. The hotel guests get into the park early on those days, increasing the waiting time for visitors who arrive at the normal opening time.\nBuy your Walt Disney World tickets online at Disney World's website. There will be some advice on picking the right ticket. See the guide to Disney World tickets. You will also need to call in advance to make lunch or dinner reservations  . Disney accepts reservations, through 1-407-WDW-DINE, up to 180 days in advance. Time does pass quickly, so you should call six months before your trip to get a lunch reservation in the castle. We suggest you should have your lunch at Cinderella's Royal Table for your tour. If you can't get the reservation, ask for the Liberty Tree Tavern instead.\nKeep in mind that to reach the Magic Kingdom, you must park at Disney World's Transportation and Ticket Center (TTC) parking lot, take a tram  , and then take a boat across the Seven Seas Lagoon to the Magic Kingdom.", "id": "high15640.txt"}