{"answers": ["A", "B", "D", "C"], "options": [["Suggestions on How to Build a More Meaningful Career", "Steps on How to Live Happily and Comfortably", "Do not Hate Your Job Any Longer.", "Find Out Your Natural Talents and Make a Success."], ["know the true meaning of our life", "understand better about the career we want", "find out our own unique genius and talents", "improve relations with our family and friends"], ["have much experience at", "have professional knowledge about", "have been performing for a long time", "have a natural talent for"], ["persuade people to work hard to make a happier life", "reveal some wrong-doings at work", "direct people to choose their career", "give some solutions to deal with troubles at work"]], "questions": ["Which is the best title of the passage?", "According to the passage, by analyzing ourselves, we can  _  .", "According to the passage, it's easier to make success in the work which we  _  .", "The purpose in writing this passage is to   _  ."], "article": "Many people go to work each day to a job they hate. The harmful feelings influence their entire life, putting a negative cloud over the home, their friends and many of their other activities. There is a better way to live your life. Meaningful purpose is a driving force that adds enthusiasm to your days. Here are a few steps to get the new career rolling:\nDo some self-analysis. Ask yourself -- What really matters to me? What problem or wrong would I like to fix? What do I enjoy? Where are my interests and hobbies? What are my priorities? What is my secret passion? What do I want to do with the rest of my life? Reviewing these questions can give you new insight to where you want to go.\nUse your unique genius and talents. Every person is born with a unique set of natural abilities. Talents, such as managing, creating, researching, training others, drawing, can all seem like easy work because you have a natural flair for them. True happiness comes from combining your natural talents, developing and excelling in them, and working in a field, job, industry that you have a passionate interest in.\nMake a decision. Only action can change your life. Read a book. Take vocational tests. Use a good career-management professional. Do some career exploration and gather all the information you need. Then make a decision and go forward. Outline the action steps to reach your career goal. Finding meaning, passion and purpose every day you go to work is the wonderful reward, so don't wait any longer. Begin right now and set in motion your own plan to live a happier, more satisfying life.", "id": "high1564.txt"}