{"answers": ["C", "B", "D"], "options": [["Phileas Fogg is the bank robber whom Fix is trying to catch", "Phileas Fogg doesn't have a passport for his travels", "Fix mistakenly takes Phileas Fogg for the bank robber", "Fix intends to prevent Fogg from winning the wager"], ["travelling across the continent of America", "rescuing his companion from the Indians", "waiting for the ship back to London", "getting rid of the pursuing of Fix"], ["No. Because he doesn't get to the Reform Club before the deadline.", "Yes. Because he is not the bank robber; it's a misunderstanding.", "No. Because he wastes too much time during his trip.", "Yes. Because he arrives at the Reform Club before the deadline."]], "questions": ["The reason that Fix wants to arrest Phileas Fogg is that  _  .", "During his time in America, Phileas Fogg spends a lot of \"unexpected\" time  _  .", "Does Phileas Fogg win the wager at last? Why?"], "article": "Around the World in Eighty Daysis a classic Adventure novel by Jules Verne. The story starts in London in 1872. One day in the Reform Club, Phileas Fogg, a wealthy gentleman, accepts a wager  for PS20,000, which he will receive if he travels around the world in 80 days.\nPhileas Fogg sets off immediately, with his servant Passepartout. They reach Suez  quickly. While landing in Egypt, he is watched by a British detective named Fix, who is in search of a bank robber. Because Fix mistakes Fogg for the criminal, he follows secretly, as they are getting on a ship to Bombay.\nAfter more than 20-days of travelling, they arrive in San Francisco, and then get on the train to New York. During that trip, the train is attacked by Indians, who take Passepartout away. With some soldiers' help, Fogg succeeds in freeing his companion. To make up for the lost time, Fogg and his companion hasten on to New York, and catch the steamer for the crossing of the Atlantics. They arrive in Ireland in time to reach London before the deadline. However, once on British soil again, Fix arrests Fogg. Although the misunderstanding is quickly cleared up--the actual bank robber had been caught several days earlier. Fogg has missed the train and returns to London five minutes late, sure that he has lost the wager.\nHowever, the next day Fogg learns from the priest that he is mistaken in the date, which he thinks Sunday but which actually is Saturday, due to the fact that they gained a full day on their journey around the globe, by crossing the International Date Line. Fogg immediately sets off for the Reform Club, where he arrives just in time to win the wager.", "id": "high1565.txt"}