{"answers": ["D", "C", "C"], "options": [["To escape from the busy and noisy city .", "To look for the tools used by our ancestors .", "To experience the natural beauty of a lighthouse .", "To learn about the living condition of lighthouse keepers ."], ["to attract visitors", "to guide passing ships", "to give a pleasant sight", "to remember lighthouse keepers"], ["Three .", "Four .", "Five .", "Six ."]], "questions": ["What is the reason to look back into the past of a lighthouse ?", "Lighthouses were often built with an artistic touch  _  .", "How many reasons are mentioned for a visit to a lighthouse ?"], "article": "Everyone should visit a lighthouse at least once.\nThe most important reason for such a visit is to realize how our ancestors   battled nature with the basic tools they had . They had only basic ways of creating light , and yet they found a way of using this simple technology in isolated   places to save ships from hitting rocks .\nSecondly , visiting lighthouses will help us to understand the lives of lighthouse keepers .By their very nature , lighthouses were built on some rocks or cliffs . Thus , the lighthouse keepers often lived lonely lives . To walk around their small home , and imagine the angry storm outside beating against the walls , is to take a step towards understanding the lives they had.\nThe reasons for a visit to a lighthouse are not all so backward-looking in time . It is true that lighthouses were built in _ places . But on a pleasant sunny summer day. This very isolation has a natural beauty that many people will love to experience . Therefore, with the gentle waves touching all round the lighthouse . the visitor is likely to think it is a world preferable to the busy and noisy modern life.\nAnother reason for considering a visit is that the lighthouses themselves can be very attractive buildings . Mankind could often not be content just to put up a basic structure . but felt the need . even in such an isolated place , to build with an artistic touch . The result is a view for tired eyes to enjoy .\nFinally , lighthouses have a romantic attraction , summed up by the image of the oil-skin coated keeper climbing his winding stairs to take care of the light to warn ships and save lives .", "id": "high1566.txt"}