{"answers": ["B", "A", "D"], "options": [["Competition helps to set up self-respect .", "Opinions about competition are different among people", "Competition is harmful to personal quality development .", "Failures are necessary experiences in competition"], ["It pushes society forward .", "It builds up a sense of duty .", "It improves personal abilities .", "It encourages individual efforts"], ["Every effort should be paid back .", "Competition should be encouraged .", "Winning should be a life-and-death matter .", "Fear of failure should be removed in competition"]], "questions": ["What does this passage mainly talk about ?", "Why do some people favor competition according to the passage ?", "Which point of view may the author agree to ?"], "article": "In modern society there is a great deal of argument about competition . Some value it highly , believing that it is responsible for social progress and prosperity . Others say that competition is bad ; that it sets one person against another ; that it leads to unfriendly relationship between people .\nI have taught many children who held the belief that their self-worth relied  on how well they performed at tennis and other skills . For them, playing well and winning are often life-and-death affairs. In their single-minded pursuit ( )of success , the development of many other human qualities is sadly forgotten .\nHowever ,while some seem to be lost in the desire to succeed , others take an opposite attitude .In a culture which values only the winner and pays no attention to the ordinary players , they strongly blame competition . Among _ are youngsters who have suffered under competitive pressures from their parents or society . Teaching these young people . I often observe in them a desire to fail . They seem to seek failure by not trying to win or achieve success . By not trying , they always have an excuse : \"I may have lost . but it doesn't matter because I really didn't try . \"What is not usually admitted by themselves is the belief that if they had really tried and lost, that would mean a lot . Such a loss would be a measure of their worth . Clearly, this belief is the same as that of the true competitors who try to prove themselves . Both are based on the mistaken belief that one's self-respect relies on how well one performs in comparison with others . Both are afraid of not being valued . Only as this basic and often troublesome fear begins to dissolve   can we discover a new meaning in competition .", "id": "high1567.txt"}