{"answers": ["A", "D"], "options": [["procedure", "engine", "function", "impression"], ["The Rolls-Royce car is the most expensive car in the world.", "The two cylinder car built by Royce failed to impress people.", "When Rolls graduated from Cambridge University, he didn't do well in driving.", "In 1906 the Rolls-Royce Silver Ghost was popular with many people."]], "questions": ["The Rolls-Royce is expensive for its    _    .", "According to the passage, which of the following is TRUE?"], "article": "The famous car Rolls-Royce has been largely hand-made and always one of the most expensive cars on the market.\nIn fact, Rolls-Royce is made up of two men's names, Charles S. Rolls and Henry Royce. They came from very different backgrounds, received very different educations and when they met; their careers were going in very different directions.\nIn 1903, Royce bought a second-hand France Decauville car. He found the car unreliable, difficult to start and overheated. Royce decided he could do better himself and set about building two-cylinder   car of his own design. The first of these, built almost completely by Royce himself, was a success in almost every way: it started easily, ran smoothly and was very reliable. It never failed to impress everyone who saw it rode in the car, including Rolls.\nWhile he was a university student at Cambridge, Rolls acquired a French Peugeot. It was the first automobile seen at Cambridge and by the time Rolls finished his studies, he was probably the most skilled driver in Britain. In 1902, Rolls went into the business of selling cars and became a leading automobile\n. He was looking for a British car to market when he was told that Henry Royce had designed and built a two-cylinder automobile.\nIn 1904, Royce and Rolls joined together to build and sell motor car. They combined their talents--Royce the engineer and Rolls the salesman and businessman.\nAnd, just two years later, the partnership produced the Rolls-Royce Silver Ghost, a milestone car acclaimed   by many by the time as the \" best in the world\". Over the years the automaker built a legendary reputation.", "id": "high15674.txt"}