{"answers": ["D", "A", "C"], "options": [["Because the tower blocked the way of their tourists.", "Because the tower had the same building style as theirs.", "Because they hoped that the tower could lean slightly.", "Because they hoped that visitors just liked their own tower."], ["very anxious", "very happy", "very ashamed of themselves", "angry at the people in the neighboring city"], ["All that ends well is well.", "Every dog has his day.", "A bad beginning makes a bad ending.", "A friend is never known till a man has need."]], "questions": ["Why did the people of the second city plan to destroy the neighboring tower?", "When local people heard the news that their tower was going to fall down, they were    _   .", "What lesson can we learn from the practice of the envious people in the neighboring city?"], "article": "A long time ago, in an Italian city, the people there built a tower which was admired by everyone passing through. A little further down the road, in a neighboring city, they had built a tower of similar beauty. The two towers were equally well known. The people of the second city, envious   and filled with pride, planned to destroy the neighboring tower so it wouldn't take attention away from their own. One night, they came to the tower and began to quietly\nits foundations .\nThe next morning, the tower was leaning  slightly ,but nobody noticed. The same happened for the following few days, until a little girl who was passing by pointed up at the tower and said: \" I think the tower is going to fall down.\" And everyone around looked closely, and could see that she was right .Nervousness spread through the city. And they tried many methods to try to straighten the tower, but nothing seemed to work. That was, until one day when the same little girl was walking up again, and she put her arm on the side of the tower to rest. She felt the tower shaking slightly. When she took her hand off it, the movement stopped. And when she put it back on again, the same thing happened. The girl spent a while doing this, until she was completely certain of what she had discovered: \" The tower is ticklish ( ) !\" She ran to get some plants, and she planted them right next to the tower. Now if the tower leant over any further it would be tickled by the leaves of those plants. Being a ticklish tower, it would then return to where it had been. In this way, the girl managed to make sure that the tower didn't fall down, but still kept it leaning a little.\nThe fact that it was leaning made it even more famous, and this taught a fine lesson to the envious people of the neighboring city.", "id": "high15683.txt"}