{"answers": ["D", "D", "C"], "options": [["building up identity", "entertainment", "bringing pride to the locals", "uniting surrounding cities"], ["4", "5", "6", "7"], ["Los Angeles is most famous for its nicknames.", "Hollywood alone adds fame to Los Angeles.", "All the nicknames increase the charm of Los Angeles.", "Los Angeles was built after the Italian city of Venice."]], "questions": ["A nickname of a place can have the following functions except    _   .", "How many nicknames have been given to Los Angeles?", "Which of the following is conveyed in this article?"], "article": "Nicknames for Los Angeles\nA nickname is a shortened form of a person's name. A nickname can also be a descriptive name for a person, place or thing. Many American cities have nicknames. These can help establish an identity, spread pride among citizens and build unity. Nicknames can also be funny.\nLos Angeles, California is the second largest city in population, after New York City. Los Angeles has several nicknames. One is simply the city's initials, L.A. It is also called the City of Angels because Los Angeles means \"the angels\" in Spanish.\nLos Angeles often has warm, sunny weather. So another nickname is City of Flowers and Sunshine. New York is called The Big Apple. So Los Angeles is sometimes called The Big Orange because of the fruit that grows in that city's warm climate.\nThe American motion picture and television industries are based in Los Angeles. So it is not surprising that it is called The Entertainment Capital of the World. Many films are made in the area of Los Angeles called Hollywood. Millions of people visit the area.\nMany movie stars live in Los Angeles. The city is sometimes called Tinseltown. This nickname comes from the shiny, bright and often unreal nature of Hollywood and the movie industry.\nAnother nickname for Los Angeles is La-La Land, using the first letters of Los and Angeles. This means a place that is fun and not serious, and maybe even out of touch with reality.\nThe city of Los Angeles is part of Los Angeles County. There are many smaller cities in the county. Beverly Hills, with its rich people, is one of them. So is Pasadena, with its Rose Parade each New Year's Day. So are the coastal cities of Santa Monica and Malibu, where people like to ride surfboards on the Pacific Ocean waves.\nA good place for watching unusual-looking people is Venice, an area on the west side of Los Angeles. A system of waterways designed after the Italian city of Venice has been built there.\nMany people love Los Angeles for its warm sunny weather, beautiful mountains and beaches, and movie stars. That includes Randy Newman, who sings about his hometown.", "id": "high15690.txt"}