{"answers": ["A", "B", "A", "D"], "options": [["is a boy of many gifts", "is very helpful to his parents", "learned fast under Dr. Tisman's instruction", "stopped working with Dr. Tisman after his success"], ["He succeeded in finding cures for cancer.", "He made a new discovery in cancer treatment.", "He convinced Ray to become a partner of him.", "He taught Ray knowledge related to his research."], ["His presentation at AFCR.", "His great skills in computer.", "His devotion to cancer research.", "His appearance on television newscasts."], ["providing different cancer treatments", "proving the effects of vitamins on babies", "finding the side effects of a cancer drug", "testing the effectiveness of a new drug mixture"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, Ray   _   .", "What do we know about Dr. Tisman?", "What made Ray first known to the medical world?", "Dr. Tisman's research is aimed at    _   ."], "article": "Dr. Glenn Tisman, a cancer specialist, knew his young neighbor, Ray Bateman, had an unusual mind. But he had no idea at the time that 12 - year - old Ray had the ability to become his partner in cancer research.\nRay's parents remembered that at age four, Ray surprised them by fixing a broken vacuum cleaner . When he was ten, he speedily constructed the family color television from a kit. Later, he succeeded in assembling  a complex stereo system after two experts had failed to do the job.\nWhen Ray was ten, he convinced his parents to buy him a computer. In a short time, Ray was able to do amazing things with the computer. Ray shared his enthusiasm for computers with Dr. Tisman, who used a computer for his research. The two discussed computers and medicine frequently. Amazingly, Ray understood the biology and chemistry related to Dr. Tisman's medical research without any previous instruction.\nRay then worked with Dr. Tisman after school. He helped conduct research with the equipment and kept it in working order. The purpose of the research was to test the effectiveness of mixing an old cancer drug with certain vitamins. Ray analyzed patient test results by computer, while Dr. Tisman handled all patient contact. Together, they came up with solid research that helped advance cancer treatment.\nIn 1988, 14 - year - old Ray went with Dr. Tisman to a meeting of the American Federation for Clinical Research(AFCR), where Ray presented their initial research findings. Using terminology  beyond the grasp of most kids his age, Ray told the scientists how the new drug mixture caused fewer and milder side effects for cancer patients.\nA year later, Ray returned to the meeting to update the findings of his and Dr. Tisman's research. By then, he had become well - known for his devotion to finding cures for sick patients. Stories about him appeared in hundred of newspapers around the world. He appeared on television newscasts and talk shows.\nRay continued to spend most free hours working with Dr. Tisman. The two began studying the effects of vitamins on babies inside the womb . However, Ray's main interest remained cancer treatment, and he continues his research today.", "id": "high15692.txt"}