{"answers": ["B", "A", "B", "A"], "options": [["Because the government had no extra money to help.", "Because they didn't have a ciear plan to save their industry.", "Because they had wasted too much on costly new cars.", "Because they had enough money to save their industry."], ["G.M.", "Toyota.", "Chrysler.", "Ford."], ["was for", "was against", "didn't care about", "took no notice of"], ["The hearings on Thursday agreed on a federal aid to the automakers.", "The main cause of the crisis is weak housing market in the U.S..", "The government is taking measures to save t he housing market.", "The Treasury Department had to help the troubled homeowners."]], "questions": ["Why were the automakers refused for federal aid two weeks ago?", "Which of the following is asking for the largest federal aide", "From the passage we may know Richard Shelby    _    tile automakers' request for federal aid?", "Which of the following statement is NOT true according to the passage?"], "article": "The United States is already one year into a depression That was the news this week from the Na-tional Bureau of Economic Research. The downturn is the longest since a depression that began in 1981and lasted sixteen months.\nEconomists generally wait for production to shrink for six months in a row before they declare a re-cession. But the bureau, a private group, uses a wider set of information to measure the economy. Thenews only confirmed what many people already knew: that the world's largest economy is weak and maynot recover soon.\nWorsening conclitions have led to a big drop in spending, especially on costly products like new cars. Even Japanese automaker Toyota saw its sales fall thirty - four percent in the United States in November from a year ago.\nThe heads of Chrysler, Ford and General Motors retumed to Congress this week to again ask for federal aid.  Congressional leaders denounced  them two weeks ago after they came in private jets with no clear plans for saving their industry. This time, the chiefs drove to Washington in fuel- saving hybrid vehicles. And their companies presented detailed restructuring plans. The reguest for aid has risen from twenty-five billion dollars two weeks ago to thirty-four billion in loans and credit lines.\nG.M. wants almost half of that, and says it needs four billion dollars this month. It warned that without support it cannot continue to operate.\nFord is in a better position, But the sharing of suppliers means it could be affected if G.M. or\nChrysler fails. Ford is asking for a nine billion dollar credit line in case it needs it.\nChrysler is the smallest and most trouble of America's Big Three. It says it needs a seven billion dollar loan by the end of the month.\nTwo days of congressional hearings began Thursday in the Senate Banking Committee. The chairman, Democrat Chris Dodd, said he would support helping the automakers for the good of the economy.\nBut the committee's top Republican, Richard Shelby, continued to express opposition to a bailout .\nA main root of the world financial crisis is the weak housing market in the United States. The Trea-sury Department has been under pressure to help troubled homeowners. Now comes news that the depart-ment is developing a plan aimed at reducing interest rates on mortgage loans  for some buyers of homes. That could be good for homeowners trying to sell.", "id": "high15708.txt"}