{"answers": ["B", "A", "C", "B"], "options": [["South Africa", "Australia", "All of Canada", "Malaysia"], ["1600s", "1800s", "1700s", "1900s"], ["The English grammar is simple in general.", "It has a good vocabulary.", "Its pronunciation sounds pleasant.", "It is difficult to spell correctly."], ["it is necessary to invent a new language.", "English is the international language whether you like it or not", "English is much better than other languages", "English should be spoken all over the world"]], "questions": ["English is the native language of    _   .", "England started a colony in India in the    _   .", "Which of the following is NOT TRUE according to the text?", "The author concludes that   _   ."], "article": "English is the native or official language of one-fifth of the land area of the world. It is spoken in North America, Great Britain, Australia, and New Zealand. In South Africa and India it is one of the official languages.\nMore people study English than any other language. In many countries, the textbooks in universities are in English. Many university classes are taught in English even though the native language is not English.\nEnglish is the language of international communication. It is the language of international business, research, and science. More than three-fourths of the world's mail is written in English. More than half of the scientific research journals are in English. Most other languages have borrowed many English words.\nWhy did English become the international language? In the middle of the nineteenth century, French was the international language. The Britain became very powerful in the world. England started colonies in North America and India in the seventeenth century. By 1900 England also had colonies in other parts of Asia, Africa and the South Pacific. The people in the colonies had to use English. Slowly it became more important than French internationally. After the Second World War, the United States became very powerful, and even more people began to learn English.\nIs English a good international language? It has more words than any other language. The grammar is simpler than in other major languages. However, English spelling is difficult. Foreigners all have trouble spelling English. So do native speakers!\nSince 1880, people have invented over fifty artificial (not natural) languages. No one speaks them as a native language. However, none of them has ever become popular. Some people don't want to study English, but it is the international language. There is no way to change that now.", "id": "high15725.txt"}