{"answers": ["A", "A"], "options": [["Realize you can't change everything about yourself.", "Change the way other people look at you.", "Go to your doctor for advice on how to change your body.", "Learn from some celebrities on how to change your body."], ["how to adjust to the changes of your body", "how to build confidence by changing your body", "how to keep an attractive body image", "how to find pleasure in your day"]], "questions": [". Which of the following does the author probably agree with?", ". The passage is mainly about   _   ."], "article": "I'm fat. I'm too skinny. I'd be happy if I were taller, shorter, had curly hair, straight hair, a smaller nose, bigger muscles, longer legs. Do any of these statements sound familiar? Do you often put yourself down? If so, you're not alone. As a teen, you're going through a ton of changes in your body. And as your body changes, so does your image   of yourself. Lots of people have trouble getting used to it and this can affect their confidence.\nSome people think they need to change how they look or act to feel good about themselves. But actually all you need to do is change the way you see your body and how you think about yourself.\nThe first thing to do is recognize that your body is your own, no matter what shape, size, or color it comes in. If you're very worried about your weight or size, go to your doctor to check that things are OK. But it's no one's business but your own what your body is like-finally, you have to be happy with yourself.Next, find which aspects of your appearance you can change and which you can't change and need to accept-like their height, for example, or their shoe size.\nIf there are things about yourself that you want to change and can do this by making goals for yourself. For example, if you want to get fit, make a pan to exercise every day and eat nutritious foods.\nWhen you hear negative comments coming from within yourself, tell yourself to stop. Try building your confidence by listing three things in your day that really gave you pleasure. It can be anything like the way the sun felt on your face, the sound of your favorite band, or the way someone laughed at your jokes.", "id": "high15724.txt"}