{"answers": ["B", "A", "A", "B"], "options": [["No one can treat his mother well.", "Dr Syed was the wrong blood group.", "They didn't have money to be in hospital.", "Mrs. Syed was unwilling to receive the operation."], ["It is very dangerous.", "It costs too much.", "They didn't know how to do it at all.", "They didn't have the relative equipment."], ["She was touched by his son's deed.", "She has already recovered completely.", "After operation, she went her own home.", "She was in hospital in London for many years."], ["The hospital still needs improving.", "Dr Syed has love and devotion to his parents.", "The expense in the hospital is too high to afford.", "Dr Syed donated his kidney to his mother directly."]], "questions": ["Why isn't it a plain sailing?", "Why didn't his colleagues agree to the method of blood-washing?", "What can we learn about Mrs. Syed?", "What can be inferred from the text?"], "article": "Dr Asim Syed, 32, has performed more than 100 operations at London's Hammersmith Hospital in the country's busiest transplant unit, but never imagined that he would one day become a donor himself.\nHe stepped forward when was told his 64-year-old mother might be dead within months unless she got a new kidney  . The worried surgeon brought her to London to be cared for at his hospital. However, it was not all plain sailing. Tests showed Dr Syed was the wrong blood group, so the only way was to go through a special blood-washing process. He consulted colleagues about that, but they didn't agree, because the risk of rejection is still too high. Dr Syed and his mother were then advised to consider a new way of donating and receiving, called an organ-paired. That is, Dr Syed donated his kidney to an unknown person and another donor in the chain was a successful match for his mother. The chain of three transplants took place at the same time on July 31 with Dr Syed's kidney going to a recipient in the Midlands and Mrs. Syed receiving her kidney from a person in the south of England.\nJust hours after donating his own kidney, Dr Syed found himself recovering in bed next to his mother. Mrs Syed said, \"When I came round from my operation Asim was in the next bed and the first thing he said was, 'Mum now all your worries are over.' Tears fell down.\"\nNow mother and son are recovering well with Dr Syed already back at work. Mrs. Syed is staying with him for several months while the hospital monitors her progress.\nHe said, \"I did what anyone would do when they see a relative suffering disease. Although I wasn't able to help mum directly, by agreeing to be part of a chain, I was also very happy.\"", "id": "high15729.txt"}