{"answers": ["A", "C", "B", "D"], "options": [["3", "4", "5", "6"], ["To tell us it's very famous in the world", "To tell us the Elysee Palace is as large as it.", "To show that the Elysee Palace is also a symbolic building.", "To show that it is also the living place of the president."], ["To tell us the long history of the Elyseee Palace.", "To make an introduction of the Elysee Palace.", "To show the political importance of the Elysee Palace.", "To explain how the Elysee Palace became the residence of presidents."], ["The time when the Elyusee Palace is open to the public.", "The reason why Napoleon I signed his act of abdication.", "The time when the Elysee Palace became the residence of president of the French Republic.", "The reason why there's the French Castles Day."]], "questions": ["The number of the buildings of the Elysee Palace is    _   .", "Why does the writer mention the Buckingham Palace?", "What's the purpose of the passage?", "Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage?"], "article": "The Elysee Palace in France enjoys equal popularity in the world with the Buckingham Palace in the United Kingdom, the Kremlin in Russia as well as the White House in the U. S. It is the residence of the president of the French Republic and the symbol of the supreme authority in France.\nThe Elysee palace, with an area of 11,000 square metres, is at the eastern end of the Champs Elysee in the city of Paris proper and backed by a large and peaceful garden of more than twenty thousand square metres. Its main building, quite handsome and graceful, is a two-story classical stone architecture of European style, and beside it are two side buildings facing each other and with an extensive rectangular courtyard in the middle. There are altogether 369 halls and rooms of different sizes.\nThe Elysee Palace, built in 1718, has a ling history of close to300 years to date. This house was at first a private residence of a count named d'Evreau, so it was called Hotel d'Evreau. It had later gone through many changes and its owners had been changed for many times, but all the residents in it were distinguished persons and high officials. The house was renamed Bonaparte Mansion when it was owned by Louis X V and Louis X VI successively when they acted as emperors. Napoleon I signed his act of abdication here when he had suffered defeat in the Battle of Waterloo in 1815. Nopoleon III moved in the   Mansion in 1848 when he was elected president, and the house became a Royal Palace when he declared himself as emperor. The Third French Republic issued a decree in 1873, appointing officially the Elysee Palace as the residence president of the French Republic. Over the hundred years since then, almost all the president of the French Republic worked and lived there. Starting from 1989, the Elysee Palace is open to the public every year in September on the French Castles Day.", "id": "high15727.txt"}