{"answers": ["D", "B", "A"], "options": [["set limits to what their children do", "keep a close watch over their children", "give the whole directions to what their children do", "give their children freedom to do what they think proper"], ["Arousing children's curiosity.", "Helping children to be independent.", "Making children interested in exploring nature.", "Keeping children away from materialistic influence."], ["Slow parenting and its advantages.", "Different parenting styles.", "The requirements of slow parenting.", "The author's opinion on slow parenting."]], "questions": ["In slow parenting, parents    _   .", "What is the main advantage of slow parenting according to the passage?", "What is the passage mainly about?"], "article": "Slow parenting means parenting children in the contact of nature without any interference   of materialistic influence. We can also term it as \"self-raising\". In slow parenting children are allowed to do what they think proper and parents just keep a watch over the child. Curiosity of the child leads to exploring and discovering things. Parents provide little help only when it's too necessary, otherwise keep themselves away from the child and just have a look on him/her: This brings about a feeling of self-dependency and they are encouraged to solve their problems.\nThis is a natural way of learning. When a child is left to learn in a natural environment, the child's natural development takes place. Influence of any materialistic way doesn't let the mind develop naturally. Watching TV, playing video games or joining classes of dance, swimming or any other sports will not let the mind develop naturally.\nHere creativity of their mind is developed. They explore ideas. The logic behind this is that the kids of animals learn by nature, so can our kids. So let our children play in the garden, to watch flowers, plants, birds, butterflies and other gifts of nature. In the classes of dance, swimming etc. their creativity is influenced and their natural creativity is suppressed  . In these classes they are overburdened and can't train their creativity. So let them play in the open air or garden without any burden instead of joining classes.\nGenerally parents give toys to their children and explain how to operate them. But those parents who believe in slow parenting give toys and observe how the children are managing them. Their skill to learn and understand comes out. Maybe the process is slow, but it will be their exploration, which will make them self-dependent, and self-capable to learn.", "id": "high15730.txt"}