{"answers": ["C", "D", "C", "A"], "options": [["She learned drawing skills from her tutors.", "She was very sociable and outgoing.", "She was greatly inspired by the beauty of nature.", "She was encouraged to think creatively and independently."], ["They did not believe she was mature enough to get married.", "They thought Warne was only interested in Beatrix Potter's wealth.", "They believed that the couple's characters were mismatched.", "They considered Warne to be too common for their daughter."], ["Manchester.", "Scotland.", "The Lake District.", "London."], ["Writing, biology, farming.", "Drawing, nature, ballet.", "Movies, farming, drawing.", "Writing, mushrooms, travel."]], "questions": ["What can we learn about Beatrix Potter's early life?", "Why did Beatrix Potter's parents oppose the idea of her marriage to Norman Warne?", "According to the passage, which part of the UK did Beatrix Potter love most?", "In which of the following areas did Beatrix Potter show an interest during her life?"], "article": "Beatrix Potter was a great English writer and artist, best known for her children's books featuring animal characters such as in the children's classic -- The Tale of Peter Rabbit.\nBeatrix was born into a rich London-based family where she was tutored by very strict private teachers and so spent her youth isolated from other youngsters.\nDuring her youth she had a lot of pets and spent vacations in Scotland and also the Lake District. It was at the Lake District that she developed a love of wildlife. She studied the area's natural wonders carefully and painted them continuously. But her old-fashioned, Manchester-born parents discouraged her intellectual improvement, thinking it inappropriate for a young lady. However, her study and watercolour paintings of wild mushrooms made her widely respected within the field of biology.\nIn her 30's, Beatrix Potter wrote the remarkably successful kid's book, The Tale of Pew Rabbit. Close to that time she became secretly engaged to her publisher Norman Warne. This caused a great disagreement with her parents, who did not approve of Beatrix getting married to somebody of lower social status. Sadly, Warne died before the marriage ceremony.\nUltimately Beatrix Potter began writing and also illustrating   kid's books full-time. Using profits from her books, Beatrix grew to become economically independent of her parents and was eventually in a position to buy Hill Top Farm in the Lake District. She extended the property with additional purchases of neighbouring land over time. In her 40's, Bestrix married William Heelis, a local lawyer. She ended up becoming a sheep breeder and farmer while continuing to publish as well as illustrate books for children. In all she authored 23 publications.\nBeatrix died on December 22, 1943, and left the majority of her property to the National Trust. Her books carry on selling well globally, in many different languages. Her stories have been retold in numerous formats including a ballet, movies, and cartoons.\nSuch is her reputation, and that of the characters from her publications, that many Beatrix Potter statues have been created. These tiny Beatrix Potter statues which include pretty much all the actual characters in her publications have become highly valued by art collects and fans of her literature throughout the world.", "id": "high15732.txt"}