{"answers": ["C", "C", "B", "D"], "options": [["show that it's necessary to set goals", "prove the disadvantages of setting goals", "suggest way of setting goals to reach success", "introduce how to reach success by setting high goals."], ["persuade readers not to be greedy for money", "prove that goals often result in frustration.", "show goal setting sometimes stops you realizing your dreams", "advise readers not to set goals to avoid frustration"], ["important", "unnecessary", "ridiculous", "natural"], ["The higher goals we set, the more success we'll achieve", "Goal setting is not always necessary and helpful", "We shouldn't set higher goals than other people", "Goals should be set for short term and long term."]], "questions": ["The purpose of the passage is to    _   .", "In Paragraph 2 , the writer used the example to    _   .", "According to the passage, always sticking to our goals is    _   .", "What belief does the writer most probably hold?"], "article": "It might sound ridiculous that goal setting could actually hold you back from completing tasks and dreams you may have. But it seems like everyone tells you should be setting goals for everything you want to accomplish, short term and long term. Goals can help you sometimes, but in some cases they just lead to constant frustration and they actually bring you down.\nLet's look at this a little closer with an example. A lot of people might set forth as a goal. Many people jump online and are looking to start a business online as a way to make money from home and let's say they set a goal to make $10,000 in their first month. They do this because they seem tons of people making large sums of money in very little time so they think, $10,000 a month, that shouldn't be too hard.\nBut what happens when you only bring in $1,000 in your first 30 days online? If this is pure profit you might still be happy but this is nowhere near reaching the goal you originally set out to meet. So naturally you would feel like you failed to reach your goal and you may be a little disappointed in yourself.\nIf you continue not to reach this goal month in month , it starts to add up and really weighs on you. I'm not saying that they are bad and you shouldn't set them but you need to realize that you should not be emotionally attached to your goals.\nAn alternative approach would be to set certain milestones for when you want to accomplish things and start out small. Build your confidence by accomplishing smaller feats and if you overproduce, then it will be a nice surprise. You have to have some sort of end result in mind but break it down in to a day by day task. It makes it a lot easier for you to handle by just knowing everyday you have to complete a few small tasks and over time the snowball will roll into great things.", "id": "high15754.txt"}