{"answers": ["D", "C", "C", "C"], "options": [["use the computer and the Internet regularly", "ask their parents to buy them cell-phones", "buy iPods to listen to music", "go to libraries to read more books"], ["They want their children to be cool.", "They think cell-phones be helpful to their study.", "They want to keep in touch with their children.", "They want their children to keep up to date."], ["cell-phones can be used to cheat on exams", "schoolchildren will send messages during class", "cell-phones can be used to record lessons", "schoolchildren might talk on them during class"], ["cell-phones are not useful to students", "teachers should let students use cell-phones", "it's better for teachers to change their teaching methods", "schoolchildren should follow the trends  of fashion"]], "questions": ["According to author, primary school children should   _   .", "Why do parents agree to buy their children cell-phones?", "The following are all reasons why many teachers dislike cell-phones EXCEPT    _   .", "We can infer from what Doug Johnson said that    _   ."], "article": "We live in a digital world now, and a student's technology needs have changed. For the early years, when you are in primary school, you can get by with no technology at all. Even if you have a computer, it's a good idea to get children familiar with libraries. At this age, trips to the library are like family outings.\nAs you get closer to middle school, a computer with Internet access becomes more of a necessity. Teachers will often give assignments that require a student to use the Internet for research. After a computer, technology choices for students become more difficult to make - especially when it comes to cell-phones. Kids will beg their parents for a cell-phone, especially in middle school. For many parents, it's a safety issue: They want to know that their kids can reach them quickly if necessary. For teachers, cell phones can be used to record lessons when students are absent. But many teachers dislike cell-phones. Some kids send messages or have talks in the class. Sending messages also raises the problem of cheating on exams. More and more schools are now forbidding the use of cell-phones.\nMany kids see iPods as necessary things to have. IPods are great for music, but do they do anything good for your children's education? Maybe they do.\ns the opinion of Doug Johnson, an educator for 30 years. Johnson says that educators should accept all new forms of technology in the classroom, including iPods. \"Some do more with their cell- phones than we can do with our laptops,\" he jokes. \"I don't think we should be afraid. The truth is that it's easier to change the way we teach than to change the technology habits of an entire generation.\"", "id": "high15761.txt"}