{"answers": ["C", "A", "B", "C", "D"], "options": [["Travel to Argentina", "Entertainments in Argentina", "Festivals in Argentina", "A brief introduction to Argentina"], ["welcomes everyone to take part in", "is held in summer", "is organized by the government", "holds parties for different dances"], ["The Semana Musical Llao Llao.", "Open Polo Tournament.", "The Tango Festival.", "Argentina Carnivals."], ["Buenos Aires in spring", "Palermo in April", "Bariloche in October", "Palermo in winter"], ["Tango Festival", "Open Polo Tournament", "Argentina Carnivals", "Argentina Spring Festival"]], "questions": ["What would be the best title for the passage?", "From the passage, we know that the Tango Festival   _   .", "Which of the following is a sport festival?", "If Tom wants to enjoy a classical music event in Argentina, he should visit    _    .", "Which festival is not mentioned in the massage?"], "article": "There are many festivals in Argentina  during the year. Therefore, you can enjoy the different interesting festivals when traveling there. First of all, we should talk about the Tango  Festival in Argentina, which is held in the capital of this country -- Buenos Aires, from February to March. You ought to know that Argentina is the home of tango, so Argentineans admire this dance very much. Even if you cannot dance perfectly, you should join the people and try to perform this dance.\nThe next festival in Argentina is Open Polo  Tournament. You should go to Palermo to see this festival in Argentina. This festival is held every year and is the most important polo tournament in Argentina. This kind of sport is considered the most important in Argentina. Attending this festival in Argentina, you will be able to communicate with different people, admire the fascinating competition between the teams of different countries, such as Argentina, England, Australia, as well as the US. This festival in Argentina is usually held between November and December every year. So don't miss the opportunity if you travel to Argentina at this time.\nThe other festival in Argentina is the Semana Musical Llao Llao. This is a festival of classical music. The festival was created in 1993 and is held at the Llao Llao Hotel, near Bariloche. The festival is held yearly in October. So if you admire this kind of music, you should travel to Argentina in October. There are also many carnivals in October.\nThere are also many carnivals in Argentina in summer. Of course, it's impossible to put everything about festivals in Argentina into just one article. We hope that you have found this article interesting and eye-catching.", "id": "high15762.txt"}