{"answers": ["B", "A", "C"], "options": [["require experience with local stations", "are harder to find than jobs with local stations", "are learned through training programs", "pay high salaries"], ["Applicants  with experience are preferred.", "There are fewer jobs.", "Training programs are limited.", "Higher pay is being offered."], ["start broadcasting", "give up broadcasting", "gain experience", "choose a special skill"]], "questions": ["According to the writer, jobs with the TV networks    _   .", "What is the result of the high demand for jobs in broadcasting?", "A student who follows the advice in the article would    _   ."], "article": "Radio, TV, film, and new video technology bring to mind visions of bright, exciting, high-paying careers. Many young people are attracted to wonder: Is there a place for me in the broadcast media field?\nPeople in the business warn that the road to a successful broadcast media career can be very rocky. They point out that getting started in the field is often difficult. To begin with, competition for most broadcast jobs can be fierce. Then, once on the job, the pressure is often big. Many jobs in broadcasting require long working hours, including nights and weekends. In most cases, the salaries are not very high.\nWhat can you do to prepare for a career in broadcast media? Getting some kind of broadcasting experience during high school or college can be extremely important. Because the field is so popular, many employers are in a position to select beginners with developed skills.\nYou can start by becoming familiar with media while still in high school. If there is a media resource department in your school, volunteer to do anything. If there is no media department, take photos of games and social events. Work on the drama productions or write for the school newspaper.\nMany beginners in broadcasting start at small local radio or TV stations. Such stations are usually more willing than the networks to take on people with little or no experience. Here, you have a chance to be involved in many aspects of the broadcast industry and get trained on the job.", "id": "high15760.txt"}