{"answers": ["C", "D", "C", "C"], "options": [["advises kids to spend less time watching TV", "explains why reading is good for us", "tells us that reading is good for children", "suggests that parents spend more time with their kids"], ["Because this is a good way to keep them away from television.", "Because it makes them become interested in going to school.", "Because it helps them learn much faster when they are older.", "Because it is usually the age when intellectual capabilities form."], ["the writer read a lot of books when he was a child", "parents should never force their children to do anything", "the formative years may begin at one and a half years old", "a child's formative years are earlier than before"], ["children should read all kinds of books", "children should only read books with pictures", "books can help children become cleverer", "bedtime stories make children love their parents more"]], "questions": [". This passage mainly   _  .", ".Why does introducing books to kids between 1 and 5 years old help them greatly?", ".It is implied in the passage that   _  .", ".In the writer's opinion,   _  ."], "article": "Remember those big, colorful books with large pictures of balls or apples when you were a little kid? Those have proven to be helpful, according to a number of studies. Between 1 and 5 years old, introducing books to Children can help greatly because this is usually the age when intellectual   capabilities form.\nAt age 1 to 5, a child can decide whether he wants to learn or wants to be a good learner. The road to learning starts here. Their curiosity   and imagination are fed with the many pictures, sounds and colors in the books.\nChildren normally began school at 5 years old. But today, they go to school when they are as young as one and a half years old. This is because many parents have recognized that influencing the child's formative years   is very important. The fight influence can make the child want to read in the future.\nParents should play a part in encouraging children to read. Even just reading them bedtime stories can help children feel the joy and amazement connected to reading. This can help them become better readers and better learners as they grow older.\nIf children are interested in reading books rather than watching television, they can improve many skills besides reading and learning. Books can act as stepping stones to intelligence. However, parents must be very careful not to overpower their children. If they force children to read books that are too hard to understand, they might think reading is boring and lose interest in it.", "id": "high1579.txt"}