{"answers": ["A", "B"], "options": [["Celebrations across the Country", "An Official Holiday in US", "The Largest Parade in the World", "History of Saint Patrick's Day"], ["Parade is a most important event to observe Saint Patrick's Day.", "Saluting the former president has become a main event on the occasion.", "Saint Patrick's Day is a religious holiday.", "The Saint Patrick's Day parade has a history of over 230 years."]], "questions": ["What's the best title of the passage?", "Which of the following is not correct according to the passage?"], "article": "As we know, on Saturday, millions of people around the world will celebrate Saint Patrick's Day, which honors Patron Saint (or main religious figure) of Ireland. Communities across the United States will host parades, parties, and other festivities to mark the occasion.\nThis year, cities like Boston, New York, and Chicago have organized massive events celebrating Saint Patrick's Day. In New York City, hundreds of thousands of people will gather to watch the Saint Patrick's Day parade--the nation's largest. It is one of the most watched parades in the world. Last year, almost 2 million spectators and more than 150,000 participants filled the streets. The parade, first held in 1776, is also one of the oldest.\nChicago also throws a big celebration. Every year, the Chicago River, which crosses the city, glows green as event organizers dump about 40 pounds of fluorescence, a powerful dye, into the water.\nBoston keeps its parade rolling for three hours or more. It is the nation's second-largest parade. The city will also salute one of its most famous former residents, President John F. Kennedy, by opening the exhibit \"A Journey Home: John F. Kennedy and Ireland,\" at his official library.\nPatron Saint lived in Britain in the early fifth century, when it was still part of the Roman Empire. He was captured and sold into slavery in Ireland when he was only 16.He eventually escaped slavery and turned to a life of religious devotion. He trained to become a minister and set out to spread Christianity throughout Ireland. After 30 years as a religious leader, Patrick died on March 17, 1461.Saint Patrick's Day is always celebrated on March 17.In Ireland, it is an official holiday.", "id": "high15812.txt"}