{"answers": ["D", "B", "A"], "options": [["attract more young people to join the army willingly", "make those married couples become rich quickly", "encourage people to loan more from the government", "encourage couples to have as many children as they could"], ["could make up or wear beautiful clothes", "were to have children and do housework", "could receive a good education at school", "were offered the equal rights as men"], ["The life of women in Nazi Germany", "The cruel rule of Hitler in Germany", "The marriage policy in Nazi Germany", "Hitler -- a powerful leader in Germany"]], "questions": ["The aim of the Law for the Encouragement of Marriage was to    _   .", "According to the passage, women in Nazi Germany    _   .", "Which of the following is a suitable title for the text?"], "article": "Women in Nazi Germany were to have a very special job. Hitler was very clear about this. This job was that they should be good mothers bringing up children at home while their husbands worked. Except for some special fields, Hitler saw no reason why a woman should work. Within months of Hitler coming to power, many female doctors, teachers and lawyers were\n. By the start of the Second World War, very few German women were in fulltime work. From their earliest years, girls were taught that all good German women married at a young age to a proper German and that the wife's job was to keep a good home for her working husband and to have children.\nOne of the earliest laws passed by Hitler once he came to power in 1933, was the Law for the Encouragement of Marriage. This law stated   that all newly married couples would get a government loan   of 1000 marks. This loan was not to be simply paid back. The birth of one child meant that 25% of the loan did not have to be paid back. Two children meant that 50% of the loan didn't need to be paid back. Four children meant that the entire loan was cleared.\nWhat was more, as housewives and mothers, their lives were controlled. Women were not expected to wear make-up or trousers. Only flat shoes were expected to be worn. Women were discouraged from slimming as this was considered bad for child birth.", "id": "high15825.txt"}