{"answers": ["C", "A", "C"], "options": [["how to deal with stress at mealtimes", "what kind of food can be easily digested", "eating when you're stressed can cause weight problems", "eating too much resulted"], ["Poor digestion cannot absorb much nutritional goodness from the food.", "People with poor digestion take in food and process all of it.", "When people feel stressed, the parasympathetic nervous system switches on.", "Poor digestion will not lead to overweight problems."], ["The body does not take in what they eat.", "The digestion system becomes incorrect.", "People cannot eat much when unhappy.", "The body will begin to absorb too much fat."]], "questions": ["The author wrote the passage to tell us_.", "In what way do poor digestion and stress cause body problems?", "Which is NOT the reason why people may have weight problems when eating with stress?"], "article": "Many people who are overweight have poor digestion . For the most part, poor digestion is not a habit given by our parents. We give it to ourselves through the way we eat.\nOh, poor digestion can lead to weight problems. Here's how: When a person feels stressed, the part of the central nervous system that connects digestion switches off. This is called the parasympathetic nervous system . At those times of stress, the body can take in food and  process some of it, but digestion doesn't work correctly to digest all the nutritional goodness from the food. Poor digestion is not always obvious by observing symptoms; you can get some illnesses but not always. Poor digestion can be seemingly silent.\nIf you eat when you are stressed, anxious, or nervous, you might as well be eating cardboard for all the nutrients your body gets. Yes, eating when stressed is a gaining situation. Now you might think, well, if I'm not digesting, the calories aren't getting handles, so I should be losing weight. Good idea, but wrong reality. When digestion is not proper, the body starts \"starving\" from lack of necessary nutrients . Yes, it goes into a starvation problem and starts absorbing  fat and energy. It thinks it's in a famine . The good news is that it's easy to make some corrections and get rid of stress at mealtimes.\nIf you feel stressed often, it can be helpful to take other food that contains multiple B vitamins. These help, but you could still find yourself stressed at mealtimes.", "id": "high15831.txt"}