{"answers": ["D", "C"], "options": [["the strong trees stand still to fight the early spring's cold nights", "some trees were cut down to make tents to live through the disaster", "the big tree standing still brings the local people good luck", "people there are brave and strong when facing the earthquake"], ["Yushu, a young town, was destroyed in the terrible earthquake.", "A huge earthquake once hit Yushu County in the Tang Dynasty.", "The whole nation does its best to help rebuild the new homeland.", "There was still electricity after the earthquake struck the town."]], "questions": ["In Paragraph 2, the writer refers to the meaning of \"Yushu\" to show that    _   .", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the text?"], "article": "At 7:49 a.m. local time on Wednesday, April 14th, a huge earthquake struck Yushu County in Qinghai, China, described as \"end of the earth\" in a famous poem of the Tang Dynasty.\nThe earthquake destroyed many houses, cut off power and caused over 2,000 deaths and injuries. On the night when the earthquake happened, many survivors had to sit or lie on the ground in terrible darkness. Some brought their own tents and others turned on the lights of motorcycles. It seemed that the earth was at an end. But their natural character made them get together to fight the early spring's cold nights. Facing the disaster, they chose to be stronger and standing still and firmly like Yushu, the name of their hometown meaning \"Standing like Trees\".\nThe disaster drew much attention both at home and abroad. Our country leaders ordered rescuers  to value every life and never to give up. Thousands of rescuers and medical teams rushed to Yushu from many areas of China, bringing machines, medicines and something necessary to the quake-hit town. They entered every village to search for survivors. Governments, organizations and volunteers are offering money and materials to the areas.\nWe believe that under the leadership of the Central Government, people in the disaster areas are sure to restore production and rebuild homeland as soon as possible. And the overall victory can be achieved in the earthquake rescue work.", "id": "high15856.txt"}