{"answers": ["A", "B", "C", "A"], "options": [["A true apology needs sincere actions.", "HP should recall all the faulty computers.", "Good quality makes a good company.", "A company should apologize and pay for their mistakes."], ["make an apology face to face honestly", "admit we were wrong and try to make the wrong right", "take the responsibility for apologizing to others", "choose the easiest thing to do"], ["it's never too late to say \"I'm sorry.\"", "writing an apology is not a good idea", "Henry didn't identify his fault.", "the football fans were mad with Henry."], ["What really puts things right", "Don't apologize easily", "Making an apology -- no one is out of exception", "How to judge an apology -- sincere enough?"]], "questions": ["What does the author intend to tell us in the case of HP?", "According to the author, when we do anything wrong we firstly    _   .", "We can infer from the case of Thierry Henry that    _    .", "What's the best title of this passage?"], "article": "Making an apology is not the same as making amends. Sometimes we apologize just because it's the easiest thing to do. What's actually important is to identify where we go wrong, take full responsibility for our mistakes and , if possible, try to make up for them.\nA recent case involving Hewlett-Packed, the US computer giant, shows the importance of presenting a sincere apology. The Chinese consumers who had bought notebook computers of certain models, which have been put on Chinese market since 2007, suffered a massive flash screen failures and overheating problems. Through investigation, Chinese AQSIQ   identified these HP computers had quality problems and HP admitted this. HP made a proposal that they would extend the warranty   period of such computers, but this could not satisfied the consumers. What they needed was a thorough description of the truth. HP has \"sincerely\" apologized. But the consumers remain angry, and say that only a product recall -- as HP has done in the past -- will prove that the apology is sincere.\nAnother apology that fell flat on its face was that of Thierry Henry, the famous French footballer. His deliberate handball in November 2009 created the goal which knocked Ireland out of the 2010 World Cup. The incident caused great anger in the football world, and eventually Henry issued an apology. Two days later, he wrote, \"I'm not the referee...but if I hurt someone I'm sorry.\" Better late than never, perhaps, but even then he passed the blame onto the referee!\nSuch high-profile cases, which attract a lot of publicity often under the spotlight, but similar incidents occur in our everyday lives. Stress caused by schoolwork and tiredness can sometimes result in outbursts of anger against friends and family. Have you ever lost your temper for minor reasons? After calming down, most people are quick to realize their mistake and apologize. But it's just as important to identify what caused the error in the first place and take action to ensure it doesn't happen again.\nNo one should hold a negative attitude to making a sincere apology. Empty words are easy to say, but they are as useless as they sound. A real show of remorse(;)demands hard work and\nto put error right.", "id": "high15888.txt"}