{"answers": ["A", "D", "B"], "options": [["Fu Xiaoyu's parents can't earn enough money to send her to school.", "Huang Ruoqing and Zhang Linna talked with 29 children this summer during their research.", "Some left-behind kids live with uncles, aunts, or grandparents and others live by themselves.", "More than half of the left-behind kids prefer their parents' staying away working."], ["Fu Yuan's parents send him 500 yuan every 2 or 3 months", "Huang Ruoqing and Zhang Linna wrote an essay according to the left-behind kids' stories", "Many left-behind kids love studying and going to school in spite of many hardships", "The time that the left-behind kids spend on housework is more than that on study"], ["Kids Are Left Alone", "The True Story of Home Alone", "Kids Miss Parents", "Parents and Kids"]], "questions": ["Which of the following statements is NOT TRUE according to the passage?", "It is implied but not directly stated that    _", "Which of the following is the best title of the passage?"], "article": "FU Yuan has been left at home with his grandparents since he was one month old. His mom and dad left to work in Fujian Province. For the past eight years, Fu has only seen his parents three times although they send home 500 yuan every two or three months.\nFu Xiaoyu, 16, has had to live alone since her grandmother passed away three years ago. Her parents do not want to renounce their jobs at a clothing factory in Guangdong Province. Nor can they afford the cost of sending her to a school in the city where they work.\nThese are just two of the 29 kids that 16-year-olds Huang Ruoqing and Zhang Linna at Beijing No 4 High School talked with this summer in Guixiang Village in Sichuan Province.\nWhat Huang and Zhang learned from their three-day visit shocked them. They wrote down all the kids' stories in a moving 40-page essay filled with statistical charts. \nIn the poor village with a population of 2,118 people, 582 adults have left to find work, leaving 156 children without parents. Among these so-called left-behind kids, 88 percent of them live with their grandparents, five percent live with uncles or aunts and seven percent have to live on their own.\nTo Huang and Zhang's surprise, 80 percent of the children said they love going to school. Even\nthough, some children have to walk along the hilly roads for two hours to get there.\nHowever, for this village's students studying is not their first task. Housework, such as helping feed pigs or buffalos  and taking care of old grandparents, younger sisters or brothers, takes up a considerable amount of their time.\nDespite having to work hard at home, over 65 percent of the young interviewees would prefer their parents' stay away working rather than returning to live with them.\n\"These kids are understanding and considerate and know how important money is for their families. Their little wishes like having dinner with their parents inspire us never to take what we have had for granted,\" Zhang said.", "id": "high15884.txt"}