{"answers": ["A", "B"], "options": [["You should stay away from the kitchen.", "You should drive on a bridge.", "You should turn off the power.", "You should listen to the radio frequently."], ["The local people's life will return to normal in a week.", "There will be more earthquakes in a short time.", "There won't be any earthquakes in a short time.", "The local people will stay at home waiting for help."]], "questions": ["What should you do when an earthquake happens?", "What will probably happen after a big earthquake?"], "article": "Do you know how to prepare for and survive a major earthquake? According to Department of Conservation scientists, it is important to have the right answer to that question.\nHow to Be Prepared\nElectricity, water, gas and telephones may not be working after an earthquake. The police and fire departments are likely to be tied up. You should be prepared to\nyourself at least three days,preferably for a week. You'll need food, water and so on. It's also a good idea to decide ahead of time how and where your family will reunite if separated during a quake. You might choose an out-of-the-area friend or relative that family members can call to check on you.\n  _  \nIf you're indoors, stay there. Get under a desk or table. The kitchen is a particularly dangerous spot. If you're in an office building, stay away from windows and outside walls and do not use the elevator. If you're outside, get into the open. Stay clear of buildings, power lines or anything else that could fall on you. If you're driving, move the car out of traffic and stop. Avoid parking under or on bridges or overpasses.\nAfter an Earthquake\nCheck for fire. If you smell gas, shut off the main gas valve . If there's sign of damage to electricial wiring, shut off the power at the control box. If the phone is working, only use it in case of emergency . Avoid driving if possible to keep the streets clear for emergency vehicles. Be careful that things may fall out of cupboards when the door is opened, and also that chimneys can be weakened and fall with just a touch. Listen to the radio for important information and instructions. Remember that aftershocks, sometimes large enough to cause damage in their own right, generally follow large quakes. If you leave home, leave a message telling your friends and family your location.", "id": "high15883.txt"}