{"answers": ["C", "B", "A", "D"], "options": [["The grandma was too old to rush out of the room.", "The little girl and her grandpa lived on the second floor.", "To rescue the little girl, her grandma died in the fire.", "The grandma and the little girl cried for help loudly on the first floor."], ["He returned to his work.", "He left the girl to the crowd and left quickly.", "He was injured and went to the hospital.", "He took the girl home."], ["decide who would adopt the girl", "find out who had rescued the girl", "decide how the girl would be raised", "honor the hero who had saved the girl"], ["People didn't want to help the little girl at first.", "The man who had saved the girl was a fireman.", "The rich man would buy everything the girl needed.", "The girl recognized the man and was happy to be adopted by him."]], "questions": ["Which of the following statements is TRUE?", "What did the man do when he had saved the little girl?", "The meeting was held there in order to    _    .", "What can we learn from the passage?"], "article": "One night, the first floor of the house suddenly caught fire. The fire was big, and soon became a sea of fire. On the second floor lived a little girl and her grandmother; the little girl's parents had died, and she lived together with her grandma. In order to rescue the little girl, the grandmother was burned to death, leaving the little girl crying for help loudly.\nHow could people enter the house? At the very moment, a man carrying a ladder rushed to the flames and got into the window. When he appeared again in the eyes of the people, the little girl was in his arms. He gave the child to the crowd, and then disappeared into the night.\nThis little girl had no family. Two months later a meeting was held to find a person to adopt   the girl. A teacher was willing to adopt this child, and said she could give her the best education; a farmer wanted to adopt this child, saying that village life would let the child grow up healthily and happily; a rich man said, \"I can give the child everything that others can do.\"\nA lot of people who wanted to adopt this child said about many benefits of their adopting the child. But the little girl's face had no expression. At this time, a man, through the crowd, walked straight in front of the little girl, and opened his arms for the little girl. People were puzzled, and they found that the man had terrible scars on his arms. The little girl let out a cry, \"This is the man who saved me!\" She suddenly jumped up, and buried her face in his arms and sobbed. Naturally the man adopted the girl.", "id": "high15899.txt"}