{"answers": ["C", "B", "D", "A", "D"], "options": [["the largest country in the world", "as large as Shanghai .", "not as large as China .", "the largest island in the north of the earth ."], ["too enough laws to fight pollution .", "so many laws that it can fight pollution .", "enough laws that it can hardly fight pollution .", "enough laws because the pollution is very serious ."], ["Perth is famous for its beautiful wild flowers .", "Perth is bigger than any other city in Western Australia .", "Perth lies in the west of Australia .", "No other city is larger than Perth in Australia ."], ["October", "January", "May", "July ."], ["Australia is famous for its sheep , kangaroos and wild flowers .", "We ran back to the car because we were in the middle of white sheep .", "Three hundred sheep came towards us because they saw us .", "If you go to the countryside in Australia , you will see a large number of whit sheep ."]], "questions": ["Australia is    _    .", "The government had made    _    .", "Which of the following NOT true ?", "In Perth you may visit a wild flowers' show in   _    .", "Which of the following is true ?"], "article": "Do you know Australia ? Australia is the largest island in the world . It is a little smaller than China . It is in the south of the earth .Australia is big , but its population is not large . The population of Australia is nearly as large as that of Shanghai .\nThe government has made enough laws to fight pollution . The cities in Australia have got little air or water pollution .The sky is blue and the water is clean . You can clearly see fish swimming in the rivers . Plants grow very well .\nLast month we visited Perth , the biggest city in Western Australia , and went to a wild flowers' exhibition . There we saw a large number of wild flowers we had never seen before . We had a wonderful time .Perth is famous for its beautiful wild flowers .In spring every year Perth has the wild flowers' exhibition .After visiting Perth, we spent the day in the countryside . We sat down and had a rest near a path at the foot of a hill .It was quiet and we enjoyed ourselves . Suddenly we heard bells ringing at the top of the hill .What we saw made us pick up all our things and run back to the car as quickly as we could .There were about three hundred sheep coming towards us down the path .\nAustralia is famous for its sheep and kangaroos  . After a short drive from any town , you will find yourself in the middle of white sheep . Sheep , sheep , everywhere are sheep .", "id": "high15941.txt"}