{"answers": ["A", "C"], "options": [["human communication means information exchange", "human communication involves people's participation", "information is now experiencing a revolution", "information helps people gather together"], ["It made the mass communication truly develop.", "It helped the mass communication develop in cities.", "It kept people timely informed about home and world events.", "It kept reliable information available in big cities."]], "questions": ["Information is considered the center of human communication because    _   .", "What was the historical contribution of the newspaper as a source of information?"], "article": "Information has always been at the center of human communication. You may ask why. Well, communication between people contains giving and receiving information. The way we give and receive information today has experienced a revolution in the development of the mass media in the 20th century.\nThe first truly mass communication medium was the newspaper. For the first time in history, people could read about events in their country and from around the world every day. However, there were two problems with newspapers of that time. Firstly, newspapers were available only in large cities, for getting newspapers to the countryside was a difficult and time-consuming  task. Secondly, newspapers weren't always reliable, as there was a limited range of opinions.\nNowadays, we can choose from a wide variety of sources to get information. Television and the Internet have given us the chance to be informed about everything the minute it happens. Large numbers of radio and TV stations, satellite channels and millions of websites help people keep up with the latest news. People live in history and are part of it.\nThe media have come a long way in the last century and there is no doubt that we now live in the information age.  Whatever type of media we choose, it all comes down to the need for information. This will always be a basic need as long as communication is part of human nature.", "id": "high15958.txt"}