{"answers": ["C", "A", "D", "C"], "options": [["Critical.", "Uninterested.", "Supportive.", "Neutral."], ["an unwelcome influence", "difficult to do well", "not trustworthy at all", "never successful"], ["getting people to act according to your will", "exercising power over other people", "making use of your past wise experience", "getting other people to consider your reasonable points of view."], ["we can learn how to persuade in school", "only society can benefit from persuasion", "persuasion plays an important role in America", "persuasion is considered to be an inborn ability"]], "questions": ["What's the author's attitude towards persuasion?", "The passage states that some people are against persuasion because they think it is    _    .", "We can conclude from the passage that persuasion means    _    .", "According to the passage, we can infer that    _    ."], "article": "What does it mean to day that we live in world of persuasion? It means that we live among competing interests. Your roommate's need to study for an exam take priority over pizza. Your instructor may have good reasons not to change your grade. And the object of your romantic interest may have other choices.\nIn such a world, persuasion is the art of getting others to give fair and favorable consideration to our points of view. When we persuade, we want to influence what others believe and how they behave. We may not always prevail --other points of view may be more persuasive, depending on the listener, the situation, and the merits of the case. But when we practice the art of persuasion, we try to ensure that our position receives the attention it deserves.\nSome people, however, object to the very idea of persuasion. They may regard it as an unwelcome approach to their lives or as a control. In contrast, we believe that persuasion is inevitable--to live is to persuade. Persuasion may be moral or immoral, selfless or selfish, inspiring or discouraging. Persuaders may enlighten our minds or make us hurt. Moral persuasion, however, calls on sound reasoning and is sensitive to the feelings and needs of listeners. Such persuasion can help us apply the wisdom of the past to the decisions we now must make. Therefore, an essential part of education is learning to resist the one kind of persuasion and to encourage and practice the other.\nBeyond its personal importance to us, persuasion is a need to society. The right to persuade and be persuaded is the basic principle of the American political system.", "id": "high15951.txt"}