{"answers": ["A", "D", "B", "D"], "options": [["Mumtaz", "Shah", "Mumtaz or Shah", "Mumtaz and Shah"], ["1658", "1662", "1665", "1654"], ["She gave birth to 14 children for her husband.", "She gave important advice to her husband.", "She asked her son to imprison his father.", "She planned to build the world's greatest monument."], ["He was killed by his own son.", "He lost his power as a result of the Taj Mahal.", "He put his own son into prison.", "He hoped to be buried together with his wife."]], "questions": ["The Taj Mahal was built for    _   .", "The Taj Mahal was completed in    _   .", "What was unusual for Mumtaz Mahal according to the passage?", "Which of the following is TRUE about Shah Jehan?"], "article": "Few buildings on earth can compete with the legendary beauty of the Taj Mahal. Towering over the ancient Indian city of Agra, the Taj Mahal is the grandest monument   to love ever created.\nThe lovers in this story are the 17th century Indian emperor Shah Jehan and his wife Mumtaz Mahal. She took a leading role in advising him, which is something unusual for a woman to do for a husband who's an emperor. Over the course of their nineteen-year marriage she gave birth to 14 children. But in 1631 while trying to deliver their fifteenth -- she tragically died. He was heartbroken when she died. And after her death, he decided to build the world's greatest monument ever built, for love.\nHe ordered the royal architects to design the most beautiful building the world had known and decided to name it after his beloved, Mumtaz Mahal. He called on twenty thousand workers and sent many more people to all corners of his country in search of valuable metals and jewels. And after seventeen years of hard work, Shah Jehan's monument was completed and his beloved empress was moved to her final resting place.\nEverything had gone according to plan, but Shah Jehan's luck was about to change ... In 1658, just four years after the completion of the Taj Mahal, he was thrown out of power. Unfortunately, his son, Aran Azibe imprisoned him, his own father. And he spent the last seven years of his life in prison. And he was allowed to look at the Taj Mahal through a window. His life was in ruins, but when he died his last wish was promised. He was buried beside his beloved wife in the Taj Mahal.", "id": "high15964.txt"}