{"answers": ["D", "C", "A"], "options": [["to drive with a companion", "to have personal independence", "to gain certain responsibility", "to share trust and cooperation"], ["the approaching car was very dangerous", "they both drove their car at a terrific speed", "he might be killed out of the other's careless driving", "it was dark and the road was not wide enough"], ["people's fates can't be controlled by themselves", "certain viruses can spread in a quick way", "terrorism can happen everywhere and every day", "the world has become much more dangerous"]], "questions": ["The author considers it very important   _  .", "The author said that they depended on each other in the same way because   _  .", "The need for cooperation increases because   _  ."], "article": "One night recently, I was driving down a two-lane highway at about 60 miles an hour. A car approached from the opposite direction at about the same speed. As we passed each other, I caught the other driver's eye for only a second. I wondered whether he might be thinking, as I was, how dependent we were on each other at that moment. I was relying on him not to fall asleep, not to be distracted   by a phone conversation, not to cross over into my lane and bring my life to a sudden end. Though we had never spoken a word to each other, he relied on me in just the same way.\nMultiplied a million times over, I believe that is the way the world works. At some level, we all depend upon one another. Sometimes that dependence requires us simply not to do something like crossing over the double yellow line. And sometimes it requires us to act cooperatively, with friends or even with strangers.\nAs technology makes our world smaller and smaller, the need increases for cooperative action among nations. In 2003, doctors in five nations were quickly organized to identify the SARS virus, which saved thousands of lives. The threat of international terrorism has shown itself to be a similar problem, one requiring team action by police and intelligence forces across the world. We must recognize that our fates are not ours alone to control.\nIn my own life, I used to put great stock in personal responsibility. But, as time has passed, I've also come to believe that there are moments when one must rely upon the good faith and judgment of others. So, while each of us faces the case of driving alone down a dark road, what we must learn with experience is that the approaching light may not be a threat, but a shared moment of trust.", "id": "high1596.txt"}