{"answers": ["C", "D", "A"], "options": [["introducing his university life to the teenage readers", "encouraging those lazy students to study hard at school", "showing you can overcome any difficulty if you take action", "calling on the readers not to develop bad habits in college"], ["he entered the engineering school", "he was in heavy debt he couldn't bear", "he decided to give up smoking", "his allowance was cut in half"], ["Students tended to earn money for college expenses in America.", "The author did well in making good friends in the school.", "The author made great progress with the help of his friends.", "Students were encouraged to do part-time jobs in Indian schools."]], "questions": ["The author wrote this text with the purpose of    _   .", "The author didn't care about his study until    _   .", "Which of the following statements is TRUE?"], "article": "I still remember the days when I was a youthful student in an engineering school. I lived a casual life, without caring about the future. I smoked, drank with friends and made girl friends. Little did I realize that casualness would certainly lead to loss.\nTwo years had passed and I was staring down a report card that highlighted FAIL in more than half the subjects. I didn't care, at least not till my dad found out about it. You see, I studied in India and unlike the United States where the students are expected to finance their own education, my dad financed me.\nThen came the day when my dad found out my habit of smoking. He lost his temper but he just told me, \"Son, your allowance is cut in half from this moment on\". It hit me like a roundhouse kick   from Bruce Lee. I was jolted   out of my bones! I couldn't comprehend how to pay off the debts that I had accumulated in college. I owed everybody money: the grocery store, the bars, the restaurants, my friends, etc. I was living a life filled with credit.\nWhen I went back to college, I knew that if I don't change the way I live my life I won't be able to pay everybody off. So I decided to make some changes, drastic changes. I quit smoking, cut off from my friends who led me down the wrong road, starting hanging out in libraries and reading my engineering books.\nOne year later, I went from a miserable failure to a magna cum laude  .\n. This incident made me know that anything is possible if you take action and do something about it, however small or large. Even today it still motivates me when I feel that I'm about to lose or give up. It reminds me that I can do it!", "id": "high15980.txt"}