{"answers": ["C", "B", "C"], "options": [["There are more services on the train than any other", "Traveling by train is the quickest way to reach your destination.", "Traveling by train gives people more time to see and do things.", "The trains like Amtrak allow people to enjoy the journey cheaply."], ["Sleeping areas.", "Snack bars.", "Sightseeing lounges.", "Coach seats."], ["There are lines of windows on the lower level.", "The snack bar is on the higher level.", "A sightseeing lounge is on the upper level.", "Both levels are equipped with videos."]], "questions": ["What's the advantage of seeing America by train?", "Which of the following can be found on short-distance Amtrak trains?", "Which of the following about Superliners is true?"], "article": "Taking the train is a wonderful way to see America. In the 19th century, train routes appeared from coast to coast, carrying both people and goods Today, a long-distance Amtrak train trip is a different way to experience the United States.\nThe long-distance Amtrak trains have lots of room. Coach seats have lots of leg room and wide aisles ,sightseeing lounges  have large windows, and sleeping areas can provide a good night's rest. On a train trip, there's time to talk, play cards or board games, and read to one another. On a car trip, parents have to drive while on a train, parents can sit back and watch the scenery go by. Unlike an airplane, traveling by train is not the quickest way to arrive at your destination; the train is the destination in itself.\nAmtrak manages long-distance trains that run through the United States. Routes have different names, such as Empire Builder, California Zephyr, Sunset Limited and Southwest Chief. The long-distance trains have double-decker cars(Superliners), sightseeing lounges, and a real dining car. On shorter trains, such as from New York to Washington. DC, the cars are single level and only have a snack bar. In the Superliner trains, the sightseeing lounge is lined with windows on the second level while on the lower level a snack bar and tables can be found. In the evening, videos are shown in the lounge car--either entertaining movies or documentaries.\nTip: As delays are common on Amtrak trains, always call the station before you go there. Otherwise,\n.", "id": "high15985.txt"}