{"answers": ["B", "A", "A"], "options": [["To write some great books.", "To stay away from busy schedules.", "To teach his grandchildren.", "To plan for his future."], ["He wasn't satisfied with his retired life.", "He couldn't refuse his colleague's favor.", "He was concerned about the people there.", "He missed his students in that country."], ["Meaningful.", "Troublesome.", "Relaxing.", "Disappointing."]], "questions": ["What did the writer expect to do after he retired?", "Why did the writer decide to go to Jamaica?", "What does the writer think of his retired life now?"], "article": "Being the head of a high school for many years, I grew tired of budget meetings, funding cuts, and many other administrative chores . I started to dream of retirement. Sitting in traffic on a weekday morning, I would find my mind wandering. I would imagine spending time with my grandchildren, quiet evenings with my wife, traveling, or rediscovering some great books. I told myself that I wouldn't sign myself up for any committees, any classes, or anything requiring a schedule.\nMy first day of retirement came at last! I cooked a great breakfast for my wife and me, leisurely read the paper, cleaned a bit of the house, and wrote a few letters to friends. On the second day, I cooked breakfast, read the paper... On the third day, ... This is retirement? I tried to tell myself that it was just the transition , that those golden moments were right round the corner, and that I would enjoy them soon enough. But something was missing.\nA former colleague asked a favor. A group of students was going to Jamaica to work with children in the poorest neighborhoods. Would I interrupt my newfound \"happiness\" and return to the students, just this once? One trip. That's all. My bags were packed and by the door.\nThe trip was very inspiring. I was moved not only by the poverty I saw but also by the sense of responsibility of the young people on the trip. When I returned home, I offered to work one day a week with a local youth organization. The experience was so positive that I was soon volunteering nearly full-time, working with students across North America to assist them in their voluntary work.\nNow, it seems,\n. Some days I am the teacher, other days I am the student. These young people have reawakened my commitment  to social justice issues by challenging me to learn more about the situation in the world today, where people are still poor and suffer because of greed, corruption and war. Most important, they have given me the opportunity to continue to participate in helping to find solutions. In return, I help them do their charitable projects overseas. I've gone from running one school to helping oversee the construction of schools in twenty-one countries!", "id": "high15998.txt"}