{"answers": ["D", "B"], "options": [["Happiness Is a Frustration", "Happiness Is a Destination", "Happiness Is a Dream", "Happiness is a Process"], ["setting our imagination free", "enjoying our present life", "finding our own shortcut to success", "facing obstacles and challenges bravely"]], "questions": ["The most proper title for the passage should be   _   .", "The writer thinks    _   is a real happiness"], "article": "We let ourselves believe that life will be better once we are married, have a baby, then another. Then we get frustrated because our children are not old enough and that all will be well when they are older. Then we are frustrated because they reach teenage years and we must deal with them. Surely we'll be happier when they grow out of the teen years.\nWe tell ourselves our life will be better when our spouse   gets his/her act together, when we have a nicer car, when we can take a vacation, when we finally retire. The truth is that there is no better time to be happy than right now. If not, then when? Your life will always be full of challenges. It is better to admit as much and to decide to be happy in spite of it all.\nFor the longest time, it seemed that life was about to start--real life.\nBut there were always some obstacles along the way, an ordeal   to get through, some work to be finished, some time to be given, a bill to be paid. Then life would start. I finally realized that those obstacles were part of life. Little by little, that point of view also helped me see that there isn't any road to happiness.\nHappiness is the road. So, enjoy every moment. And keep in mind that   _  . So stop waiting for school to end, for a return to school, to lose ten pounds, to gain ten pounds, for work to begin, to get married, for Friday evening, for Sunday morning, waiting for a new car, for your mortgage  to be paid off, for spring, for summer, for fall, for winter, for the first or the fifteenth of the month, for your song to be played on the radio, to die, to be reborn... before deciding to be happy.\nHappiness is a voyage, not a destination. There is no better time to be happy than... NOW! Live and enjoy the moment.", "id": "high15995.txt"}