{"answers": ["D", "B", "D", "A"], "options": [["careless bicycle riders", "people walking in the street", "irresponsible drivers", "irresponsible manufacturers of automobiles"], ["To give an example of the various reasons for road accidents.", "To show how important it is for drivers to be emotionally healthy.", "To show some of the inaccurate statements by researchers.", "To show the hidden tensions in the course of driving"], ["To show that the motor vehicle is a very dangerous invention.", "To promote understanding between careless drivers and street walkers.", "To discuss traffic problems and suggest possible solutions.", "To warn drivers of the importance of safe driving."], ["Doubtful yet still longing for.", "Happy and rather confident.", "Surprised and very pleased.", "Disappointed and not concerned."]], "questions": ["The following is mentioned as being responsible for the road accidents except    _    .", "Why does the author mention the psychological condition of the driver in Paragraph 3?", "What is the author's main purpose in writing this passage?", "Which of the following best reflects the author's attitude toward a future without traffic accident problems?"], "article": "The motor vehicle has killed and disabled more people in its brief history than any bomb or weapon ever invented. Much of the blood on the street flows essentially from uncivil behavior of drivers who refuse to respect the legal and moral rights of others. So the massacre   on the road may be regarded as a social problem .\nIn fact, the enemies of society on wheels are rather harmless people just ordinary people acting carelessly, you might say. But it is a principle both of law and common morality that carelessness is no excuse when one's actions could bring death or damage to others. A minority of the killers go even beyond carelessness to total negligence  .\nResearchers have pointed out that as many as 80 percent of all automobile accidents can result from the psychological condition of the driver. Emotional upsets can affect drivers' reactions, slow their judgment, and blind them to dangers that might otherwise be clear. The experts warn that it is important for every driver to make a conscious effort to keep one's emotion under control.\nYet the irresponsibility that accounts for much of the problem is not only caused by drivers. Street walkers regularly go against traffic rules, they are to blame in most vehicle walker accidents , and many cyclists even believe that they don't obey the basic rules of the road.\nSignificant legal advances have been made towards safer driving in the past few years. Safety standards for vehicle have been raised both at the point of manufacture   and through regular road-worthiness inspections  . In addition, speed limits have been lowered. Due to these measures, the accident rate has decreased. But the accident experts still worry because there has been little or no improvement in the way drivers behave. The only real and lasting solution, say the experts, is to convince people that driving is a skilled task requiring constant care and concentration. Those who fail to do all these things present a threat to those with whom they share the road.", "id": "high15996.txt"}