{"answers": ["D", "C"], "options": [["to prove Americans have less food to choose from", "to show us the shopping habits of most Americans", "to indicate Americans tend to buy food from abroad", "to remind people to reconsider their food purchase"], ["Americans all prefer to buy cherry tomatoes from Mexico.", "The plant-based diet is responsible for the climate change.", "Americans have a variety of food to choose from.", "Organic produce is the only choice for Americans."]], "questions": ["In Paragraph 2 the author puts forward three questions mainly    _   .", "According to the text, which of the following is true?"], "article": "Making greener choices and encouraging healthy lifestyles can promote your health and benefit the environment. Here are some guidelines to follow:\nChoose foods thoughtfully\nAmericans have never had such a variety or abundance of food to choose from. Besides so many choices, we now hear about our \"food print\", the amount of land needed to supply one person's nutritional needs for a year. Do we buy cherry tomatoes from Mexico or tomatoes grown locally in a hothouse? Do we get the Granny Smiths from the farmers' market or the supermarket? Is organic produce healthier for us and the planet?\nThese are very complex issues that require analysis of many criteria, including the energy used in producing and transporting the food, as well as the type of soil and methods of raising the food.\nDespite the complexities, there are some general guidelines you can follow. For instance, eat less meat or eat low on the food chain. Your doctor may have recommended you to restrict your consumption of red meat because of its too much fat content. Beyond that, there are environmental reasons, too. Raising food animals contributes substantially to climate change because a meat-based diet requires more land, energy and water than a plant-based one.\n  _  \nDrinking plenty of fluids is significant during hot weather or when exercising. But is bottled water the way to go? You may not think so when seeing the true costs. Based on a survey, manufacturing the 30-plus billion plastic water bottles can produce more than 2.5 million tons of carbon dioxide and use three times the amount of water in the bottle. Adding in transportation, the energy used comes to over 50 million barrels of oil equivalent  . Consequently, skip the bottled water and drink tap water, both at home and at restaurants. Additionally, bottled water is not necessarily cleaner than tap.", "id": "high16005.txt"}