{"answers": ["C", "A", "D"], "options": [["Traffic jam is unavoidable in any cities.", "Traffic jam is both a sign of failure and a sign of success.", "Traffic jam is one of the consequences of successful cities.", "Traffic jam is a cause of economic decline."], ["declining", "developing", "rich and successful", "strong and healthy"], ["The traffic jam in the two cities has been worsened.", "New York and Los Angeles are the least successful cities in the US.", "It is easier to reach major brokerage houses in the two cities than in other cities.", "Despite the traffic jam in LA, you'll find a satellite-guidance engineer more quickly there."]], "questions": ["According to the passage, what's the author's opinion towards traffic jam?", "By saying \"decaying\" (in Para. 4), the writer probably means  _  .", "According to this article, which statement about \"New York\" and \"Los Angeles\" is true?"], "article": "Traffic jam and cities, it seems, go hand in hand. Everyone complains about being stuck in traffic; but, like the weather, no one seems to do anything about it. In particular, traffic engineers, transportation planners, and public officials responsible for transportation systems in large cities are frequently criticized for failing to solve traffic jam.   But is traffic jam a sign of failure? Long queues at restaurants or theater box offices are seen as signs of success. Should transportation systems be viewed any differently? I think we should recognize that traffic jam is an unpreventable by-product of successful cities, and view the \"traffic problem\" in a different light.\nCities exist because they promote social interactions and economic transactions.Traffic jam occurs where there are lots of people but limited spaces. Culturally and economically successful cities have the worst traffic problems, while _ cities don't have much traffic. New York and Los Angeles are America's most crowded cities. But if you want access to major brokerage houses  , you will find them easier to reach in crowded New York than in any other large cities. And if your firm needs access to post-production film editors or satellite-guidance engineers, you will reach them more quickly through the crowded freeways of LA than through less crowded roads elsewhere.\nDespite traffic jam, a larger number and wider variety of social interactions and economic transactions can be made perfect in large, crowded cities than elsewhere. Seen in this sight, traffic jam is an unfortunate consequence of prosperity, not a cause of economic decline and urban decay.\nSo while we can consider traffic jam as increasing costs on the areas of big cities, the costs of inaccessibility   in uncrowded places are almost certainly greater.\nThere is no doubt that traffic jam brings the terrible economic and environmental damage in places like Bangkok, Jakarta, and Lagos. But mobility is far higher and traffic jam levels are far lower here in the US, even in our most crowded cities. That's why, for now, we don't see people and capital streaming out of San Francisco and Chicago, heading for cities like California, and Illinois.", "id": "high1601.txt"}