{"answers": ["C", "A", "D", "A"], "options": [["Advantages of starting a timetable", "Keep to it, and you will succeed", "Make a schedule, and follow it", "Learn to love your timetable"], ["Tips for making a schedule.", "Significance of a scientific timetable.", "Requirements for making a timetable.", "Importance of following one's schedule."], ["it can be changed", "it is flexible", "it is of many periods", "it can save our time"], ["shift subjects and use different methods regularly", "devote to the same material continuously", "turn to teachers for help if necessary", "have a break every thirty minutes"]], "questions": ["What is the best title of the passage?", "What does Paragraph 2 talk about?", "The following are characteristics of a good timetable EXCEPT that    _    .", "From this passage, we can learn if we wish to achieve high learning efficiency, we'd better    _    ."], "article": "The words \"timetable\" and \"schedule\" make most final year students want to eat their own vomit. Unfortunately, the harsh reality is that final year students must develop a timetable. If you don't have a schedule or plan for studying, you will have no way of allocating your valuable time when the unexpected arises. A well-thought-out timetable can be a lifesaver. It is up to you to learn how to develop a schedule that meets your needs. Change it if necessary, but most important, follow it . All timetables should be made with the idea that they can be changed. A good one will keep you from wandering off course.\nA good timetable should make every hour count--every class ,social event and other activity you engage in .You must focus on the other \"free time\" available and how you will use it .Make a weekly schedule and divided each day into one-hour increments. Indicate times for classes, socializing, and work time. Also block off a period for sleeping every day. In the precious hours left over, plan time for study. This gives you a rough road map of the time available. Of course, you can change your schedule as circumstances need.\nThe timetable you develop should guide you in how to distribute the available time in the most productive manner. Sticking to your schedule can be tough, but don't dribble away valuable time. Avoiding study is the easiest thing in the world. It is up to you to follow the schedule you've prepared. A good deal of your success in high school and with any future study depends on this simple truth.\nRemember, there is a learning curve. You learn the most in the first 30 minutes of study; after that, it progressively deteriorates. After four or five hours of studying the same material in the same way, you are learning virtually nothing. The solution is to keep switching subjects and study styles.", "id": "high16015.txt"}