{"answers": ["A", "D", "A"], "options": [["Because they have a \"disease\".", "Because they are busy for the university.", "Because it is illegal for them to work.", "There's too much for them to learn in high school."], ["School work.", "Voting for the film star.", "Singing or dance contests.", "Senior Show and Senior Prom."], ["All students are allowed to perform in the Senior Show.", "The yearbook is a reminder for the seniors.", "Seniors elect the Prom Queen at the end of the Senior Prom.", "Senior Prom is the most important dance for the seniors ."]], "questions": ["Why are seniorities unable to do work?", "What activities that seniors would like to do according to the passage?", "Which is NOT true according to the passage?"], "article": "For Chinese students the end of their senior year is filled with studying and stress as they prepare for the college entrance exams in June.\nThe end of senior year is a celebration of their time in high school and involves parties, games and fun.\nSenioritis  is a commonly used expression. It means seniors have a disease which makes them unable to do work. This starts in April when seniors find out whether they have been accepted to university.\nUnwilling to do school work, seniors have plenty of other activities to focus on.Many schools have a \"Senior Show\", in which only seniors are allowed to perform. Some seniors sing or dance but many of them perform skits  , where they make fun of their favorite teachers or their friends. For example, a group of boys may dress up and imitate  a group of their girl friends. It is all very light-hearted.The \"Senior Show\" is usually a part of Senior Week, which is a week specifically dedicated   to seniors. During this week, seniors usually get academic or athletic awards they have won over their high school careers. The seniors also vote for one of their male and female classmates who they believe is the best-looking or funniest or most involved, etc. These are then published in the yearbook.\nThe yearbook is an important part of high school for seniors. It is usually dedicated to them and has all their pictures and some words from them in it. Then seniors go around and get it signed by their friends so they can always remember their time together.\nOf course during all of this time, seniors are preparing for the Senior Prom , which is an important moment in American culture. It is the most important dance in a young American's life.\nThe end of senior year is a truly special and wonderful time for American students. It's something they will remember for the rest of their lives.", "id": "high16030.txt"}