{"answers": ["B", "A", "C", "B"], "options": [["he thought she could run the marathon", "he didn't think she could run the marathon", "he wanted her to run the marathon", "she wanted to run the marathon"], ["all the faster runners were asked to stand before those slower ones", "many runners fell over each other", "all the runners were asked to run slowly", "the professional runners and club runners ran very fast"], ["had run for 15 kilometers", "got a pain in her side", "reached the 30 kilometer mark", "was about to reach the finish line"], ["than to run at the same speed all the time", "than to run too fast at the beginning", "than to run slowly at the end", "than to run very fast all the time"]], "questions": ["The writer's boyfriend laughed at her because    _    .", "When the race began    _    .", "The hardest time for the writer was when she    _    .", "The passage suggests that it is better to start a long race slowly    _    ."], "article": "Last year, my boyfriend suggested that I should run the London marathon, and I laughed. He laughed too, but he laughed too long and too loud. That made me think. I realized that he didn't believe that I could do it. That made me angry, and determined. Now he knows that I can!\nTraining wasn't easy, but I kept going. I didn't need special training but I did need to buy very good shoes. Each day, I went a little further. By the end of three months, I was running five days a week. Sometimes in the evenings I ran 10 km; on Sunday mornings, I sometimes ran about 30 km. I used to come home, have a shower and eat my breakfast. I felt wonderful!\nOn the day of the race in London, I lined up with about 30,000 other runners. The faster runners were at the front, while slower runners like me were placed further back. In that way, the professional runners and club runners were not slowed down by the amateurs.\nAt first, there were so many runners close together that we were almost falling over each other. We could only run very slowly but that was a good thing because it meant that we didn't rush off too quickly. Gradually the runners spread out and there was more space. There were thousands of people watching us along the route and they cheered and clapped everyone, even the slowest runner. It was wonderful!\nFor the first 10 km I felt very happy and my legs felt very comfortable. However, at 15 km I got a pain in my side and running became difficult, but I kept going and the pain disappeared. At the 30 km mark, I felt extremely tired, and wanted to stop, but I kept on going. I covered another 3 km and then I began to feel better again.\nBy the time I reached the 35 km mark, I knew I was going to get to the end of the course. Somehow that confidence made me feel lighter and faster and it seemed as if my legs flew over the last few kilometers. I passed hundreds of slower runners, some of whom had passed me earlier, and I felt wonderful! As I came round the last bend and saw the finishing line, I could see three runners ahead of me. I raced past all of them to finish the race in just under four hours. The winner had completed the race in 2 hours and 10 minutes, but I didn't care! I had run 42 km and completed my first marathon!", "id": "high16042.txt"}