{"answers": ["A", "D", "B", "D", "C"], "options": [["They used it for work and daily life.", "It was their only possessions .", "It was a nice Kona 18 Speed.", "The man's job was bike racing."], ["the couple worked 60 hours a week", "people were busy before Christmas", "the stranger brought over the bike", "life was hard for the young family"], ["From a stranger", "From a newspaper", "From TV news", "From radio broadcasts"], ["Strangers are usually little helpful.", "One should take care of their bike.", "News reports make people famous.", "An act of kindness can mean a lot."], ["selfish", "useful", "kind", "cold-hearted"]], "questions": ["Why was the bike so important to the couple?", "We can infer from the passage that    _   .", "How did people get to know the couple's problem?", "What do the couple learn from their experience?", "From this story,we can see humanity is    _   ."], "article": "It was a winter morning,just a couple of weeks before Christmas of 2005. While most people were warming up their cars,Trevor,my husband,had to get up early to ride his bike four kilometers away from home to work. On arrival,he parked his bike outside the back door as he usually does. After putting in 10 hours of labor, he returned to find his bike gone.\nThe bike,a black Kona 18 Speed,was our only transport. Trevor used it to get to work,putting in 60-hour weeks to support his young family. And the bike was also used to get foods, saving us from having to walk along long distances from where we live.\nI was so sad that someone would steal our bike that I wrote to the newspaper and told them our story. Shortly after that,several people in our area offered to help. One wonderful stranger even bought a bike,then called my husband to pick it up. Once again my husband had a way to get to and from his job. It really is an honor that a complete stranger would go out of their way for someone they have never met before.\nPeople say that a smile can be passed from one person to another,but acts of kindness from strangers are even more so. This experience has had a spreading effect in our lives because it made us believe more in the beauty of humanity   as a whole. And it has influenced us to be more mindful of ways we,too,can share with others. No matter how big or how small,an act of kindness shows that someone cares. And the results can last forever.", "id": "high16044.txt"}