{"answers": ["B", "C", "B", "A"], "options": [["why certain people are poor readers", "that there are differences in people's abilities", "why some people are good basketball players", "that good basketball players can be good readers"], ["work long and hard", "take different forms of tests", "have special help and practice", "try different reading materials"], ["good readers seem to enjoy reading", "almost all poor readers can make progress", "causes of poor reading were difficult to find out", "tests help people improve their reading ability"], ["To encourage people to improve their reading ability.", "To suggest that readers should do practice only in reading.", "To tell us that readers can't improve their reading ability without special help.", "To tell us that to be a good reader, one should be guided in the right way."]], "questions": ["61.With the example of basketball players, the author shows    _   .", "62. To improve their reading ability, people should    _   .", "63.The experiments mentioned in the text show that    _   .", "65. What's the purpose of the author's writing this passage?"], "article": "Some people have the feeling that nothing can be done about their poor reading ability. They feel hopeless about it. Can you learn to read better, or must you agree that nothing can be done about it?\nTo be sure, people are different. You cannot expect to do everything as well as certain other people do. If all the students in a class tried out for basketball, some would be very good players; others would be very poor;\n. But even the very poor players can become much better players if they are guided in the right way, and with plenty of practice. It is the same with reading. Some seem to enjoy reading and to read well without any special help. Others find reading a slow and tiring job. In between, there are all degrees of reading ability.\nMany experiments have shown that just about every poor reader can improve his reading ability. In these experiments, the poor readers were given tests of reading ability. After some of the causes of their reading were discovered, they were given special instruction and practice in reading. After a few months, another test of the same kind was given. In nearly all cases, these people had raised their reading scores.", "id": "high16057.txt"}