{"answers": ["A", "B", "D"], "options": [["He liked designing experiments.", "His family needed his support.", "He wanted to please the famous scientists in England.", "His parents couldn't afford his education."], ["its use", "its shape", "Hooke's favourites", "Hooke's experiences"], ["Hooke went to Oxford in 1645.", "Hooke was well paid in the Royal Society of London.", "Hooke made a contribution to medicine.", "Hooke's book Micrographia may have helped Newton."]], "questions": ["Which is the possible reason why Hooke accepted the job as Curator of Experiments?", "The cell got its name because of    _   .", "Which of the following is true according to the text?"], "article": "Inventor, physicist, surveyor, astronomer, biologist, artist... Robert Hooke was all there and more. Some say he was the greatest experimental scientist of the 17th century. In the course of his work, he cooperated with famous men of science like Isaac Newton, and the great architect, Christopher Wren.\nHooke's early education began at home, under the guidance of his father. He entered Westminster School at the age of 13, and from there went to Oxford, where he came in contact with some of the best scientists in England. Hooke impressed them with his skills at designing experiments and inventing instruments. In 1662, at he age of 28, he was named Curator of Experiments at the newly formed Royal Society of London- meaning that he was responsible for demonstrating  new experiments at the society's weekly meeting. Hooke accepted the job, even though he knew that the society had no money to pay him!\nWatching living things through a microscope was one of his favourite pastimes . He invented a compound microscope  for this purpose. One day while observing a cork  under a microscope, he saw honeycomb-like structures. There were cells -the smallest units of life. In fact, it was Hooke who invented the term \"cell\" as the boxlike cells of the cork reminded him of the cells of a monastery .\nAnother achievement of Hooke's was his book Micrographia, which introduced the enormous potential  of the microscope. It contains fascinating drawings of the thing he saw under the microscope. The book also includes, among other things, ideas on gravity, light and combustion  that may have helped scientists like Newton when they were developing their own theories on these phenomena .\nHooke made valuable contributions to astronomy too. A crater  on the moon is named after him in honour of his services to this branch of science.", "id": "high16085.txt"}