{"answers": ["D", "C"], "options": [["Applicants could take the IELTS or TOEFL instead of the college entrance English test.", "Colleges will be given the right to choose all of their own applicants.", "Vocational education will be party free to make people's lives better.", "Applicants could sit for the college entrance English test more than once."], ["there will still be 188 countries ahead of China in this aspect", "China will certainly overtake the global average spending on education", "there might be nearly 100 countries ahead of China in this aspect", "China will be the 100 th country to spend over the global average on education"]], "questions": ["56.Which of the following is true in the future according to the passage?", "58.We can learn from the passage even though our country spends 4% of GDP on education in 2012,_."], "article": "The National Outline for Medium and Long Term Education Reform and Development (2010 - 20) was released over the weekend. Here are some of the highlights:\nFour - percent effort\nThe government says spending on education will be 4 percent of GDP by 2012. globally, average spending on education is about 4.5% of GDP. China spend 3,33% in 2008. according to Hu Angang, of Tsinghua University's Center for China Studies, even if China reaches that goal, it will only rank about 100 th out of 188 countries.\nAdministrative rank\nAdministrative rankings for school leaders are to be phased out to tackle the bureaucracy   problem that limits educational development, according to Cheng Fangping, of the national Institute for Educational Research. Areas like teaching programs, scientific research, and technological development will be more independent.\nVocational Education\nThe system will be free of charge. According to Wu Yan, of Beijing Institute of Educational Sciences, this will be key to developing China's production capacity and will improve poor people's lives dramatically.\nEntering college\nUniversities could eventually have the freedom to choose some of their own high school applicants. Normally, students are accepted based on the uniform national exam scores. Also, students who agree to go to a remote area could be admitted to university under special circumstances. The most likely change could come on the college entrance English test, which might be modeled on the IELTS or TOEFL. Students will be able to take it several times and pick their best score.", "id": "high16102.txt"}