{"answers": ["A", "D"], "options": [["On seeing a well-designed container, a buyer often neglects what is inside it.", "A buyer is also attracted by the size of the container.", "Children are often made to buy a product by its package with attractive pictures.", "Packaging is often a successful advertisement."], ["The best choice for a buyer is to get a product in a plain package.", "A buyer should get what he needs most.", "Do not buy the product which is sold in a glass or dish.", "A buyer should know that the quality of a container has little to do with the quality of the product."]], "questions": ["Which of the following statements is NOT mentioned in the passage?", "What suggestion does the author give in the passage?"], "article": "Packaging is an important form of advertising. A package can sometimes motivate someone to buy a product. For example, a small child might ask for a breakfast food that comes in a box with a picture of a TV character. The child is more interested in the picture than in the  breakfast food. Pictures for children to color or cut out, games printed on a package, or small gifts inside a box also motivate many children to buy products--or to ask their parents for them.\nSome packages suggest that\n. Food products sold in reusable containers are examples of this. Although a similar product in a plain container might cost less, people often prefer to buy the product in a reusable glass or dish, because they believe the container is free. However, the cost of the container is added to the cost of the product.\nThe size of a package also motivates a buyer. Maybe the package has \"Economy Size\" or \"Family Size\" printed on it. This suggests that the large size has the most products for the least money. But that is not always true. A buyer has to know how the product is sold and the price of the basic unit.\nThe information on the package should provide some answers. But the important thing for any buyer to remember is that a package is often an advertisement. The words and pictures do not tell the whole story. Only the product inside can do that.", "id": "high16111.txt"}