{"answers": ["C", "A", "D", "C"], "options": [["To enjoy ourselves.", "To teach us how to make money.", "To tell us the importance of commitment.", "To tell us not to look down upon beggars."], ["The old man made a living by begging.", "The old man was excited to be a millionaire.", "The old man became a millionaire by begging every weekday.", "The old man planned to became a millionaire."], ["Because the old man hired them to do so.", "Because they wanted to know how much money the old man had begged.", "Because the old man wanted to live comfortably.", "Because the neighbours could not bear the smell coming out of the oldman's house."], ["Where there is a will, there is a way.", "Keep the general goal in sight while tackling daily tasks.", "Commitment attracts wealth.", "Living without an aim is like sailing without a compass."]], "questions": ["Why did the headmaster tell us the story?", "According to the passage which of the following is true?", "Why did the police officer clean the old man's house?", "What can we learn from the passage?"], "article": "I will never forget what my old headmaster told me. Normally when you are only 15years of age you do not remember most of the things that are preached by your teachers. But, this particular story is one such lesson that I will never forget. Every time I drift off course, I get reminded of this story.\nIt was a normal Monday morning at an assembly, and he was addressing the students on important things in life and about committing ourselves to what is important to us. This is how the story went:\nAn old man lived in a certain part of London, and he would wake up every morning and go to the subway. He would get the train right to Central London, and then sit at the street corner and beg. He would do this every single day of his life. He sat at the same street corner and begged for almost 20 years.\nHis house was filthy, and a stench   came out of the house and it smelled horribly. The neighbours could not stand the smell anymore, so they summoned the police officers to clear the place. The officers knocked down the door and cleaned the house. There were small bags of money all over the house that he had collected over the years.\nThe police counted the money, and they soon realized that the old man was a millionaire. They waited outside his house in anticipation to share the good news with him. When he arrived home that evening, he was met by one of the officers who told him that there was no need for him to beg any more as he was a rich man now, a millionaire.\nHe said nothing at all: he went into his house and locked the door. The next morning he woke up as usual, went to the subway, got into the train, and sat at the street corner and continued to beg.\nObviously, this old man had no great plans, dreams or anything significant for his life. We learn nothing from this story other than staying focused on the things we enjoy doing, commitment(,). We should remain true to our course, although it may mean committing ourselves to things that people around us would normally disapprove. Just keep it in mind that commitment attracts wealth.", "id": "high16123.txt"}