{"answers": ["A", "B", "C", "C"], "options": [["in 1939", "in the 1950s", "in the 1940s", "in 1919"], ["Educators.", "TV producers.", "Crime experts.", "Psychologists."], ["Educators.", "Crime experts.", "The old and the lonely.", "The children and their parents."], ["lonely", "more patient", "more violent", "more gentle"]], "questions": ["First TV set was made    _   .", "Which of the following people have a view on TV different from the others?", "According to the author, who need TV most?", "We can conclude that 'television generations' are   _   ."], "article": "Television, which made its first serious appearance in 1939, did not become common until the early 1950s. Since then, millions of children have grown up in front of the set, and many people now worry about the effect that TV has on the young, and on society in general. Educators, psychologists, and crime experts wonder if television should be abolished . Many ordinary parents wish it had never been invented. Why are they so afraid? Is television as harmful as they think it is?\nLike almost anything else, television has its good and its bad sides. One should surely thank its inventors for the joy and interest that they have brought into the lives of the old, the sick, and the lonely -- all those who, without it, would have no pleasure and no window on the world.\nIn truth, television has opened windows in everybody's life. No newspaper has ever reached so many people and shown so clearly what was happening right now in their own country and everywhere else. TV not only gives the news instantly, it also shows it in pictures more powerful than words. It can be said that TV has brought reality to the public. Millions of people now have seen the effects of a battle, a flood, a fire, a crime, disasters of every sort on the screen.\nUnfortunately, television's influence has been extremely harmful to the young. Children do not have enough experience to realize that TV shows present an unreal world. They want to imitate what they see. They do believe that the violence they see is normal and acceptable. By the time they are out of high school, most young people have watched about 15,000 hours of television, and have seen about 18,000 killings or other acts of violence. All educators and psychologists agree that the \"television generations\" are more violent than their parents and grandparents,\nAccording to the same experts, the young are also less patient. Used to TV shows, where everything is quick and entertaining, they do not have the patience to read an article without pictures; to read a book that requires thinking; to listen to a teacher who doesn't do funny things like the people on children's programs. And they expect all problems to be solved happily in ten, fifteen or thirty minutes. That's the time it takes on the screen.\nIt is certain that television has deeply changed our lives and our society. It is certain that, along with its benefits, it has brought many serious problems. To these problems we must soon find a solution because, whether we like it or not, television is here to stay.", "id": "high16141.txt"}