{"answers": ["B", "D", "B"], "options": [["Because no books are inspiring enough in her eyes.", "Because only a few books are thought highly of by her.", "Because she only reads books by famous writers.", "Because she finds fault with every book she reads."], ["the books Dorothy has read were bought by her husband.", "the couple next door are college professors.", "the author loves literature too.", "Dorothy was a great wife."], ["Living with her son.", "Reading literature.", "Seeing her son's baby pictures.", "Talking with neighbors."]], "questions": ["Why is Dorothy considered a tough critic?", "It can be inferred from the passage that    _   .", "What helped Dorothy get over the sadness and loneliness of losing her husband?"], "article": "My mother-in-law, Dorothy, is showing me the red notebook that's almost as precious to her as my husband's baby pictures. Inside the notebook is a list of the books she has read since 2007. For some people waking up in the middle of the night is a terrible thing. But for my mother-in-law, that time is a gift. At 87, she is getting the education she never had by working her way through great literature. She has now read close to 100 books, including every single novel by Anthony Trollope, Charles Dickens, Jane Austen, Edith Wharton, Henry James and Thomas Mann.\nMy mother-in-law discusses her passion with the enthusiasm of a young girl, although she can also be a very tough critic, writing \"VG' for \" very good\" in the margins next to her favorites. So far, only a handful of books have received the top prize.\nBorn in Ridgefield, Conn, Dorothy was the youngest daughter of an Italian gardener. She taught herself English by reading The New York Times. Eager to come to Manhattan, she became a nurse, married a dentist and spent the next several decades keeping the house and raising a family. In her later years, she put her nursing skills to good use by taking care of my father-in-law, who had lung cancer. There were many trips to the emergency room in the middle of the night and then a long hospital stay. She stayed awake to watch over him for 15 hours a day. Always a light sleeper, she developed sleeplessness as a result of the stress.\nIt worsened after he died. Deeply sad and lonely for the first time in her life, she began waking up around 2am. Julian and Sylvia, the elderly couple next door suggest she read literature. And so Julian, a great lover of literature, became her \"professor\", providing books from his large library. Suddenly\nturned onto a world of amazing characters.", "id": "high16174.txt"}