{"answers": ["A", "C", "C", "A"], "options": [["take a space blanket with you", "do more physical labor", "try to find a car immediately", "walk as far as possible"], ["do not take enough equipment", "stay in the middle of the mountain", "do not keep themselves warm", "stay in a snow-covered area"], ["Don't travel by yourself", "Mountain traveling is dangerous", "Don't get frightened in danger", "Avoid going to unfamiliar places"], ["If lost in the mountains, you must try to find a way out quickly.", "Stay out of the valleys when looking for a hiding place", "The best time to signal rescuers is during the day", "With a space blanket, you can put it on the ground---gold side facing out"]], "questions": ["When lost in the mountains, you can increase your chances of survival if you   _  .", "According to the passage, people most probably fail to survive if they   _", "What can we infer from the passage?", "Which statement is not true according to the passage?"], "article": "If you are lost in the mountains, stay calm in the face of darkness, loneliness, and the unknown. It will greatly increase your chances of survival. Many people think that   preparing necessary equipment and knowing how to use it are very important, but in fact eighty percent of mountain survival is your reaction  to fear.\nFinding a hiding place\nUnnecessary labor   will make you sweat and make you cold. Find a hiding place around you before trying to start your own construction. If you are in a snow-covered area, you may be able to dig a cave in deep snow for protection from the wind. You should try to hide yourself in the middle of the mountain if possible. Stay out of the valleys--- cold air falls, and the valley floor can be the coldest area on the mountain.\nSignal  rescuers for help\nThe best time to signal rescuers is during the day. Signal for help from the highest point possible--- it will be easier for rescuers to see you, and any sound you make will travel farther. If you take a box of matches and a space blanket ( a special blanket for traveling ), build three smoky fires and put your blanket ---gold side facing out --- on the ground.\nDo not walk away\nIt will make finding you more difficult , as search teams will be trying to follow your path and may miss you if you have gone off in a different direction. Searchers often end up finding a car with no one in it. If you get frostbitten  , do not rewarm the affected area until you are out of danger.\nYou can walk on frostbitten  feet, but once you warm the area and can feel the pain, you will not want to walk anywhere. Try to protect the frostbitten area and keep it dry until you are rescued.", "id": "high1617.txt"}