{"answers": ["B", "A", "C"], "options": [["How to make a house a home?", "What makes a house a home?", "Who are truly homeless?", "What is a home for?"], ["Computers and the Internet are important for a happy home.", "A home is a place where you are willing to stay.", "Sometimes it's the rich that should be pitied.", "Even the poorest people can have a happy home."], ["Communication.", "Appreciation.", "Kindness.", "Companionship."]], "questions": ["Which of the following may serve as the best title for this passage?", "Which of the following is FALSE according to the passage?", "According to the passage, which is NOT mentioned as an element   of a home?"], "article": "What makes a house a home? A home is a place of companionship with people in it who love each other, who are harmonious   and closer with one another than with\nin the workplace or with classmates at school. A home is a place that's so magnetic that it's difficult to leave. In a home there is love, sharing and appreciation, and the members help one another.\nI have seen families on the street. But if they live, sleep, talk, and eat together, they are a family, even if they are poorly off. You don't need a roof to make a home. The truly homeless are some of the rich people who build multi-million-dollar houses and are too busy to really live in them. The truly homeless are those who have turned their home into a hotel lobby. The parents work and the children misbehave. They don't talk and eat together every day. They rarely see each other. The truly homeless people are those with babysitters, caretakers, gardeners and maids. However, people are unaware of this, as they are too busy making money outside the home that they don't live in. This is another way of looking at the rich and the homeless. Who is to be pitied?\nControl of the computer and the Internet is also important to make a house into a home. If the computer is on all the time, the house turns into an office, even if everyone is at home. Many homes these days are just offices. Human communication has stopped. The computer eats up all the time that one should be giving to others within the home. Using the computer moderately gives us time for play and communication, not with a screen, but with other people.", "id": "high16178.txt"}