{"answers": ["B", "B", "D"], "options": [["the increase of resources", "population pollution", "the development of mankind", "the present rate"], ["the world is going to end", "the earth won't be able to support the growing population in the future", "pollution has nothing to do with the rapidly increasing population", "there would be four billion in the world a hundred years from now"], ["In 1850 the world population reached a billion.", "Man must fight a battle against population pollution.", "The world's population is increasing with years.", "All of the earth's resources are gone now."]], "questions": ["The rapid increase in population is considered to be    _   .", "If the present rate of increase continue,    _   .", "Which of the following is Wrong according to the passage?"], "article": "Many of the world's pollution problems have been caused by the crowding of large groups of people into the cities. Supply for the needs of the people leads to further pollution by industry. If the rapid increase of world population in countries continues at the present rate, there may be much greater harm to human beings. Some scientists speak of the increase in numbers of people as \"population pollution.\"\nAbout 2,000 years ago, the world population was probably about 250 million. It reached a billion in 1850. By 1930 the population was two billion. It is now three and a half billion. It is expected to double by the year 2,000. If the population continues to grow at the same rate, there will be 25 billion in the world a hundred years from now.\nMan has been using the earth's resources more and more rapidly over the past years. Some of them are almost used up. Now many people believe that man's greatest problem is how to control the growth of the population. The material supplies in the world will be far from enough to support the human population in time to come, if the present rate of increase continues. Already there is overcrowding in many cities and starvation in some countries. Should man's population keep on growing so rapidly as before? Many people believe that human survival in the future depends on the answer to this question.", "id": "high16184.txt"}