{"answers": ["B", "D", "C", "A"], "options": [["Learning from the past and planning for the future.", "Taking about the things that are most worth appreciation.", "Learning from the strong points of other family members.", "Having Thanks giving dinner together with family members."], ["her success with writing", "the enjoyment in writing", "the healthiness of her daughter", "the founding of a magazine"], ["About 30.", "About 20.", "About 60.", "About 40."], ["hold a positive attitude", "reflect on their mistakes", "have low expectations of life", "neglect their disadvantages"]], "questions": ["What is the good family tradition of the author's friend's?", "The author is thankful for all the following thins EXCEPT    _    .", "How many people had ordered The simple Dollar by Thanksgiving Day last year?", "What's the purpose of this passage? It tells us that people should    _    ."], "article": "I have a close friend who has a good family tradition, that is, each year after Thanksgiving dinner, all of the people sit around in the living room and each person takes a few minutes and gives thanks for what really matters and what has added value to their life over the last year. This is something I valued and followed. I have thought about a lot in the last year, and I finally came up with two things.\nThe first one is the healthiness of my daughter. She's as healthy as she can be, and her weight and height are in good condition and she has no illnesses or genetic diseases. I am so thankful for having this wonderful baby in my life, and thankful that she has the gift of good health.\nSecondly, I am thankful for the discovery of the value of writing in my life. A year ago, my website. The simple Dollar was only a few weeks old and was far from popular, but on Thanksgiving Day Last year it had about three score readers who ordered it in advance. The process of writing was bringing me enjoyment, but I hadn't yet realized that I could be successful in it and attract many readers. This past year showed me a lot and I am deeply thankful for it.\nAfter thinking for a while, I began to realize that it was a very powerful and wonderful positive exercise. You spend time reflecting deeply on the positive things in your life, and you often realize that even when things are bad, you do have a lot to be thankful for because there is lots of good in your life, and it can shine a bright light even in a dark spot in your life.", "id": "high16181.txt"}