{"answers": ["C", "A", "D"], "options": [["speed-reading is the first step in a child's formal education", "children today waste too much time on games, movies and sports", "children's success depends much on good skills in reading and writing", "writing helps people communicate more effectively in modern society"], ["Important.", "Funny.", "Informal.", "Old-fashioned."], ["They will learn more quickly and accurately.", "They will not be affected by games and sports.", "It will encourage them to work for a higher pursuit.", "They will have good memories of time spent with parents."]], "questions": ["In the author's opinion,   _  .", "What does the author think of writing as a form of communication now?", "What's the advantage of children's learning together with their parents?"], "article": "We all love our children and we all know how competitive the world is these days. What's it going to be like when our children leave school? Will they have the skills they need to stay ahead of the competition?\nAll children need two basic skills to succeed. They must be able to read and they must be able to write. And with so much information available to them these days, they must be able to read quickly and accurately. That's why your children need to be able to speed-read.\nIt'sironic   that at this time of space-age technology, we've gone back to one of the earliest forms of mass communication--the written word. The Internet has introduced arevival  of writing, and if you can't keep up, you'll be left behind. You certainly don't want your children to be left behind.\nYou can help to make sure that your children are excellent writers--you can help them to learn how to use their language. Better still, you can learn with them!\nYou and your children can spend time together in a worthwhilepursuit --learning how to write. Forget the theme parks, the computer games, the expensive movies and interesting sports. If you want your children to have treasured memories of time spent with you, learn together.\nFor less than you would pay for tickets to a theme park, you can invest in your children's future--help them learn to write well with my six-part writing course.\nDon't stand by while your child is left further and further behind.", "id": "high162.txt"}