{"answers": ["A", "C", "D", "B"], "options": [["in the European films there were only little roles for her to act", "in the Americana there were many important film roles waiting for her to act", "in the American there were many different jobs suitable to her", "in the European films there were all roles she didn't like"], ["Nederlands in 7 lessen", "Young Wives' Tale as Eve Lester", "Roman Holiday", "the 1957 classic Funny Face"], ["Audrey's struggle in the film fields and public admiration", "Audrey's family and her career", "Audrey's childhood and her films won great awards", "Audrey's hard times and her achievement"], ["Audrey Hepburn was born into a poor family.", "In 1957, Audrey Hepburn won another success in Funny Face.", "Audrey Hepburn received many parts shortly after being spotted modeling by the producer.", "In 1993 Audrey became a special ambassador to the United Nations fund helping children in Latin America and Africa."]], "questions": ["Audrey went to America to look for a new chance because   _", "Which one of the following films made Audrey win an Oscar Best Actress Award?   _", "This passage mainly tells us about   _", "What can we learn from the passage?"], "article": "Audrey Hepburn (*) was born on May 4, 1929 in Brussels, Belgium. She really was blue-blood from the beginning with her father, a wealthy English banker, and her mother, a Dutch noblewoman. After her parents divorced, Audrey went to London with her mother where she went to a private girl school. Later, when her mother moved back to the Holland, she attended private schools as well. While taking a vacation with her mother in Arnhem, Holland, Hitler's army took over the town. It was here that she\nduring the Nazi occupation. Audrey suffered from depression and poor nutrition.\nAfter the liberation, Audrey went to a ballet school in London on a scholarship and later began a modeling career. As a model, she was graceful and, it seemed, she had found her job suitable for her in life - until the film producers came calling. After being spotted modeling by a producer, she was signed to a bit part in the European film Nederlands in 7 lessen in 1948. Later, she had a speaking role in the 1951 film, Young Wives' Tale (1951) as Eve Lester. The part still wasn't much, so she headed to America to try her luck there. Audrey gained immediate prominence in the US with her role in Roman Holiday in 1953. This film turned out to be a splendid success as she won an Oscar as Best Actress. This gained her enormous popularity and more plum roles. One of the reasons for her popularity was the fact that she was self-like, unlike the sex-goddesses of the time. Roman Holiday was followed by another similarly wonderful performance in the 1957 classic Funny Face.In 1988, Audrey became a special ambassador to the United Nations fund helping children in Latin America and Africa, a position she retained until 1993.Her elegance and style will always be remembered in film history as evidenced by her being named in Empire magazine's \"The Top 100 Movie Stars of All Time.\"", "id": "high16219.txt"}