{"answers": ["B", "B", "C", "A", "B"], "options": [["she didn't have the right key", "there was something else in the lock", "someone had changed the lock", "the owner of the house refused her living there"], ["She came in with the help of the policemen.", "She came in by breaking the glass.", "She came in with the help of a flashlight.", "She came in from the back door."], ["excited", "confused", "shocked", "frustrated"], ["she was cheated by her roommate and the house had been rented to others", "the house owner was angry about her breaking the glass of the house.", "she hadn't paid her share of rent.", "she was ordered to move out by the court"], ["The street person was poor and didn't dress well.", "The writer accepted the money the street person gave her.", "The street person didn't know the writer before.", "The writer got along well with the street person and his fellows."]], "questions": ["The writer couldn't open the door because    _", "How did the writer come into the house?", "When the writer came into her house, she must feel    _", "The writer was not allowed to stay at the house because    _", "Which of the following is WRONG according to the passage"], "article": "Many years ago, I went through a tough time. One afternoon, I picked my girls up. It was late when we returned home. I went to unlock the door and found my key wouldn't go in. I kept trying while my daughter went to get a flashlight. When she returned with it we found somehow the lock had been \"stuffed\" with sunflower seed shells. Thinking that one of the neighborhood children had been up to no good, I really didn't give it much consideration.\nI found all windows were locked up tight. So I returned to the back door. Oh my God, I will never forget the shock of that moment. The house was empty! Other than a few things remaining on the back porch, everything was gone! Then I heard a car pull into the driveway and found two policemen walking up. They inquired why I had broken into the house. They then asked me for proof that I lived at that address, so I asked them to wait a minute while I went to get my rent receipt and identification from inside the house. I explained the matter to them and showed them the door lock.\nI could tell from their actions and tone of voice that they thought I was breaking into an empty house for somewhere to sleep.\nI asked a neighbor for the phone number of house owner and the officer made a call. The owner was quite shocked to hear my story. She said that my roommate had been going through an eviction  process with the court when I moved in with her and had lost the case. She had been ordered to move by 10 am on that date. The court order had been issued the same day I had paid her 1/2 of the rent and a deposit of $300,000.\nThe owner was very kind and understanding but there was nothing she could do. The house had been rented already and the people were to move in the following weekend.\nThe officers let me go and I went to gather my girls into the car. They were both exhausted and old. Also very frightened, because they thought their mamma was going to jail. I had to pull over because the tears took control. I couldn't believe it! Everything we owned was gone, I had used up all our money moving in and paying my \"friend\" our share of costs. I knew very few people in town, as we had just moved there recently.\nI went to sit back in the car with the girls, I talked to the girls, explaining our situation to them so that they wouldn't be afraid. During this time there was a \"street person\" with a bag, looking in the garbage for cans, bottles, and anything that might bring him some cash. But I didn't pay much attention to him. I decided to get the girls something to eat for breakfast. We grabbed some bread, and chips and returned for a \"picnic\". When we got there, I noticed that the man was not alone. He was with a small group of others like him and they were passing a hat amongst themselves.\nI was busy setting up our little \"picnic\" when I heard a voice saying, \"MaAm, please excuse... but...well...I overheard the situation you are in, and well... I and the fellows took up a collection for you and your little girls. It's not very much, but maybe it'll help a little.\" I looked up at this man---dirty, needing a shave ----and saw the face of an angel. I started crying. The man tried to hand me $30. I folded his hand back over the money and just hugged him as tight as I could. I told him, \"Thank you for your more than generous offer, but we are going to be just fine.\" He didn't believe me at first, but I convinced him that it was okay.\nLater that afternoon I went to the market and bought the making for a barbecue and off to that little park. It didn't take us very long to find those gentlemen and invite them to join us for lunch. I had a wonderful afternoon that day, sitting there with those old guys, singing songs. They had some of the most entertaining stories and they shared the dreams they once had. They shared themselves... from the heart.", "id": "high16212.txt"}