{"answers": ["A", "C", "A", "A"], "options": [["don't realize the value of art and music", "don't know the history of art and music at all", "never benefit from artists and musicians", "know little about the future education"], ["show the importance of creativity", "prove that scientists are creative", "encourage students to study art and music", "provide students with a new way to see the world"], ["Art and music are helpful to make students creative learners.", "Art and music provide people with more opportunities.", "Art and music help people become scientists.", "Art and music must help students in other subjects."], ["Relaxing themselves regularly while studying.", "Attending concerts during holidays or after school.", "Avoiding too much homework by studying art and music.", "Listening to music while studying language, maths or other subjects."]], "questions": ["According to the author, people who think art and music are useless for middle school students   _   .", "The example of Einstein is used to   _   .", "Which of the following is used to support the writer's opinion?", "Which of the following is an effective way for middle school students to study ?"], "article": "No one doubts that students should study languages, maths and science in high school, but some may be against the idea that they should study art and music as well. To them, these subjects are useless for students' future and are not worth the time and effort. In my opinion, however, it is necessary for middle school students to study art and music.\nArt and music are a valuable culture legacy , which bring us pleasure and enjoyment. Have you ever been deeply moved by Beethoven's famous Fifth Symphony? Have you ever been shocked by the colorful starry night produced by Vincent van Gogh in his paint? Have you ever longed for the moving love between the Butterfly Lovers when you hear this well-known Chinese melody ? Art and music are not only images and sounds, but something beyond them. They are the products of passion and human wisdom.\nArt and music help make students more creative. Artists and musicians are considered the most creative people in the world. It is because art and music sharpen their senses and provide a different perspective  for them to see the world. Many great scientists benefited from art and music. Einstein, the greatest physicist in the 20th century, as well as an excellent violin player, is a good example.\nEnjoying art and music is also a good way to relax ourselves. Middle school students, who typically carry heavy burdens of study, will definitely benefit from it.\nIn a word, art and music should absolutely be included in the middle school courses, for they can bring students pleasure,creativity and relaxation.", "id": "high16223.txt"}