{"answers": ["A", "B", "D"], "options": [["Teachers work harder and get underpaid.", "Teachers have no opportunities to work in other fields.", "Teaching can attract best students to work as a teacher.", "Teaching can provide rewards as well as high salaries."], ["the unruly students and large classes", "the difficulties of teaching as well as a lack of money, support and understanding", "the attracting power of other jobs", "a lack of satisfaction of sharing knowledge and influencing others"], ["is not great", "impossible", "influences people's attitude", "needs time"]], "questions": ["What is the present situation of the teaching?", "Many public school teachers turn to other professions because    _    .", "The author believes that change in teachers' status in the United States    _    ."], "article": "At present, in many American cities especially, many teachers in the public schools say they are underpaid. They point to jobs such as secretary or truck driver, which often pay more to start than\nof a teacher. In many other fields, such as law, medicine, computer science, a beginning worker may make more than a teacher who has taught for several years.\nTeaching has never been a profession that attracted people interested in high salaries. It is by history a profession that has provided rewards in addition to money--the satisfaction of sharing knowledge, of influencing others, of guiding young people. But in the past several years, there are more difficulties in teaching, for many, than there are rewards.\nUnruly students, especially in big cities, large classes and a lack of support from the public in terms of money and understanding have led many public school teachers to leave the profession.\nAs a result, many of the best students, who would have chosen teaching as their life career in the past, are going into other fields.\nAnother reason for this change in teacher candidates is the changing status of women in the United States. Until the late 1960s and 1970s, one of the most popular choices for women was teaching. But as other professions, such as law and medicine opened up to women, women stopped pouring into teacher training programs. Thus, a major pool of excellent candidates for the teaching profession dwindled.\nBit by bit government officials and others realized that the status of the teacher had suffered. They talked about change. But the change in a vast society like the United States is not easy. People's attitudes have formed over many years, and sometimes change takes many years.", "id": "high16220.txt"}