{"answers": ["D", "B", "C"], "options": [["His job.", "His pay.", "His means of transport.", "His health."], ["He got higher pay.", "His working hours weren't long.", "He found it very stressful.", "He had little free time at weekends."], ["not to work any longer", "to take a long vacation abroad", "to stop smoking and take exercise", "not to eat out any more"]], "questions": ["Compared with ten years ago, what is worse for the author now?", "According to the passage, when the author got the better job, which of the following is NOT true?", "After the author had a heart attack, the doctor advised him   _  ."], "article": "Ten years ago I used to be very fit  . I rode a bike to work and I got a lot of exercise at weekends. I used to play tennis a lot and go for long walks. In those days I didn't earn very much. I had a job in an office. It wasn't a very good job but I had a lot of time to do the things I enjoyed doing.\nThen, about eight years ago, I got a much better job. The pay was better, but the hours were a lot longer. I bought a car and drove to work every day. I began to take people out to lunch. And I began to put on weight, too. I stopped playing tennis and going for long walks at weekends because I just didn't have any time for things like that any more.\nThere's a lot of stress   in my job. Perhaps that's why I started drinking more than I used to. For example, I used to have only half a glass of whisky when I got home, but then I started filling my glass to the top, and instead of having one glass, I would have several. I started smoking a lot, too. I never used to smoke at all.\nTwo months ago I had a heart attack. At first I just couldn't believe it. Luckily it wasn't very serious. The doctor advised me to stop smoking and to eat less. He also advised me to work less and get more exercise. But I just haven't any time! My job takes everything out of me!\nSometimes I wonder if I should get another job. Perhaps I could do something like I used to do. But if I do that, I won't earn as much. I have a family to support. I have to think of them, too. I just don't know what I should do. What do you think?", "id": "high1624.txt"}