{"answers": ["B", "B", "D", "A"], "options": [["Passionate and powerful.", "Refreshing and harmonious.", "Cool and calming.", "Inspiring and bright."], ["Red.", "Orange.", "Blue.", "Green."], ["Yellow rooms inspire logical and clear thinking.", "Blue creates a quiet meditative quality.", "Different colors affect you emotionally and physically.", "Red rooms are acceptable when you are in a bad mood."], ["Blue.", "Orange.", "Green.", "Red."]], "questions": ["What impression can green rooms give to you?", "If you are going to hold a family gathering, which color of the room can best enhance your atmosphere?", "Which of the following statements about color is NOT true?", "What color should his room be painted if a person likes meditation?"], "article": "It helps to choose the colors you plan to live with in your home with awareness of how different colors affect your emotional and physical states. Every color has a unique meaning, and this can significantly affect how you feel in a room.\nA room that is painted red will energize, inspire activity and movement, help passion, and be powerful and stimulating. A red room can also be exhausting and overpowering, and stressful for those who are anxious.\nOrange rooms encourage happy, joyful, social gatherings. While an orange dining room or family room can stimulate the appetite, it is a great choice for such gathering places. Orange enhances parties, communication, positive feelings, and general good cheer.\nYellow rooms inspire intellectual clarity, organization, clear -headed thinking, and happy energy. Yellow is considered a color for the logical left side of the brain. Yellow is also very bright and somewhat energizing.\nBlue rooms are often chosen for bedrooms and meditation rooms because its cool energy is very calming, restful, peaceful, and spiritual. Blue helps inspire a quiet meditative quality, and color therapy with blue has been found to reduce blood pressure. Blue is also useful to make one to sleep.\nGreen rooms are very restful but combine with an energizing quality. Green is the color of outdoors, calm and active at the same time. Green brings balance and harmony to a room, and can be used as a calming place for people who are troubled or in need of refreshment.", "id": "high16242.txt"}