{"answers": ["D", "B", "C", "A"], "options": [["holds the view that Andrew is hopeless", "has lost his patience with Andrew", "has given the shop to Andrew", "still hopes Andrew will improve"], ["has turned himself into an experienced sales manager", "has tried in vain to get his job done in six months", "has let his father down in the end", "has done well with the help of Mike"], ["He's more convincing.", "He's more hard-working.", "He is more confident.", "He is more intelligence."], ["Success depends on hard work,talent,and willingnesss to make changes.", "However hard you try, you won't achieve success without others' help", "It takes time to succeed, you have to try again and again and never give up", "It's good communication skills and some tricks that result in big business."]], "questions": ["We learn from the story that at the beginning Andrew's father   _   .", "We learn from the story that Andrew   _   .", "What's the most significant change of character in Andrew?", "What conclusion can we draw from the story?"], "article": "\"It's the best...uhh...What? You don't want it?...,\"the inexpertienced young man uttered,his hope dashed.\n\"Again,you disappointed me,Andrew.When are you going to learn? You have to be sure and confident. And think how best to make him part with his money. Apply yourself, Son. All your college education will not help if you don't put your mind to selling. Think on your feet. Use psychology,\" Andrew spoke with diffidence overwhelmed by his father's criticism.\n\"You've been in this shop for six months and you haven't succeeded in selling a single computer. I tell you what. I'll give you one more chance. I'll give you another three more weeks. If you still can't make one sale, I'll call in your elder brother to replace you. He will also take over the shop when I retire. There. I'll just give you one last chance to prove yourself,\" said Mr. Whitely, his patience wearing thin.\nAndrew's heart missed a beat. This time he would have to do it. Do or Die! A sense of urgency gripped him. Somehow he must prove himself to his father.\nIt was now the end of the day and the shop was being closed. The assistant employed by his father, called Mike, chuckled and put his arms round poor Andrew to comfort him,\" Sort it out yourself. It's gotta come from yourself.\" he said.\nThe shop was located in a bustling shopping center. Andrew left the shop and walked round the complex aimlessly and by chance entered a large bookstore. He glanced at the books and was about to leave when his eyes caught some interesting titles:' How to increase your confidence,'' The art of communication,''How to sell well'amongst others.\nThe next minute he was out of the store with the shopping bag bugling with books. In his apartment (for he loves separately from his parents and little sister),he settled himself in his easy chair and devoured the contents of the books, one by one. His keen intelligence enabled him to focus the details that matter and pick out the ideas and techniques expounded.In a week his image underwent a transformation. Gone was the stubble that used to give him an untidy image likened to a heroin addict.He was also smartly dressed now. Instead of his usual slurred speech and incoherence ,he spoke with clarity, purpose and forcefulness.He was more convincing and persuasive. Above all, confidence flowed from his being and he seemed to have learned a few tricks of the selling trade. He worked hard at his sales pitch and one day he succeeded in selling a computer. His first sale. He had finally achieved the quota of one sale within the given time frame of three weeks. The job, the shop, was his. He had to thank Mike for it. And now he had to go beyond his first successs and score, consistently and persistently. Nevertheless he had proved himself at last and the future looked bright and promising.", "id": "high16245.txt"}