{"answers": ["C", "C", "D", "A"], "options": [["Both digital and film cameras focus light onto the film.", "All cameras have a sensor.", "Digital cameras and film cameras have something in common. .", "Small cameras usually have longer focal lengths."], ["light goes into the camera lens and hits the shutter", "you haven't aimed the camera at the dog", "the image of the dog is not created", "the sensor fails to convert light and color into a digital information"], ["they use digital cameras", "the lens of their cameras is excellent", "their focus lenses are short", "their focus lenses are long"], ["closely related to the quality of the CCD", "irrelevant to the quality of the CCD", "closely related to the lens", "irrelevant to the lens"]], "questions": ["Which of the following statements is TRUE?", "In the \"Film cameras\" part, you fail to take the picture of the dog because    _   .", "The main reason that sports photographers can get clear and big photos of players is that    _   .", "Generally speaking, a digital camera's price is    _   ."], "article": "Film cameras and digital cameras work in a similar way.\nFilm cameras\nAfter all, a film camera is basically a light - proof   box. It has a lens   system to focus light onto the film at the back of the camera.\nLet's suppose that we are outside on a beautiful summer day trying to take a picture of the family dog. We are using a film camera. We finally get the dog to lie still. You point the camera at him. What happens? Light goes into the camera lens and hits the shutter. In other words, nothing happens yet. Now let's say that the dog looks really cute and you decide to snap a picture. What happens? When you press the button, the shutter opens for a very short period of time. A small amount of light passes through and hits the film at the back of the camera. This creates an upside-down and reversed  image on the film.\nWhen you finish the roll of the film, you can take it to the photo shop to develop it and you will have a great picture of your dog!\nCameras come with different lens lengths. Why does it matter? Many small cameras have shorter focal lengths, which means that there is a small distance between the lens and the place where the light focuses at the back of the camera. This gives you a large view of the area you are taking a picture of. Lenses with a long focal length show a smaller area but allow you to focus on distant objects and make them bigger. They are often called telephoto lenses. A good example of a long focus lens is one that is used by sports photographers to get photos of football players as if they were standing right beside them.\nDigital cameras\nIn digital cameras, the light falls not on film but onto a sensor   called a CCD (Charge Coupled Device). This digitally converts  light and color into a digital information or pixels  . The CCD is the heart of any digital camera and usually the most expensive part ---- depending on how good it is.", "id": "high16253.txt"}