{"answers": ["C", "A", "D", "B"], "options": [["She visited China before twenty.", "She was given an unhappy home.", "She got married in Czechoslovakia.", "She could hardly tolerate her parents."], ["she was able to buy enough insulin", "she received good medical treatment", "she was looked after by her husband", "she was helped by people of different races"], ["Unbearable.", "Unbelievable.", "Unfortunate.", "Unforgettable."], ["a doctor", "a researcher", "a teacher", "a sailor"]], "questions": ["What can we know about the author?", "As a diabetic, the author could still live normally in 1941 because    _    .", "How does the author feel about her stay in China?", "We can infer from the text that the author's husband was    _    ."], "article": "I believe that it is important to be brought up with a firm belief in the good. I was fortunate in this respect. My parents not only gave me a happy home, but they had me study half a dozen foreign languages and made it possible for me to travel in other countries. This made me more tolerant and helped me to bridge many difficulties in later life.\nSoon after I got married, my husband and I left our native Czechoslovakia and went to live in Shanghai, China. Here was a really international city. People of all races and beliefs lived and worked together.\nIn Shanghai, in 1941, when I was only twenty years old, the doctors discovered that I had diabetes. It was a terrible shock, because diabetes is incurable. But it can be controlled by insulin  . Although this drug was not manufactured in China, there were enough stocks of imported insulin available. This enabled me to continue a normal, happy life.\nThen bombs fell on Pearl Harbor and the Japanese occupied Shanghai. The import of insulin was cut off. Before long, there was not enough for the diabetics. I was on a starvation diet to keep my insulin requirements as low as possible. Many diabetics had already died, and the situation became desperate. In spite of all this, I never stopped believing that with the help of my husband's love and care, I would survive.\nI continued to teach in Chinese schools. My faith and my husband's never-ending efforts to get the manufacture of insulin started gave me courage. In his small laboratory the production of insulin was attempted. I served as the human guinea pig on which\nwas tested. I'll never forget the day when my husband gave me the first injection of the new insulin, which had worked on rabbits. It helped! Can you imagine our happiness and relief?\nI received the greatest strength from the deep love and complete understanding between my husband and me. And next to that was the kindness and help of many, many friends of many nationalities. To me, the experience of living in Shanghai during the special times was unforgettable.\nAfter the Second World War, my husband and I sailed to the Untied States, which is also known as a melt pot. Wherever we live, I believe, with faith and love, love between families and friends from different nationalities, we can make it our cherished home.", "id": "high16295.txt"}