{"answers": ["B", "A", "C", "D"], "options": [["He made the balloon's capsule bigger.", "He had an autopilot impvoved.", "He formed a team to fly with him.", "He improved the balloon's engine."], ["communicating with experts", "using his rich experience", "inventing a satellite phone", "consulting other adventurers"], ["patient and careful", "modest and easy-going", "brave and determined", "energetic and kind-hearted"], ["He was rescued during the trip.", "He lost his way over the sea.", "It lasted over three weeks.", "He set a speed record of balloon flight."]], "questions": ["What did Steve Fossett specially prepare for the trip around the world?", "Steve Fossett solved the problem of bad weather on his trip by   _  .", "We can learn from the text that Steve Fossett was   _  .", "What can we learn about Steve's flight in 2002?"], "article": "Steve Fossett did not really look like an adventurer, but he reached some of the most difficult goals in sailing and flying.\nFossett was most proud of being the first person to fly around the world alone in a hot-air balloon. To make a trip around the world alone, it was necessary to have an improvedautopilot   device. Fossett had one of his team members develop a more advanced balloon autopilot that would allow him to sleep and do other tasks while flying safely.\nSteve Fossett attempted the hot-air balloon trip around the world six times. This was not easy to do. He flew in the balloon'scapsule   that was too small to stand upright. During his fourth attempt in 1998, he was almost killed during a storm off the coast of Australia. He fell 9,000 meters into the Coral Sea with his balloon's capsule on fire. He was later rescued at sea.\nFossett successfully made the trip in 2002. The trip started and ended in Australia. He traveled more than 33,000 kilometers for more than 14 days. On this flight, Fossett set other records including a speed record of 322 kilometers per hour. One main problem with earlier balloon flights was the threat of dangerous storms. A team of weather experts e-mailed and talked to Fossett by a satellite telephone to help him avoid such weather.\nSteve Fossett's hot-air balloon is now at the Smithsonian's National Air and Space Museum in Washington, D.C.  It is there as an example for other people to try and succeed in doing something important to them.", "id": "high163.txt"}