{"answers": ["C", "D", "A", "B"], "options": [["examine the bone pieces of Beethoven", "examine the bone pieces of another person", "examine the lead levels of Beethoven's hair", "measure the cadmium or mercury in Beethoven's bones"], ["this is the first research into the cause of Beethoven's death", "any amount of lead will do great harm to people's health", "more lead was found in Beethoven's bones than in his hair", "scientists used to think that Beethoven's death was caused by other metals instead of lead"], ["Health.", "Technology", "Entertainment.", "Culture."], ["A surprising discovery about Beethoven.", "Beethoven died from lead poisoning.", "Lead -- a killer metal for human beings.", "New examination of Beethoven's body."]], "questions": ["During the research, Walsh and his team didn't    _   .", "From the passage, we can learn that    _   .", "In which section of the newspaper might you read this report?", "What is the best title of the passage?"], "article": "Recently, tests have proved that Beethoven died from lead poisoning. Bill Walsh directed the Beethoven Research Project. Mr Walsh and his team examined pieces of bone belonging to Beethoven. They found a large amount of lead in the bone pieces. They said the lead levels were equal to those found in pieces of his hair in earlier studies of other scientists.\nGenetic tests proved the bone pieces and hair came from Beethoven. The researchers also examined bone fragments( from someone else who lived during the same period. Both were from the top of the skull. The fragments from Beethoven had more lead than those from the other person. Their study didn't find measurable levels of cadmium   or mercury  , which scientists used to consider were the causes of his health problems.\nBeethoven was sick for much of his life. He experienced strong stomach pains, a sign of lead poisoning, and a change of personality when he was around 20. He also got angry easily, and suffered from depression and hearing loss. His health problems became worse as Beethoven grew older.\nWalsh said the lead levels found in Beethoven's skull  suggested the metal might have been present in his body for many years. He said although there had been recognized cases of deafness caused by lead poisoning, there was no strong evidence to suggest that lead poisoning was the cause of Beethoven's deafness.\nLudwig van Beethoven visited many doctors to find a cure for his health problems. In a letter he wrote to a friend, he asked researchers to examine his body after he died so that other people would not have to suffer as he did.", "id": "high16304.txt"}