{"answers": ["A", "B", "C", "D"], "options": [["Because it brings much confidence to them.", "Because it makes them more beautiful.", "Because it tells whether they are clean or not.", "Because it helps them find their own faults."], ["they suffer from metal disease", "they treat life in a negative way", "they are too ugly", "they can't bear the pressure of being old"], ["if you are willing to look in the mirror you are getting old", "everyone can become attractive at any age", "confidence can make a person look beautiful", "old people will accept the reality when they are old"], ["advise people to look in the mirror constantly", "reflect different attitude towards looking into a mirror", "introduce a way of finding signs of disease from one's face", "analyze why people like and dislike to look in the mirror"]], "questions": ["Why does the mirror become the best friend for some people?", "The fact that some people are afraid of looking in the mirror reflects that   _   .", "The text tells us that   _   .", "The writer wrote this passage to   _   ."], "article": "People like to look in the mirror often when they have a young and beautiful face. However, when one grows old, nobody wants to see their wrinkled old face in the mirror any more. So, many old people seldom look at their faces in the mirror. This is completely wrong.\nAccording to Wu Zhenyun, a professor from the Psychological Research Institute under the Chinese Academy of Sciences, a person's willingness to look in the mirror can reflect his or her mentality. When people don't care too much about their age, they will try to carry themselves with ease and natural poise  . They don't mind looking in the mirror to see their own faces. Some people even love to look in the mirror from time to time to see whether they keep a good appearance. In this way, mirror becomes their best friend that help them to look confident.\nOn the other hand, some people are afraid of being old. They don't want to see the wrinkles on their face and their hair turning grey. So they don't want to look in the mirror. This actually reflects a negative attitude they hold towards life. In the long term, they might suffer from psychological pressure or some sort of depression, which is actually not a wise act.\n\" Everyone can make themselves look charming at every age stage. If one is confident, one will always look beautiful, it shows that they accept themselves.\" professor Wu said.\nMirror cannot only give confidence to one. By looking in the mirror, one can even find the traces of some diseases from one's own face.", "id": "high16300.txt"}