{"answers": ["B", "D", "C", "C"], "options": [["food", "air", "clothes", "touching"], ["because they have the same bath room", "because they have blood relationship", "because they love each other very much", "because they live in the same room"], ["cough or even cough with blood, night sweat, and tired of sleeping.", "cough or even cough with blood, night sweat, and eating too much", "cough, fever, feeling tired, night sweat, losing weight", "cough, fever, feeling tired, night sweat, eating too much"], ["Because there is no sign in the early stage of the disease.", "Because these patients don't show any signs of the disease.", "Because these patients' signs of the disease are too weak to be noticed.", "Because these patients don't know how the disease spreads between people."]], "questions": ["The spread of the TB is through   _   .", "Family members are those most at risk to be infected with the tuberculosis bacteria,   _   .", "The common signs of TB are    _   .", "Why may some TB patients spread the disease to others without even knowing it?"], "article": "People who breathe infected air from a TB patient can become infected with the tuberculosis  bacteria . However, most people with active tuberculosis do not expel (,)very many TB bacteria. So, the spread of the disease usually does not happen unless a person spends a large amount of time with a TB patient. Those most at risk are family members, friends and people who live or work closely with a patient.\nTuberculosis can attack any part of the body. However, the lungs are the most common targets  of the bacteria. People with the disease show several signs. They may expel air from the lungs suddenly with an explosive  noise. This kind of cough continues for a long period of time. People with a more severe case of tuberculosis also may cough up blood.\nPeople with the disease often have high body temperatures. They suffer what are called night sweats, during which their bodies release large amounts of water through the skin. TB victims also are tired all the time. They are not interested in eating. So their bodies lose weight.\nOne thing that is especially dangerous about TB is that people with moderate  signs of the disease may not know they have had it. They may spread the disease to others without even knowing it. So, it is very important for people to get tested for tuberculosis.", "id": "high16311.txt"}