{"answers": ["C", "A"], "options": [["Most Americans are excited to go to work every day.", "Most Americans are used to sleeping in the morning.", "Most Americans are tired of having to go to work every morning.", "Most Americans have alarm clocks to wake them up in the morning."], ["To set up a business at home.", "To complain about life and work.", "To spend more time on holidays.", "To resign from the former job and get a new one."]], "questions": ["According to Paragraph 1, which of the following statements is TRUE about most Americans?", "What does \"something different\" in Paragraph 4 refer to?"], "article": "Do you wake up in the morning dreading the moment that your feet have to hit the floor for you to get ready for work? If that's the case, join most of Americans. Very few people wake up to that annoying alarm clock and spring out of bed excited about having to go to work.\nAs if that were not enough, most of us have to fight traffic getting there, usually an hour's drive. Then, when we get to work, we have to fight with unruly co-workers or a nagging boss. And to make matters worse, you have to fight the same traffic going in the opposite direction just to get back home.\nMaking dinner, fixing plates, eating and then straightening up afterwards is a job within itself. If that sounds like your life, you probably have a J-O-B. you know what J-O-B stands for? Just Over Broke, that's what! With a job, most Americans are living paycheck-to-paycheck and hating every minute of it. I know because I was doing the same thing: trading time for money. And, I came to a conclusion that it stinks  ! Big time!\nLooking around at my co-workers, friends and relatives, I saw that they were all doing the same thing I was doing. They were complaining about the same things I was complaining about : not having enough time or money. And, I decided that I wanted to do\n.[:**\nSo, I started a home-based business. There are several to choose from. The extra income has done so much for our family. We can vacation more. We have been able to give more. And, we've even been able to do something calling save! It's been amazing.\nTherefore, if you're sick and tired of being sick and tired, it's time you make a change, too. The definition of insanity   is doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results. I know you aren't stupid. If you continue to do what everyone else is doing: trading time for money, you're going to keep getting what everyone else is getting: being broke and not having the time to do what is really important to you.\nDo your due diligence. Find a home-based business that works well for you. Go to work, and live the life you've always imagined!", "id": "high16313.txt"}