{"answers": ["D", "C", "C"], "options": [["Giving the bullies a satisfactory reaction.", "Putting up with the bullies' behavior.", "Turning to grown-ups for help.", "Acting bravely and fight back."], ["find people to take care of them", "shout and let out their anger", "make people notice them", "show their ability"], ["Bullying those who bully", "Getting the best of bullies", "Dealing with bullies", "Caring about bullying"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is advisable if you are being bullied?", "According to the writer, the bullies' purpose of bullying others is to    _   .", "What might be the best title for this passage?"], "article": "A bully  is a boy or a girl who acts mean (unkind) or hurtful to others, especially weaker persons bullies sometimes hit, kick, or push people, and they sometimes use words to call names or scare them. A bully might say mean things about someone, take a kid's possessions or make fun of someone on purpose. Some bullies force people to do things they don't want to do.\nWhy do bullies act so badly? Just to look for attention. They might think bullying is a way to be popular or a way to get what they want. Most bullies are trying to make themselves felt more important-when they pick on someone else, it makes them fell big and powerful. Some bullies come from families where everyone around has a normal way to act. Some bullies are copying what they've seen someone else do. Some have been bullied themselves.\nBullying can be a big pain, but you don't have to let bullying\nyou. Sometimes just acting bravely is enough to stop a bully. If you walk by and hold your head high as though you're not afraid, a bully may be less likely to give you trouble. Bullies want a big reaction to their meanness. Acting as if you don't notice and don't care is like giving no reaction at all, and this just might stop a bully's behavior. If you are being bullied, it's very important to tell an adult. Teachers, principals, parents, and lunchroom helpers at school can all help to stop bullying. Don't hit, kick, or push back to deal with someone bullying you or your friends. Fighting back just satisfies a bully, and it's dangerous, too, because someone could get hurt.", "id": "high16344.txt"}