{"answers": ["D", "B", "A", "C"], "options": [["can remain standing for a long time and need not be picked immediately.", "have to be eaten as soon as they are picked", "sell well in the market because of their good quality", "picked at the right moment are more nutritious than those bought from the market."], ["it requires little money", "it is enjoyable and profitable", "they can work in the vegetable garden at odd moments", "it provides vegetables for the family all the year round."], ["should be sunny", "should be within walking distance", "should be large-sized", "should consist of sandy soil"], ["Vegetable Gardening, an Escape from Boredom", "An Ideal Vegetable Garden", "Vegetable Gardening, a Worthwhile Activity", "The Best Soil for Growing Vegetables"]], "questions": ["Home-grown vegetables    _   .", "Vegetables gardening is appealing for many people because    _   .", "The author suggests that an ideal vegetable garden    _   .", "Which of the following would be the best title for this passage?"], "article": "Vegetable gardening is the relaxing art and science of turning a love for growing plants into a worthwhile activity.\nVegetable gardeners agree that many home-grown vegetables picked at their best are superior to those vegetables purchased from markets. From spring through late fall, a well-planned and well-kept garden can prove a supply of fresh vegetables, thus increasing the nutrition of the family diet. Freezers make it possible to keep some of the vegetables to be enjoyed at a later date. Other vegetables can be stored for a few months in a cool area.\nHaving vegetables in the backyard makes home gardening appealing  for many people. In addition, vegetable gardening provides exercise and fun for both urban and suburban families.\nAlthough the money spent for a garden may be little, one cannot escape the fact that gardening requires hard work and time. Many of the gardening tasks must be performed at times that are most inconvenient. Not doing jobs that should be done on a regular basis may result in failure and a negative feeling toward gardening.\nOne should not plant a garden that is too large for him to care for. A small, well-kept garden is more enjoyable and profitable than a large neglected one. Vegetables do well in full sunlight and need at least five or six hours of sun during the middle of the day. Too much shading results in poor plants and few vegetables. If possible, the garden should be near the house so the gardener can work in it at odd moments.\nSoils for vegetables should be easily broken up and porous  for quick water drainage and good aeration . A deep, fine, sandy good quality soil is best.\nUsually the hoe owner has little choice in the soil type he can choose. Fortunately, many vegetables can be grown on poor soils if the soils are properly prepared.", "id": "high16343.txt"}