{"answers": ["C", "C", "A"], "options": [["to show Indian society is full of perfect harmony", "to stress all the children admire their grandparents", "to show grandparents get on well with grandchildren", "to indicate grandparents are all good babysitters"], ["grandchildren can 't fit in with modern lifestyle", "grandparents are eager to know more technology", "grandchildren are addicted to their digital products", "grandparents spared no time with their grandchildren"], ["By giving example.", "By following the order of time.", "By making comparisons.", "By his personal experience."]], "questions": ["The author uses Kedar Patwary as an example    _   .", "The gap generation sometimes is negative because   _   .", "How does the author develop the passage?"], "article": "The connection shared by grandparents and grandchildren is something very special and despite the changing family situation, it still remains strong across generations. For most of us, our grandparents were our first best friends, the ones with whom we shared our secrets and our pain.\nIn majority of the cases, grandparents would have babysat their grandchildren while parents were busy working and didn't have much time for their children. Even as a kid grows up, the love and affection for grandparents never dies, and for many teens, visiting grandparents or living with them in the same house is a pleasure. Kedar Patwary, a mass communication student, says, \"I often end up having long conversations with my grandfather about the evolution of Indian society and I really admire him for the patience with which he answers all my questions. \"\nMany teenagers feel that their parents treat them as grown-ups, while their grandparents give them much freedom.\nLeela Narayanan, a grandmother. says that she loves to\nher grandchildren and cook favorite dishes for them. She further adds that her eldest granddaughter, who is now 19, was brought up by her till she was four and the closeness they shared remains the same even now. \nAt times, the gap m generations plays a negative role, when grandparents find it difficult adjusting to the modern lifestyle. Technology is what works against this relationship. Youngsters'  eing crazy about with gadgets leaves them with no time for their loved ones.\nMaria Kutty, is a grandmother t0 12 kids. Her face lights up every time her grandchildren are mentioned. But she has one complaint.  \"All my children stay close to me but when they come to visit and I want to spend time with them, I can't find them anywhere. They only have time for clickety-clackety things in their hands. Sometimes they listen to loud music and talk about things I don't understand. I feel very sad when I think of all those times,\" she says.", "id": "high16364.txt"}