{"answers": ["C", "B", "C", "A"], "options": [["Businesses in Chinatown are going well.", "Local people like going shopping there.", "A great number of people visit it every year.", "No period has seen a more prosperous Chinatown."], ["Chinatown doesn't love to offer them assistance", "shops in Chinatown lack their own characteristics", "it is hard to buy quality goods at proper prices", "they feel annoyed to see so many familiar faces"], ["Negative.", "Sympathy.", "Hopeful.", "Indifferent."], ["the Central Subway is under construction", "Chinatown has to make way for subway", "many restaurants have been closed down", "the locals hope Chinatown will be extinct"]], "questions": ["Which can we know about Chinatown according to the passage?", "According to the locals we can know that    _   .", "What is the author's attitude towards Chinatown?", "It can be inferred from the passage    _   ."], "article": "San Francisco's Chinatown is the biggest and oldest in the country. It's the third most visited tourist destination in the city. It's also the city's most densely populated neighbor- hood. So why are. businesses in Chinatown struggling?\nIn this week's paper, I outline some of the reasons for why Chinatown's crowded streets and busy shops might be declining. Underneath the surface, Chinatown is falling. And the city, local organizations and businesses are trying to figure out what they can do to turn things around.\nWhile numbers of people visit Chinatown, they don't stay long and they don't spend a lot of money.  And beyond annual festivals,1ike Chinese New Years,  this month's Moon Festival and last month's Sunday Streets - which drew about 15,000 t0 20.000 people - the neighborhood has a hard time attracting locals.\nCan you remember the last. time you went to Chinatown ?If you can't, You're not alone. Locals told me that Chinatown doesn't have much to offer them - that the stores are all the same. There are some good eating joints, people said, but they don't know how to find them. Some people even told me that they sometimes go to extreme measures to avoid the neighborhood altogether. But when asked if the-v would like to see Chinatown gone, the answer was always a strong no.\nLocals are hopeful that things will get better and traffic will increase when the Central Subway is complete. But chat's not for another five years. at least. And if' new shops or restaurants don't make their way into Chinatown. the same problem of attracting locals will exist.\nNot that Chinatown's going to die. The dragon still has some fire in its belly. And many people are rooting for positive change. The question is, how does Chinatown change without losing the very importance of what makes it unique?", "id": "high16365.txt"}