{"answers": ["D", "C", "D", "A", "B"], "options": [["Because his mother deserted him.", "Because the residents disliked him", "Because other animals always attacked him.", "Because he spent his life outside, which affected him.."], ["the tomcat was not kind to the children", "the tomcat sometimes bit young children", "the tomcat was really dirty and nasty.", "the tomcat might carry some viruses with him"], ["The adults threw rocks at him", "The neighbors wanted to drive him with a pipe", "The owners would get his paws trapped in the doors", "The tomcat was killed by some dog"], ["He shared his love with the writer", "He struggled to stand up", "He shouted at the writer", "He begged the writer to save him."], ["Because he loved Ugly so deeply", "Because the Ugly taught him to love totally and truly", "Because he hated it that his neighbors were so cruel", "Because he found some similarities between them"]], "questions": ["Why did the tomcat get 3 things with him?", "Children were always warned not to touch tomcat, because    _   ?", "Which caused the tomcat to die?", "What did the tomcat do when coming to death?", "Why did the writer say he would try to be Ugly?"], "article": "Everyone in the apartment complex I lived in knew who Ugly was. Ugly was the resident tomcat. Ugly loved three things in this world: fighting, eating garbage, and, shall we say, love.\nThe combination of these things combined with a life spent outside had their effect on Ugly. To start with, he had only one eye and where the other should have been was a gaping hole. He was also missing his ear on the same side, his left foot appeared to have been badly broken at one time, and had healed at an unnatural angle, making him look like he was always turning the corner. His tail has long ago been lost, leaving only the smallest stub, which he would constantly jerk and twitch.\nUgly would have been a dark grey tabby, striped-type, except for the sores covering his head, neck, even his shoulders with thick, yellowing scabs. Every time someone saw Ugly there was the same reaction. \"That's one UGLY cat!!\"\nAll the children were warned not to touch him, the adults threw rocks at him, hosed him down, squirted him when he tried to come in their home or shut his paws in the door when he would not leave. Ugly always had the same reaction. If you turned the hose on him, he would stand there, getting soaked until you gave up and quit. If you threw things at him, he would curl his lanky body around feet in forgiveness.\nWhenever he spied children, he would come running, meowing frantically and bump his head against their hand begging for their love. If you ever picked him up, he would immediately begin suckling on your shirt, earring whatever he could find.\nOne day Ugly shared his love with the neighbor's huskies. They did not respond kindly, and Ugly was badly attacked. From my apartment I could hear his scream and I tried to rush to his aid. By the time I got to where he was laying, it was obvious Ugly's sad life was almost at an end. Ugly lay in a wet circle, his back legs and lower back twisted grossly out of shape, a gaping tear in the white strip of fur that ran down his front. As I picked him up and tried to carry him home, I could hear him wheezing and gasping, and could feel him struggling. It must be hurting him terribly, I thought. Then I felt a familiar tugging, sucking sensation on my ear. Ugly, in so much pain, suffering and obviously dying, was trying to suckle my ear. I pulled him closer to me, and he bumped the palm of my hand with his head, then he turned his one golden eye towards me, and I could hear the distinct sound of purring. Even in the greatest pain, that ugly battled-scarred cat was asking only for a little affection, perhaps some compassion.\nAt that moment I thought Ugly was the most beautiful, loving creature I had ever seen. Never once did he try to bite or scratch me, or even try to get away from me, or struggle in any way. Ugly just looked up at me completely trusting in me to relieve his pain.\nUgly died in my arms before I could get inside, but I sat and held him for a long time afterward thinking about how one scarred, deformed little stray could so alter my opinion about what it means to have true pureness of spirit, to love so totally and truly. Ugly taught me more about giving and compassion than a thousand book lecture or talk show specials ever could, and for that I will always be thankful. He had been scarred on the outside, but I was scarred on the inside, and it was time for me to move on and learn to love truly and deeply. To give my total to those I cared for.\nMany people want to be richer, more successful, well liked, beautiful, but for me, I will always try to be Ugly.", "id": "high16362.txt"}