{"answers": ["A", "A", "C"], "options": [["They are suitable for both long and short trips.", "They have to be parked in a trailer park.", "They are widely used by young people.", "They are becoming more and more popular all over the world."], ["To introduce the camper trailer.", "To explain how to use a camper trailer.", "To encourage people to use camper trailers.", "To show the popularity of camper trailers."], ["usually use less petrol", "are easier to drive", "usually have room for no more than two people", "run faster than bigger ones"]], "questions": ["What can we know about camper trailers?", "What's the writer's purpose of writing the text?", "We can learn from the text that smaller trailers   _  ."], "article": "America's love of cars and being on the open road has led to the creation of the modern travel orcamping trailer . Some trailers are so well equipped that people can comfortably live in them full time.\nAlmost allcampers   are considered as recreational vehicles (RV's). RV's include motor homes, trailers, house trailers and truck campers. The smaller trailers usually have just enough room for two people to sleep and store a few personal travel items. Some of the larger motor homes include a kitchen, a bathroom, an eating area and even a bedroom.\nWhile tent camping is always an adventure, campers are a fun way to take a long trip, or to spend some more comfortable time in a beautiful setting, like a lakeside campground. So many camper trailers have been designed for people to live in the trailer long term. Some people choose to park their trailers in trailer parks and live in their trailers full time. In America many retired adults choose to spend their time traveling across the country on the open road and bring their trailers with them. Full time use of trailers for these travelers is considered to be arecreational  activity.\nCamper trailers can also be rented and used for a shorter period of time, such as a camping trip or a road trip. A camper trailer can be a comfortable _ to sleeping in a tent if you are camping. If you like traveling at your own pace, a camper trailer is a good choice.", "id": "high164.txt"}