{"answers": ["B", "C", "A", "B"], "options": [["Weekend Fun", "Urban Sprawl", "New Automobiles", "Isolated Villages"], ["Endangered animals.", "Shopping mall owners.", "Unthinking shoppers.", "Ambitious farmers."], ["Understand the situations better.", "Follow customary policies.", "Start school in shopping malls.", "Charge polluters a lot of money."], ["Respectful.", "Negative.", "Positive.", "Doubtful."]], "questions": ["What is mainly discussed in the passage?", "Who do environmental activists blame for environmental problems?", "What do scholars think should be done about urban sprawl?", "What is the scholars' attitude toward urban sprawl?"], "article": "When did you last visit a shopping mall? In many places, the answer would be \"last weekend.\" Some people go even more often. Why? For one thing, malls offer goods and services that people need all in one place: food, clothing, things for their houses, entertainment, even medical services. So, are malls one of the highlights of modern civilization? Environmental activists would say No! They would go even further and say that consumer behavior is causing a huge environmental disaster.\ncause consumers of ignorance of the side effect of their shopping--urban sprawl   .\nSocial scientists agree that patterns of development have changed the landscape a great deal in the last half century. Before 1950, most people lived in towns or cities and either walked to work or took public transportation. Only very wealthy people had automobiles. Farmers lived in rural areas or isolated villages and came into town only when they needed things they couldn't produce themselves. If you gazed at the landscape you would see towns surrounded by countryside. Then a massive change occurred.\nAutomobiles became affordable and people were quick to adopt them. Now ambitious workers could live in the suburbs, the areas just outside cities, which started to grow rapidly. As long as there was lots of cheap land in the suburbs, no one paid much attention to the usage of that land. Malls, fast food restaurants, cinemas, and car dealerships spread out in large, flat buildings. These one-storey buildings and their parking lot took up a great deal space. Well- meaning farmers thought they were better off selling their land than growing crops. In ignorance, no one realized that once the land was built up in urban sprawl, the good farming land would be ruined forever. There was no way to preserve it.\nOnly in recent years have people come to mourn the old way of life as they have developed insight into the problems. Now people realize that urban sprawl has come with serious environmental problems. The negative aspects of sprawl include air and water pollution, loss of agricultural land, traffic jams, and the death of businesses in the old town centers. Many scholars think the time has come to analyze the problems better so we can develop appropriate policies to control further sprawl. Some think the best way to do is to educate citizens about their priceless environment.", "id": "high16419.txt"}