{"answers": ["B", "D", "C", "A"], "options": [["Friendly but irresponsible.", "Intelligent but severe.", "Cold and aggressive.", "Caring and communicative."], ["She did not have a phone to call home.", "Her father did not care about her human journey.", "Her father was too busy to answer her phone.", "Her father could not give her appropriate advice."], ["he blamed her for impoliteness.", "he rediscovered human nature.", "he consulted with her about his problem.", "he changed his attitude towards the author."], ["My Parents as Friends.", "My Parents as advisers.", "My father--a serious man.", "My father--an intelligent scientist."]], "questions": ["What was the author's impression of her father when she was a teenager?", "Why did the author feel depressed when her friends called home?", "After the author overheard her father on the telephone,    _    .", "Which of the following is the best title of this passage?"], "article": "Growing up, I remember my father as a silent, serious man--not the sort of person around whom one could laugh. As a teenager arriving in America, knowing nothing, I wanted a father who could explain the human journey. In college, when friends called home for advice, I would sink into deep depression for what I did not have.\nToday, at twenty-seven, I have come to rediscover them in ways that my teenage mind would not allow--as adults and as friends with their own faults and weaknesses.\nOne night after my move back home, I overheard my father on the telephone. There was some trouble. Later, Dad shared the problem with me. Apparently my legal training had earned me some privileges in his eyes. I talked through the problem with Dad, analyzing the purposes of the people involved and offering several negotiation strategies .He listened patiently before finally admitting, \"I can't think like that. I am a simple man.\"\nDad is a brilliant scientist who can deconstruct the building blocks of nature. Yet human nature is a mystery to him. That night I realized that he was simply not skilled at dealing with people, much less the trouble of a conflicted teenager. It's not in his nature to understand human desires.\nAnd so, there it was--it was no one's fault that my father held no interest in human lives while I placed great importance in them. We are at times born more sensitive, wide-eyed, and dreamy than our parents and become more curious and idealistic than them. Dad perhaps never expected me for a child. And I, who knew Dad as an intelligent man, had never understood that his intelligence did not cover all of my feelings.\nIt has saved me years of questioning and confusion. I now see my parents as people who have other relationships than just Father and Mother. I now overlook their many faults and weaknesses, which once annoyed me.\nI now know my parents as friends: people who ask me for advice; people who need my support and understanding. And I have come to see my past clearer.", "id": "high16411.txt"}