{"answers": ["B", "B"], "options": [["there are too many people who want to make friends.", "those who never give others friendships receive no friendship from others.", "those who give others friendship receive friendship from others.", "they don't know friendship is something serious."], ["something good", "the base of friendship", "as important as money", "more important than anything else"]], "questions": ["Some friendships don't last very long because   _  .", "According to the passage honesty is   _  ."], "article": "Too many people want others to be their friends, but they don't give friendship back. That is why some friendships do not last very long. To have a friend, you must learn to be one. You must learn to treat your friend the way you want your friend treat you. Learning to be a good friend means learning three rules. Be honest; be generous; be understanding.\nHonesty is where a good friendship starts. Friends must be able to trust one another. If you do not tell the truth, people usually find out. If a friend finds out that you haven't been honest you may lose your friends' trust. Good friends always depend on one another to speak and act honestly.\n _ means sharing and sharing makes a friendship grow. You do not have to give your lunch money or your clothes of course. Instead you have to learn how to share things you enjoy, like your hobbies and your interest. Naturally you will want to share your ideas and feelings. These can be very valuable to a friend. They tell your friend what is important to you. By sharing them you help your friend know you better.\nSooner or later every one needs understanding and help with a problem. Something may go wrong at school. Talking about the problem can make it easier to solve  . Turning to a friend can be a first step in solving the problem. So to be a friend you must listen and understand. You must try to put yourself in your friend's place so you can understand the problem better.\nNo two friendships are ever exactly alike  . But all true friendships have three things in common. If you plan to keep your friends, you must practise honesty, generosity, and understanding.", "id": "high1642.txt"}