{"answers": ["C", "A", "D"], "options": [["he's as popular as Kennedy and Churchill", "he spent 27 years in prison", "he's a great fighter against the racialism", "he's the first all-race elections president"], ["It helps develop business", "It appears on the Statue of Freedom", "It is used to raise money for the Statue of Freedom", "It is similar to that of John F. Kennedy or Winston Churchill"], ["Mandela is a very skilled politician", "Most articles specially stressed Mandela's shortcomings.", "The Statue of Freedom is a present for Mandela's birthday.", "The article may have appeared in a newspaper on Mandela's birthday."]], "questions": ["Nelson Mandela is loved by all the people of South Africa because   _   .", "Which of the following statements about Mandela's portrait is true ?", "What can we infer from the text?"], "article": "Nelson Mandela is respected and admired across the world. And to South Africans he is a superstar. He is a hero who shocked the world by fighting for peace between races, despite the 27 years he spent in the prison of the South Africa's white, racist regime \nMandela, who won the nation's first all-race elections after the fall of apartheid  in 1944,retired in 1999. But he remains as popular as ever.\n\"He's loved by all people, whether you're white or black, whether you're young or old,\" said Ali Bacher, South Africa's former cricket  chief.\nHis popularity has inspired an entire national industry. His portrait has appeared at many places, including on some goods. His face has appeared on a South African coin, a metropolitan area was named in his honor and some business leaders hope to build a massive, rotating statue in his likeness---- the Statue of Freedom. It would stand taller than New York's Statue of Liberty.\nHis popular appeal is similar to that of John F. Kennedy wth US or Winston Churchill in Britain, but few politicians in his times have achieved his level of admiration, said Tom Lodge, head of the political science department of the University of the Witwatersrand.\" Sometimes it isn't completely appreciated what a skilled performer Mandela has been throughout his political career. He is a very ,very clever man,\"However , he is far from perfect.\nMost articles for his birthday, which appeared in every major South African newspaper on the day, briefly mentioned that Mandela did have his shortcomings. Then they returned to their flowing praises. \"Through the ages, the human race has had its icons ---- men and women who rose above ordinary people to inspire their generation,\" The Mail and Guardian Weekly said.", "id": "high16442.txt"}