{"answers": ["D", "C", "D"], "options": [["Because they find the subject too difficult.", "Because they have lost interest in the subject.", "Because their teacher is not good enough.", "Because they don't know their learning type."], ["Visual", "Auditory", "Kinesthetic", "Both A and B"], ["To give further explanation to the three types of learners.", "To give clear examples of the three types of learners.", "To make a survey  about the three types of learners.", "To suggest different study skills to different types of learners."]], "questions": ["According to the speaker, why are some students slower than others in a certain subject?", "Stephen loves science and usually does experiments with his classmates in the lab to test what he has learned. So what type of learner is he?", "What do you think the speaker is going to do next?"], "article": "With the new school year quickly coming near (or perhaps, for your early-starters, already under way), it's time to get ready for a successful term . And while you may be cleaning your wardrobe , it's equally important to freshen up  your study skills, too.\nHave you ever noticed that your study habits are different from those of your friends? Or how you seem to learn faster in certain classes? Some people are quick to blame  the teacher or subject  for their difficulties, but that isn't always the cause . One thing that many people seem to ignore  is their learning type.\nNow, you may be wondering what a learning type is and how to find yours. There are three different learning types: Visual, Auditory, and Kinesthetic. You can be a _ of learning types, but most people have one main type.\n1. Visual learners learn best by seeing. If you seem to easily get information from pictures, graphs, and videos, you are likely a visual learner.\n2. Auditory learners learn best by hearing. If you seem to remember things by hearing them, whether listening to a lecture or repeating information out loud, then you are likely an auditory learner.\n3. Kinesthetic learners learn best by doing. If you seem to learn best by working with your hands or testing out what you are shown, you are likely a kinesthetic learner.\nSo now that you know your personal learning style, the trick   is to find out how to use your new-found knowledge to help you in your classes.", "id": "high1645.txt"}