{"answers": ["A", "C", "D", "C"], "options": [["It helps the country to protect the people", "It helps the traveler to know where he will go", "He needs to have his picture taken more often", "He needs something more to carry when he travels"], ["European countries", "Dangerous areas", "Canada or Mexico", "Russia and China"], ["Americans abroad need nothing except a passport", "children can't travel to foreign countries", "a traveler is not safe in most countries", "Americans travel abroad a lot"], ["A passport is needed whenever an American is traveling", "Everyone in American can get a passport from the American government", "The American travelers abroad must obey the rules of foreign countries", "The American government allows its people to work in dangerous countries"]], "questions": ["Why does a traveler need a passport?", "A passport is not needed when an American goes to   _   .", "It can be inferred from the text that   _   .", "Which is best supported by the text?"], "article": "Americans can travel almost anywhere they choose. But to protect its people, the government lists a few dangerous places where Americans cannot go. These places are unfriendly countries or countries at war. There, the travelers might not be safe. These countries are listed in a small book called a passport .\nThis passport is a government request for the safety of its traveling people. It is also a government's pledge  that the people will obey the rules of the host country. To receive a passport from the government, a traveler must prove that he is an American citizen. An American cannot go abroad without a passport. Only certain close countries such as Canada and Mexico do not ask for passports\nStuck  inside the passport is the traveler's picture. Children traveling with their parents are included in one parent's book.\nThousands of people from the United States visit other countries every year. An American traveler might carry plane tickets, money, clothing and many other things. But the most important thing that he carries in another country is his passport.", "id": "high16473.txt"}