{"answers": ["B", "D", "A"], "options": [["He can easily call everyone in the world.", "He can expect what will happen next with his sixth sense.", "He can control a powerful Wall Street company and becomes rich.", "He can make a special pill to improve his own memory."], ["The movie can help slow our pace in life.", "The movie turned out to be only a joke.", "The movie can help invent a memory-enhancing drug.", "The movie aims to show something is wrong with our society."], ["To give us the information of a new movie.", "To inform us of a new research on a new drug.", "To suggest a good way to improve memory.", "To tell us something about a new drug to enhance our memory."]], "questions": ["Which of the following happened to Eddie after he took the pill?", "What's A. O. Scott's opinion of the movie?", "What is writer's purpose of writing the passage?"], "article": "Have you ever wished you could solve complex math problems without thinking? What about learning to play the piano in just three days? Or mastering several foreign languages within a month?\nEddie Morra, the main character in the movieLimitlesscan do all these things. But he isn't Superman or Harry Potter. Eddie has taken pills called NZT.\nThrillerLimitless came out in China on October 13. In the movie, Eddie is faced with \"writer's block\". He hasn't written a single word of a novel, and his deadline has passed. And there's more bad news: his girlfriend breaks up with him. By chance, Eddie runs into a relative who is a drug dealer. He gives Eddie some pills called NZT that allow people to make use of 100 percent of their brains. With the magic pills, Eddie's life changes completely. He can recall everything he has ever read, seen or heard. He gains a sixth sense that allows him to predict future events. He even becomes a kungfu master by simply memorizing actions in Bruce Lee's movie.\nBefore long he has finished his novel, won back his girlfriend and stepped into the financial world. He becomes rich incredibly quickly and is soon employed by a powerful Wall Street company. However, bad side effects are just around the corner. The effects of the pill last for only one or two days, and Eddie has to find more supplies of the pills. Meanwhile, the pills start to have other effects on him. Eddies' mind loses the ability to control the actions of his body. What does destiny hold for him? Will he be able to go back to his normal life?\n\"Eddie's fate turns out to be a barbed   joke... a sharp-eyed comic fable for an age of greed  and speed.\" writes A. O. Scott, a movie critic with the New York Times.\nThe drug isn't real-----yet, some researchers say such memory-enhancing drugs might not be far off. Would you take such a pill despite its side effects? Is the ability to remember everything a blessing or a curse?", "id": "high1649.txt"}