{"answers": ["D", "C", "D", "C", "C"], "options": [["Thirty six months", "Thirty months", "Half a year", "Around two years"], ["Mona Lisa case", "Last Judgment case", "Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum thirteen paintings case", "none"], ["China", "France", "Dutch", "Vantican"], ["Picasso was ever considered a art theft suspect.", "Art thieves normally not work alone.", "The first documented case of art theft was conducted by pirates.", "The mastermind of Mona Lisa was an art faker who wanted to sell copies."], ["The Economic Value of Art Theft", "The Loss to Art Lovers", "The Most Sought After Painting", "Boston Mob and French Art Dealers"]], "questions": ["How long did it take to put back the stolen Mona Lisa in Louver ?   _", "Which case among those mentioned in the passage is still a mystery?", "People from the country of    _    is not involved in the passage.", "Which statement is WRONG according to this article?", "The passage is not finished, which subtitle could be the next?"], "article": "Art theft is an ancient and complicated crime. When you look at some of the most famous cases of art thefts in history, you see thoroughly planned operations that involve art dealers, art fakers, mobsters, ransoms, and millions of dollars. Here you can read about some of the most famous cases of art theft in the history.\nThe First Theft:\nThe first documented case of art theft was in 1473, when two panels of altarpiece of the Last Judgment by the Dutch painter Hans Memling were stolen. While the triptych was being transported by ship from the Netherlands to Florence, the ship was attacked by pirates who took it to the Gdansk cathedral in Poland. Nowadays, the piece is shown at the National Museum in Gdansk where it was recently moved from the Basilica of the Assumption.\nThe Most Famous Theft:\nThe most famous story of art theft involves one of the most famous paintings in the world and one of the most famous artists in history as a suspect. In the night of August 21, 1911, the Mona Lisa was stolen out of the Louver. Soon after, Pablo Picasso was arrested and questioned by the police, but was released quickly.\nIt took about two years until the mystery was solved by the Parisian police. It turned out that the 30x21 inch painting was taken by one of the museum employees by the name of Vincenzo Peruggia, who simply carried it hidden under his coat. Nevertheless, Peruggia did not work alone. The crime was carefully conducted by a notorious con man, Eduardo de Valfierno, who was sent by an art faker who intended to make copies and sell them as if they were the original painting.\nWhile Yves Chaudron, the art faker, was busy creating copies for the famous masterpiece, Mona Lisa was still hidden at Peruggias' apartment. After two years in which Peruggia did not hear from Chaudron,\n. Eventually, Peruggia was caught by the police while trying to sell the painting to an art dealer from Florence, Italy. The Mona Lisa was returned to the Louver in 1913.\nThe Biggest Theft in the USA:\nThe biggest art theft in United States took place at the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum. On the night of March 18, 1990, a group of thieves wearing police uniforms broke into the museum and took thirteen paintings whose collective value was estimated at around 300 million dollars. The thieves took two paintings and one print by Rembrandt, and works of Vermeer, Manet, Degas, Govaert Flinck, as well as a French and a Chinese artifact.\nAs of yet, none of the paintings have been found and the case is still unsolved. According to recent rumors, the FBI are investigating the possibility that the Boston Mob along with French art dealers are connected to the crime.", "id": "high16509.txt"}