{"answers": ["D", "A", "C", "A"], "options": [["7", "10", "9", "8"], ["Candles.", "Money.", "Oil", "Cards."], ["The war that they fought 2,000 years ago.", "The God that they honored best.", "The miracle of the holy oil that happened 2,000 years ago.", "The church they built 2,000 years ago."], ["the history of Hanukkah and how it is celebrated", "why Jewish people celebrate Hanukkah", "why Jewish people protect their traditions", "the miracle of the holy oil in the Jewish temple"]], "questions": ["For how many days does Hanukkah last?", "According to the passage, what is necessary when celebrating Hanukkah nowadays?", "What does the Menorah remind Jewish people about?", "The passage mainly tells us about    _   ."], "article": "Hanukkah\nHanukkah   is a Jewish festival. It is celebrated on the 25th day of the Jewish month of Kislev  , which is usually sometime in December. It is often called the festival of lights. The festival celebrates the time, over 2,000 years ago, when the Jewish people fought against an emperor who would not let them follow their own traditions and religion. When the Jewish people won back their temple in Jerusalem, they found there was only enough holy oil to keep the sacred light burning for one day. However, to their surprise, this small amount of oil kept the light burning for eight days and nights, until the people had time to make more oil.\nAt the center of the Hanukkah celebrations is a candlestick (called a Menorah) that holds nine candles. On the first night of Hanukkah the first candle is lit, and each day this candle is used to light another candle, until on the eighth day, the last day, all the candles are lit. During Hanukkah, people go to the synagogue   to pray and to remember the miracle   of the holy oil. Hanukkah is a time for family and friends to come together. People exchange gifts and greeting cards, and children go to parties. Parents often give their children money at Hanukkah. Potato cakes, called latkes, are a traditional Hanukkah food.", "id": "high16512.txt"}