{"answers": ["A", "C", "B", "D"], "options": [["introduce a new sport parkour", "show how parkour is popular in the world", "Tell the history of parkour", "explain the basic movements in parkour"], ["David Belle.", "James Bond.", "Sebastien Foucan.", "David Belle's father."], ["the newspaper", "the Internet", "the radio", "TV"], ["Children should not be allowed to do parkour.", "Casino Royale is a movie introducing parkour", "Most of the lovers of parkour are Internet users.", "Parkour is a mental exercise as well as a physical one"]], "questions": ["The author wrote this text to    _", "Who performed parkour in the movie Casino Royale?", "People learn about parkour mainly for    _   .", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the text?"], "article": "Parkour   is a new sport that is developing quickly in the world. The aim of parkour is to jump, climb or run over any all stair, or fence on your path easily. Usually, it is done in a city environment. Practicers take very wall or roof as their training place. If you have seen the beginning of the James Bond movie Casino Royale, then you have seen an excellent example of parkour.\nDavid Belle, a young Frenchman, developed parkour in the 1990s. His father's experiences as a fireman as well as an acrobat influenced him a lot. His childhood friend, Sebastien Foucan, is the actor in the movie Casino Royale with his parkour performance. Foucan is thought to have developed free-running, which is a more artistic and skillful type of parkour. David belle traveled to India and said one way he trained was by watching a physical one. The aim is to become so skillful, and it is almost unnecessary for you to think about the different actions in running through a path full of barriers .\nParkour is not exactly a sport. It is not developed fro competition. It is more about learning to control mind and body in difficult situations. There are many basic movements in parkour. One example is where practicers swing through the narrow space between two bars while keeping their body level with the ground. This is called the underbar. Other movements are the tic-tac and the kong vault jump. Skillful practicers seem to get out of control of gravity.\nThe popularity has spread largely because of parkour videos and organizations on the Internet. And if you search on the Web, you will find parkour groups performing their skills near you.", "id": "high16519.txt"}