{"answers": ["B", "C", "A"], "options": [["They have much emotion in the old ones.", "They are more comfortable.", "New shoes always harm the feet.", "They look better than the new ones."], ["don't realize the benefit of the new shoes very well", "are positive and open-minded to accept new things", "actually know the change will finally be good for them", "don't accept new patterns because they are not good"], ["Once we form a habit, it's difficult to change it.", "Most people pay more attention to the future life.", "One's attitude towards something is usually traditional.", "The more often we change, the better our life will be."]], "questions": ["Why do people prefer old shoes to new ones?", "According to the passage, we know that people    _   .", "What can be inferred from the passage?"], "article": "How difficult change is depends a lot on your attitude towards it and your resistance to it. Your attitude to change can make the whole transformation process much easier.\nImagine change as a pair of shoes and this will help you understand change and how it works. I am sure that you have ever had a comfortable pair of shoes in your life. A pair of shoes is so comfortable that you really don't want to get rid of them.\nYou know you need a new pair, and may even have them, but you don't want to wear them because you are comfortable with your current pair. Besides, the new pair may hurt your feet, give you blisters  or be awkward to wear to start with. So, you resist the new shoes. However, you know that this new pair would be much better for your feet, and after the initial discomfort they would probably be even more comfortable, yet you still resist.\nDo you know I'm doing this now? I'm wearing my comfortable shoes and they feel good. They have a hole in each heel, and the sole is starting to fall off, but I'm persisting in wearing them.\nThis describes change exactly; change of our habits, change of our thought patterns. We stick with the old patterns because they are comfortable. Yet once we get over the initial pain of the transformation, the new pattern will be comfortable and feel good until the time comes when we need another new pair of shoes.", "id": "high16516.txt"}