{"answers": ["D"], "options": [["are now worried that the earth will become a victim of plastic bags", "don't think they have done enough to popularize plastic bags", "have not realized the harm of plastic bags", "have succeeded in popularizing the use of plastic bags"]], "questions": ["According to Paragraph 3, plastic bag producers    _    ."], "article": "I will tell you the truth about plastic bags-the positive and the negative sides and provide a solution to this problem. Whether it is a shopping bag, a food bag or a trash bag, they are all made of plastic bags. Grocery store owners are very generous in using plastic bags. They place the fruit in one bag and drop the box of milk in another. Ever wonder why?\nThe positive side of plastic bags\nGrocery stores, shopping centres, and restaurants are not thrifty in using and giving out plastic bags because they cost no more than a cent each, while a paper bag costs four cents. Plastic bags are produced so cheaply and massively that they are used by 80% of store owners. In addition, they are light and very easy to carry and store.\nThe production of plastic bags has increased greatly over the last 20 years and producers of plastic bags are making large profits. However, the negative side of plastic bags is becoming well-known. More people are now getting worried that the earth is becoming a victim of the plastic bag success story.\nThe negative side of plastic bags\nWhile production and consumption of plastic bags is good for business, it is not so for our Mother Earth. They have resulted in an increase in the amount of litter found floating in water or in the streets where we live.\nPlastic storage bags, after usage, usually go to landfills as trash bags. They make the oceans poison sea animals. They give off toxins when burned. They simply pollute the ground, air and water.\nThat is the true cost of plastic bags, and it looks like it is more than a cent. These are very alarming concerns and proper action needs to be taken.", "id": "high16510.txt"}