{"answers": ["C", "A"], "options": [["took turns to look after the author", "tried to spend more time on their work", "spared more time to stay with the mother", "asked the doctors to operate on the mother at once"], ["tried to show her love to her daughter before the operation", "didn't agree to have the operation", "had always been happy before the operation", "was very nervous the day before the operation"]], "questions": ["After the author's mother fell ill, people    _   .", "It can be inferred that the author's mother    _   ."], "article": "When I was seven years old my mom was diagnosed  with cancer. For this type of cancer the survival rate was low. My family was extremely upset and shocked. I was too young to understand. I had no idea that everyday with my mom had to be the absolute best because we didn't know if it would be our last. I didn't understand why everyone was suddenly taking time out of their busy lives to come over and sit on our couch.\nThe doctors told us my mom might survive with surgery . But it could also kill her. She agreed to have it. The surgery was scheduled for the day after the Columbus Day. The day before the surgery I had off from school, and my mom planned the best day of my life. The day began with her waking me up saying, \"Kate, I have a surprise for you. Come see.\" The surprise was a doll I had wanted for the longest time. Throughout the day, she told me everything that she thought I would need to know to grow up and be a good person; she told me to be the best I could be and that I would always make her proud. The day was filled with laughter. For the first time in a long time I could see she was happy. Really happy.\nThe day passed and the next day, it was time for the surgery. There were no tears; I think I understood that I could lose my mom, because they did tell me she could die. We waited all day for news from the doctor. Everyone jumped when a door opened or anyone walked into the waiting room. Finally the doctor came in, and the news was what we had prayed   for.\nI will never forget that day together, and how her illness pulled our family closer. I understand now how lucky we were. I truly appreciate life and honor my mom for being so strong.", "id": "high16525.txt"}