{"answers": ["A", "D", "D"], "options": [["help people have a healthy life", "make iphone more popular", "help people find ways to lose weight", "persuade people to buy iphone products"], ["a camera", "a phone", "a calculator", "an application"], ["Mealsnap iphones work as a health signal", "Mealsnap iphones offer you a health signal", "Mealsnap iphones -- the best-selling phones", "Mealsnap iphones count your calories"]], "questions": ["60. The purpose of DailyBurn is to    _   .", "61.  We can know from the passage that Mealsnap is    _   .", "63. Which would be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "Worried about how many calories you will get in that piece of pizza, chocolate cake or bag of chips? A new iphone application Mealsnap may help. Users just need to take a picture of the meal with the phone, and it will give a calorie read-out almost immediately.\nMealsnap was developed by DailyBurn, a health social network that focuses on helping its users lead healthier lifestyles. It has created several other health and diet-related iphone applications. The applications gives users a quick reply. To do that, it matches the taken picture to a databank containing the calorie information of nearly 500,000 kinds of food. Users then get the range of calories for the meal that is photographed.\nWe started with something simple -- an apple. A couple of minutes later the application replied that it was an apple and between 64 and 96 calories. More impressive was the reply we received after sending a photo of mixed salad bowl. Mealsnap replied that the bowl contained \"yellow rice with corn, boiled eggs and beans\" and that the food was between 532 and 798 calories.\nMr. Smith, director of DailyBurn, said that usual calorie counting needed a long time, but that the application made it easier to know the calories in food. That's why it is so popular among those who are trying hard to lose weight.\nIn addition, Mealsnap can serve as a food diary. No need to write down what they've eaten, the photos will be stored. Then users can keep a visual log  . Mr. Smith said: \"It's like a food journal, but easier. All you do is to take the picture. The simple act of recording something can cause a psychological change that can help people on their health journey. Knowing the calorie range makes me think more about what I'm eating.", "id": "high16533.txt"}