{"answers": ["D", "B", "A"], "options": [["Friends not meeting for a long time.", "Former teachers and friends.", "People we want to get close to.", "Our family members and good friends."], ["benefits the people who do something for us", "is good for both us and people who help us", "wastes our and our friends' time at the same time", "does harm to both us and people who help us"], ["to help and appreciate others", "to ask others to help us", "to remind others of our helping them", "to ask someone to help others"]], "questions": ["Who do we easily forget to express our thanks to according to the writer?", "When we say something for what others do for us, it   _  .", "The way to make us feel happy is   _   when we think we ourselves are forgotten in the world."], "article": "In our life, we have rarely expressed our gratitude to the one who lived those years with us. In fact, we don't have to wait for anniversaries to thank the ones closest to us and the ones so easily overlooked. If I have learned anything about giving thanks, it is this: give it now! While your feeling of appreciation is alive and sincere, act on it. Saying thanks is such an easy way to add to the world's happiness.\nSaying thanks not only brightens someone else's world, it brightens yours. If you're feeling left out, unloved or unappreciated, try reaching out to others. It may be just the medicine you need. Of course, there are times when you can't express gratitude immediately. In that case, don't let embarrassment sink you into silence and speak up the first time you have the chance.\nOnce a young minister, Mark Brian, was sent to a remote parish of Kwakiutl Indians in British Columbia. The Indians, he had been told, did not have a word for thank you. But Brian soon found that these people had unusual generosity. Instead of saying thanks, it is their custom to return every favor with a favor of their own, and every kindness with an equal or superior kindness. They do their thanks. I wonder if we had no words in our vocabulary for thank you, would we do a better job of communicating our gratitude? Would we be more responsive, more sensitive, more caring?\nThankfulness sets in motion a chain reaction that transforms people all around us-including ourselves. For no one ever misunderstands the melody of a grateful heart. Its message is universal; its poems transcend all earthly barriers; its music touches the heaven.", "id": "high1655.txt"}