{"answers": ["D", "A", "D"], "options": [["Career education is carried out in primary schools only.", "Career education is carried out in middle schools only.", "Career education is carried out in colleges only.", "Career education is carried out in the whole process of people's education--from kindergarten to university."], ["not only teachers but also parents are responsible for youngsters' career education", "in high schools, students know more specific information about occupations", "career education may be in classroom, small group, or individual sessions", "teachers use a variety of methods to provide career education, including films"], ["schools", "homes", "communities", "public places"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, which statement is true?", "It may be inferred from the passage that    _   .", "A child may get career education in all the following places EXCEPT    _   ."], "article": "Career education is instruction intended to help young people identify, choose, and prepare for a career. Such instruction may focus on a person's role in work, leisure, or family life. Career education differs from vocational education, which is designed to teach specific occupational skills.\nCareer education includes the formal and informal learning that occurs in the family, in the community, and in schools. In schools, career education consists of instructive activities included in many courses. These activities are designed to improve the attitudes, knowledge, and skills important for work roles. Career education helps students develop self- understanding and use it to plan their education and working life.\nA complete career education program in school begins in kindergarten and continues at least through high school. Many colleges and universities also offer career education through their counseling  programs. In kindergartens and elementary schools, youngsters learn about different types of work. In middle schools or junior high school, children begin to explore the occupations and leisure activities that interest them most. In high school, students get more specific information about occupations and life styles. They may be in classroom, small group, or individual sessions where they learn how to make career decisions. They also should obtain the skills they need for further study or for a job after graduation. Counselors provide information on such matters as how to locate and apply for jobs and how to be successful in interviews. Teachers and counselors use a variety of methods to provide career education, including films about occupations or industries. Children may invite parents or other adults to come to school and describe their jobs. A student may accompany a worker on the job. Cooperative education\ns classroom study with practical work experience.", "id": "high16558.txt"}