{"answers": ["A", "C", "B", "C"], "options": [["supports students in using social networking sites", "used to think badly of students' using social networking sites", "suggests schools set up their own social networking sites", "suggests teachers inspect what students do on social networking sites"], ["It asks each student to keep a blog.", "It invites parents to comment on students' work.", "It welcomes comments on students' book reports online.", "It lets students keep in touch with their teachers online."], ["a stranger", "his teachers", "his parents", "his classmates"], ["Because parents can make a lot of friends online.", "Because parents can help their children with their schoolwork.", "Because parents can know their children's learning at school.", "Because parents can keep up with social development."]], "questions": ["We can infer from the text that Ann Flynn    _    .", "How does the school in Cleveland mentioned in the text use social net-working sites?", "A student will not probably take an assignment seriously if he gets comments from    _    .", "Why can parents benefit from social networking sites?"], "article": "Your teenage daughter is supposed to be doing homework, but you catch her chatting online. She tells you that she's talking about the math test tomorrow. Before your eyes start rolling, listen up: teens are using social networking sites for more than just gossip, according to a new study by the National School Boards Association.\nThe students who took part in the online survey, aged 9 to 17, said they spent almost as much time on social networking online as they did watching television. And it is what these kids are talking about online that is causing such a cheer: education. Of the students who took part in the study 60 percent reported that some of the most popular social networking topics were college planning, learning outside of school, careers, and schoolwork. They also reported posting writing and art projects that might have nothing to do with schoolwork.\nAnn Flynn, director of education technology for the National School Boards Association, says\n  social networking tools into educational\n  is the way forward. Flynn says a school in Cleveland, Ohio is posting students' book reports on a blog for students of their own ages, parents and other teachers to read and comment on. \"If someone reacts other than the teacher, a child is much more likely to take an assignment seriously,\" Flynn says.\nNot only students but also parents can benefit. Now parents can go online and know what the class is doing. So, next time your child says her blog is educational, get curious, sit down and check out the blog with her. You might just learn something new yourself.", "id": "high16553.txt"}