{"answers": ["C", "A", "C", "D"], "options": [["the way that friendship develops in different families", "the idea that people need to be appreciated one way or another", "what life in the US is like and an image of contemporary US society", "the message that it is good to be who you are, regardless of what others think"], ["Sookie Stackhouse and Bill Compton", "King Arthur and Merlin", "Max Black and Caroline Channing", "Jay and Gloria"], ["Merlin is a handsome young man in the legend.", "Sookie Stackhouse is a vampire involved in a series of murder cases.", "Caroline leads a rich life before she becomes the workmate of Max Black", "King Author is the leading role in the BBC TV drama."], ["advise how to practice English", "introduce different networks", "announce the upcoming of the films", "recommend popular TV shows"]], "questions": ["The TV drama Modern Family probably tells   _   .", "The love between   _   is something of a Shakespearean, tragic element, in the sense that not only is love forbidden, but also that love and death are joined.", "Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the text?", "The passage is written to   _   ."], "article": "Teenagers in the UK and the US get to watch some wonderful TV shows. Why not have a look at a few of them yourself and take the chance to practice your English at the same time?\n   Modern Family\n   Network: ABC\n   Number of seasons: 3\n   The TV drama features two families, modern and traditional. The first is a typical American family with 3 adolescent children. Claire is a traditional mom, while Phil, the father, wants to be friends with his three children; he can name all the songs in the hit film High School Musical.\n   The second family is made up of a 60- year-old man, Jay, his attractive young Latin American wife, Gloria , and her 11-year-old son, Alex. Jay is 30 years older than Gloria and everyone thinks they are father and daughter.\n   2 Broke Girls\n   Network: CBS\n   Number of seasons: 1\n   Max Black is a cafe waitress and babysitter in Brooklyn, New York; Caroline Channing is the daughter of a Manhattan millionaire.\n   Neither of them ever imagined making friends with the other. But when Caroline loses all of her fortune after her father goes to prison, she applies for a job as a waitress in the same cafe and has to learn from Max.\n   Problems are unavoidable, but luckily, kind-hearted girls can always make things work out. They turn out to be great at helping each other out in their endless struggle against strange customers and picky bosses. Gradually a friendship develops.\n   True Blood\n   Network: HBO\nNumber of seasons: 4\n   Vampires   live on in countless books, movies and television shows. If the Twilight series got you interested in vampire myths, then look no further than True Blood for another exciting adventure. Sookie Statckhouse is a small-town waitress. She is also telepathic  . A meet with Bill Compton in a bar turns her life upside down. Bill is a vampire and that night Sookie saves him from a murder attempt. Sookie then becomes involved in a series of murder cases. The love between Sookie and Bill adds a touch of romance to a thrilling story. \n   Merlin \n   Network: BBC\nNumber of seasons:4\n   King Arthur is one of the most important mythical figures in England. But the BBC tells a slightly different story from the legend. Instead of focusing on Arthur, it is Merlin, the wizard who helps Arthur all the way through his adventures, who takes the lead role. Rather than the wise old wizard who instructs Arthur in the legend, the TV dram turns him into a handsome young man. Merlin meets Arthur in the kingdom of Camelot and believes that he is an arrogant bully  . Arthur, likewise, has a less than great opinion of Merlin. The series focuses on how a friendship grows between the two.", "id": "high16574.txt"}