{"answers": ["B", "D", "C"], "options": [["Question Box --- taking the place of the Internet", "Needing an answer? --- asking Question Box", "Question Box --- a great invention in the world", "Rose Shuman --- a professor helping the poor"], ["it is the most advanced in the world", "it is more convenient to carry.", "it saves much more energy", "it is much easier to use"], ["Question Box costs the users much less than the Internet.", "Question Box operators can look for information in any language.", "Question Box is more efficient in solving problems in underdeveloped areas.", "Question Box can work without the help of the Internet in Uganda."]], "questions": ["The best title for the passage is   _  .", "In Rose Schuman's opinion, the greatest advantage of Question Box is that  _  .", "What can we know from the passage?"], "article": "When you have a question about something, where do you go? For many people the answer is simple as they can go online to a search engine like Google or Yahoo. But what about people in rural or underdeveloped areas who may have no way to get on the Internet?\n   A business and international development professor in California, Rose Shuman, found an answer for them: Question Box. Question Box is a service that provides answers---free of charge---for people who cannot search the Internet directly. The users of Questions Box might be those who might not be able to read, or simply have no access to the Internet.\n   Question Box began three years ago in India. People used a metal call box with a push-to-talk button to connect a live operator. Rose Schuman explained,\" You just need to push a big green button on the box which will connect you directly to our operators who are sitting in front of computers, and speak your language. You can ask them any sort of question you want, and they'll look it up in English or in Hindi, or whatever the main language is, and translate the answer back for you.\"\n   The service is currently offered in two villages. The latest version of the box uses mobile phone technology, and solar panels in case the electrical power fails. Rose Shuman says the aim was to make the box as easy as possible for users, \"It is very efficient  . Rather than try to bring a lot of difficulties to them and expect them to spend a lot of time to learn how to use the Internet, the idea was to make a technology that even Grandma could use.\"\n   In April 2009, Question Box was introduced to Uganda. Forty community workers with mobile phones connected villagers to call center operators in Kampala. The community workers went around telling people about the service. They wore T-shirts that said \"Ask me.\" But Internet service in Uganda proved slow and undependable. So Question Box teamed up with a local technology company to store information on a local server. That way, the researchers in Kampala could quickly search the database for answers.", "id": "high16586.txt"}