{"answers": ["D", "B", "C"], "options": [["correct a piece of writing", "write a complete book", "improve a written article", "interview a celebrity"], ["vanity presses are illegal", "ghostwriters work behind the scene", "books by ghostwriters don't sell", "celebrities can't do without ghostwriters"], ["People who employ them.", "Responsibilities they take on.", "Challenges their work involves.", "Reasons why they ghostwrite."]], "questions": ["A ghostwriter does all the following EXCEPT   _   for his client, according to the passage.", "It is implied in the passage that   _  .", "Which of the following is NOT mentioned about ghostwriters?"], "article": "Ghostwriters are widely used by celebrities or public figures who wish to publish their autobiographies  . The degree of involvement of the ghostwriter in nonfiction writing projects ranges from minor to significant. Various sources explain the role of the ghostwriter and how competent   writers can get this kind of work. In some cases, a ghostwriter may be called in just to clean up, edit, and polish a rough draft of an autobiography or a \"how-to\" book. In other cases, the ghostwriter will write an entire book or article based on information, stories, notes, and an outline, interviews with the celebrity or public figure. The credited authors also indicate to the ghostwriter what type of style, tone, or \"voice\" they want in the book.\nCelebrity books are usually ghostwritten in the first person (I did this and that) or the third person (David Pardon asked the group to recommend someone etc.).\nIn some cases, such as with some \"how-to\" books, diet guides, or cookbooks, a book will be entirely written by a ghostwriter, and the celebrity (e.g., a well-known musician or sports star) will be credited as author. Publishing companies use this methodto increase the marketability of a book by associating it with a celebrity or well-known figure. In several countries before elections, candidates employ ghostwriters to produce autobiographies for them so as to gain visibility and exposure. Two of John F. Kennedy's books were almost entirely ghostwritten. Former President Ronald Reagan also released a ghostwritten autobiography.\nA consultant or career-switcher may pay to have a book ghostwritten on a topic in their professional area, to establish or enhance their credibility as an \"expert\" in their field. For example, a successful salesperson hoping to become an inspiring speaker on selling may pay a ghostwriter to write a book on sales techniques. Often this type of book is published in the vanity press, which means that the author is paying to have the book published. This type of book is typically given away to potential clients   as a promotional tool, rather than being sold in bookstores.", "id": "high16616.txt"}