{"answers": ["C", "D", "C"], "options": [["The problem faced by the old in society.", "Why we should take responsibility for the old.", "How we can improve the lives of the old.", "Where the old can go to get their pensions."], ["Taking care of the old is mainly an issue of money.", "Employers should allow their workers to retire at a later age.", "Becoming independent should be the goal of most old people.", "There is no single solution to the problem of the old."], ["To point out the need for government supporting for old people.", "To make general readers aware of the problems of the retired people.", "To discuss some possible solutions to an important social problem.", "To instruct the retired people on how they can have a happier life."]], "questions": ["What is the passage mainly about?", "What can be concluded from the passage?", "What is the writer's main purpose of writing this passage?"], "article": "One of the serious problems for today's society is who should be responsible for the old and how to improve their lives. It is not only a financial problem but also a question of the system we want for our society. I would like to suggest several possible solutions to this problem.\nFirst,employers should take the responsibility for their retired employees. To make this possible,a percentage of profits should be set aside for this purpose. But when a company must take lifelong responsibility for its employees,it may suffer from a commercial disadvantage due to higher employee costs.\nAnother way of solving the problem is to return the responsibility to the individual. This means each person must save during his working years to pay for his years of retirement. This does not seem a very fair model since some people have enough trouble paying for their daily life without trying to earn extra to cover their retirement years. This means the government might have to step in to care for the poor.\nIn addition,the government could take the responsibility for the care of the old. This could be financed through government taxes to increase the level of pensions. Furthermore,some institutions should be created for senior citizens,which can help provide a comfortable life for them. Unfortunately,as the present situation in our country shows,this is not a truly viable answer. The government can seldom afford to care for the old,particularly when it is busy trying to care for the young.\nOne further solution is that the government or social organizations establish some workplaces especially for the old where they are independent.\nTo sum up,all these options have advantages and disadvantages. Therefore,it is reasonable to expect that some combination of these options may be needed to provide the care we hope to give to the old generations.", "id": "high16625.txt"}