{"answers": ["B", "D", "C"], "options": [["Runners and cyclists cannot train because of the wet or slippery roads in winter.", "Downhill skiing used to be more difficult to learn because of the old-fashioned skis.", "People can rent snowshoes for a day at their local sports shops or the rental places.", "In general, first skills are more important in skiing than in snowboarding or skating."], ["Don't let an inexperienced doctor perform an operation on you when injured.", "You may have a brain operation if you ski or skate with a newcomer.", "Instructors can give better advice on skiing and skating than your friends do.", "It's dangerous to have an inexpert person teach you to ski or skate."], ["High school students.", "Physical educators.", "Winter sports lovers.", "Professional athletes."]], "questions": ["What can we learn from the passage?", "What does the sentence \"You wouldn't let an inexperienced doctor perform a brain operation on you, but why let one teach you to ski or skate?\" imply?", "Who are the most likely readers of the passage?"], "article": "Winter is a great time to experiment with new sports. The key is to find one that matches your interests and natural abilities. If you like to walk, keep walking -- on snowshoes. If you want to try an endurance sport, go for cross-country skiing. Besides, snowboarding is just great fun. \nNot satisfied with these? Try downhill skiing, then. Downhill skiing is not as hard as it used to be -- shorter, lightweight, curved skis make any beginner feel like an Olympic winner. These newer skis -- along with another type of equipment called skiboards, which are even shorter than skis -- help you control your speed and body movements. \nConsider testing the latest high-tech skis or snowboards?Check with your local sports shops or the rental places at the ski mountains about sample programs. \nYou could also try sledding. Use a wood-framed sled with steel runners or a plastic sled to head down a snowy hill. If you prefer ice to snow, think hockey or figure skating. \nRunners can also train during the winter in spite of wet or slippery roads. One of the easiest sports around, snowshoeing can be excellent cold-weather cross-training for runners and cyclists -- or anyone wanting to take a wintry walk in the woods. Snowshoes are smaller, lighter, and better than ever. If you want to try them out, you may be able to rent a pair for a day at many of the larger outdoor or sporting goods stores. \nWhatever sport you choose, don't rely on a friend for instruction. You wouldn't let an inexperienced doctor perform a brain operation on you, but why let one teach you to ski or skate? That's what instructors are for -- to help newcomers start out right. Instructors can give you advice about equipment, techniques, safety, and dealing with injuries if they do happen to you. \nAbove all, if you want to progress, invest your time in learning the basic skills thoroughly. Everything else you do as a skier, boarder, or skater will be built on these first skills.", "id": "high16627.txt"}