{"answers": ["D", "C"], "options": [["Because she sees her family sleeping peacefully.", "Because she finishes her favorite exercise", "Because she enjoys the interesting DVD", "Because she feels a sense of achievement"], ["She acts in a strange way", "She wants to look different from others", "She aims to develop a good body shape", "She has difficult getting along with others"]], "questions": ["Why is there a smile on the author's face in the morning?", "What can we learn about the author from the text?"], "article": "It's 5:00 in the morning when the alarm   rings in my ears. I roll out of bed and walk blindly through the dark into the bathroom. I turn on the light and put on my glasses. The house is still as I walk downstairs while my husband and three kids sleep peacefully. Usually I go for a long run, but today I choose my favorite exercise DVD, Insanity. Sweat pours down my face and into my eyes. My heart races as I face my body to finish each movement. As I near the end of the exercise ,I feel extremely tired, but a smile is of my face. It's a smile because the DVD is over , but a smile of success from pushing my body to its extreme limit.\nSome people enjoy shopping, smoking , food, work, or even chocolate. But I need exercise to get through each day. Some shake heads when they see me run through the town. Others get hurt when I refuse to try just one bite of their grandmother's chocolate cake. They raise their eyebrows, surprised by my \"no thank you,\" or by my choice to have a salad. Over the years , I have learned it's okay to just say \"no.\" I shouldn't feel sorry for refusing food that I don't want to eat.\nSo what drives me to roll out of bed at 5:00 a.m.? What gives me the reason to just say no to ice cream? _ t. A commitment to change my life with a way that reduces daily anxiety, increases self -confidence and energy, extends life and above all improves my body shape. This is the point where a smile appears on my face as I look at myself in the mirror or try on my favorite pair of jeans that now fit just right. It's through commitment and sweat that I can make a difference within myself inside and out.", "id": "high1664.txt"}