{"answers": ["C", "A", "A", "D", "B"], "options": [["are the tallest birds in the world", "aren't birds at all", "are increasing in the past 15 years", "have no team spirit"], ["adult cranes", "food suppliers", "temporary habitats", "hunting tools"], ["the aircraft make a great difference to the cranes", "the aircraft don't have an effect on the cranes", "the cranes get lost frequently", "the cranes fly to Florida nonstop"], ["Whooping cranes are famous for their height.", "The pilots wear helmets and gowns to attract people's attention.", "Whooping cranes want to migrate north in the autumn.", "Whooping cranes will migrate on their own this spring."], ["Baby whooping cranes don't have parents around.", "Pilots show baby whooping cranes how to migrate.", "Whooping cranes are becoming endangered.", "Whooping cranes are a clever species."]], "questions": ["We can learn from the passage that whooping cranes    .", "The three-wheeled aircraft serve as    .", "It can be inferred from the passage that    .", "According to the passage, which of the following is TRUE?   .", "What's the main idea of the passage?"], "article": "High in the sky, a group of birds fly past. The 5-foot-tall creatures are whooping cranes, the tallest birds in North America noted for its loud call. The wild animals appear to be following much larger birds. But those aren't birds at all. They are three-wheeled aircraft called trikes , and the pilots flying them are wearing white helmets and white gowns. That plan might sound like a stupid idea, but it's not. The pilots are from an organization called Operation Migration. They are helping the whooping cranes learn to migrate, or move from one area to another when the seasons change. The cranes are endangered. In 1941,the species had dwindled to roughly 20 birds because of hunting and habitat loss. US wildlife officials counted 149 whooping cranes in November 1995,the most since the American government began taking censuses in the 1930s.Today,about 380 remain.\nIn the fall, whooping cranes are supposed to migrate south. However, many of them don't know how. \"With so few birds left, young whooping cranes typically don't have parents around to teach them,\" explains pilot Joe Duff.\nThat's where the trikes come in. Each October, pilots dress up as whooping cranes and take to the skies in Wisconsin. The young birds follow them because they think the trikes are big whooping cranes.\nIt takes about three months to reach south--with plenty of rest stops on the way. The pilots lead the cranes to refuges, or protected areas, in Florida.\nThis spring, the birds will migrate north by themselves--no trikes needed! \"It's nice because you know the birds are going to make it,\" Duff told WR News.", "id": "high16655.txt"}