{"answers": ["D", "D", "B"], "options": [["Rupert Hoogewerf is from Holland.", "Many Chinese merchants like Rupert Hoogewerf very much.", "Ordinary people take delight in talking with the Englishman.", "Rupert Hoogewerf speaks fluent Chinese."], ["Chinese companies are satisfying and need no improvement.", "Chinese companies should extend their business relationship with foreign companies.", "Chinese companies should invest more money in poor areas.", "Chinese companies need to work hard to improve their finance management and public relations."], ["As Chinese companies are still in the beginning phase, Hoogewerf doesn't feel happy to work in China.", "If Hoogewerf doesn't compile ranks one day, he will choose to work in China.", "Hoogewerf puts out the report ranking Chinese millionaires every other year.", "Hoogewerf doesn't have a good relationship with Chinese millionaires."]], "questions": ["Which of the following sentences is true according to the passage?", "Which of the following sentences might Hoogewerf agree with?", "What can be implied from the passage?"], "article": "Rupert Hoogewerf, whose name sounds Dutch, is actually an Englishman. The 34-year-old man is very famous in prefix = st1 /China--though many Chinese merchant princes have complicated feeling towards him. Every day people, meanwhile, take delight in talking about his work. All of the fuss is over the annual report that Hoogewerf puts out ranking Chinese millionaires.\nOn the wall of Hoogewerf's office in Shanghai, there is a massive Chinese map, and on almost every province is glued a small strip of paper. On each strip is written how many millionaires are registered on Hoogewerf's list. Hoogewerf, wearing jeans and sandals, speaks fluent Chinese to introduce the initial motivation for compiling the list.\nWhen Hoogewerf went into university to study Chinese in 1997, he says, he was affiliated with the renowned accounting firm Arthur Andersen, and was assigned to work in Shanghai. Working in Shanghai, he could see first-handChina's fast economic development.\n\"But my fellows and I don't understand the process of how this could happen,\" he says, \"let alone to explain this phenomenon in the concept of economics.\"\nThen he had an idea to compile a ranked list to introduce Chinese tycoons abroad, knowing that foreigners preferred reading people's stories to data.\nWith the help of two colleagues in 1999, Hoogewerf complied the first ranking of Chinese millionaires. The most difficult task was to select candidates, and Hoogewerf and his colleagues spent two months reading Chinese and English magazines and newspapers. From a list of more than 1,000 people, they chose 300 people to survey and contact further. Finally, a list with the hundred richest businessmen in Chinaappeared. The listing astounded the populace; the Chinese have a tradition where people are afraid to exhibit their wealth. The achievement of a hundred millionaires became the main topic in everyone's conversation. Hoogewerf instantly became famous acrossChina.\nHoogewerf also brings forward some advice to Chinese companies. In his opinion, compared to foreign companies, Chinese companies are still in the beginning phase. Their finance management and public relations need most work. So the service in accountant, auditing, public relations, consultation and so on is still required.\n\"If I don't compile ranks one day,\" Hoogewerf says,\"I hope to do my Chinese career in  _ .\"", "id": "high16667.txt"}