{"answers": ["C", "A", "B"], "options": [["by raising his own examples.", "based on his own experience.", "by mentioning some studies.", "by mentioning some typical patients."], ["support the viewpoint that anger and hatred harm physical and mental health.", "introduce a famous expert.", "let the reader know the different colours of cartoon faces.", "show how to control one's temper."], ["Forgiveness.", "Forgiveness Is Good for Health.", "A Secret to Keeping Health.", "Anger Is Bad for Health."]], "questions": ["The author of the passage tries to make his viewpoint clear   _  .", "The example of the cartoon book characters is taken in the passage to  _  .", "The best title for this passage is probably   _  ."], "article": "Forgiving someone who has hurt you or let you down is never an easy thing. Several new studies, however, say that it could have a lot of health benefits. When you think of forgiveness, you probably don't think of it as being a health or medical problem. Studies from Stanford University, on the other hand, show that something like anger can change your well-being.\nWhen cartoon book characters like the incredible  Hulk get angry, they change colours and often gain special power. In the real world, anger is less obvious and may be more dangerous. That's why Professor Fred Luskin, founder of the Stanford Forgiveness Project and author of Forgive for Good, says holding on to anger and hatred can harm your physical and mental health. Two new studies seem to show the same idea.\nThe studies find that people who are able to forgive feel less stress, less back pain, and less depression .  They also have fewer headaches, lower blood pressure, and fewer problems on sleeping.\nSo it doesn't matter if your anger is caused by the traffic or other things. Learning to let it go is important. Techniques such as deep breath or thought can help. Or just ask yourself if it's worth hurting yourself by staying angry with someone else.\nForgiveness does not mean that you simply accept what happened and say it's OK. Instead, it's a way of making peace with yourself about what happened in the past.", "id": "high1666.txt"}