{"answers": ["D", "D", "A"], "options": [["the lack of professional learning", "mistakes throughout his writings", "expressions based on Chinese thoughts", "poor pronunciation www.ks5u.com"], ["tell us that English is hard to learn", "tell us it is important to learn English", "show that he has learned English very well", "tell us how to learn English well through his own experience"], ["by himself", "by turning to English teachers", "in English classes", "with the help of his parents"]], "questions": ["The author's weaknesses in English don't include  _  .", "The author intends to   _  .", "The author learns English   _  ."], "article": "My experience in learning English is very simple. I am at the level that almost everyone can reach. Though I focused on English for over two years, an English expert or a native speaker can easily find out my problems--the lack of professional learning, mistakes throughout my writings, and sentences and expressions based on Chinese thoughts. Though I have many weaknesses in English, I have harvested a lot of things many people at my age wish to have. This proves that English, considered a subject that can hardly be self-taught, may be acquired   through everyday learning and practice. Some of my friends, including my parents, think it is a miracle  . They believe it is my perseverance that helps me learn English. It helps, I admit, but it deserves not all the credit. I don't know yet if it's difficult to overcome my weaknesses, but I know I'll be proud of myself when I grasp everything that helps improve my English.\nMany students with English teachers to turn to, English classes to study in and new English learning devices and books to refer to, can't learn English well. Why? To answer that question, I have to ask you, \"Why do you learn English?\" I may receive many different answers, but there is a direct answer: To use it every day. From this point we know there's great similarity between English and other subjects like maths. Not everyone becomes mathematician, but everyone must learn to use it in daily life.", "id": "high16668.txt"}