{"answers": ["B", "C", "D", "A"], "options": [["Steven's elder sister.", "An adopted girl.", "Jason's close friend.", "The writer's niece."], ["How Steven can get along well with Katerina.", "How Katerina can communicate with Jason and her.", "Whether Katerina will adapt herself to the school life.", "Whether she can be a good mother to Katerina."], ["gets very fat", "becomes depressed", ", remains frightened", "is well treated"], ["A diary.", "An advertisement.", "An essay.", "A speech."]], "questions": ["Who is Katerina?", "When back at home, what is the writer most worried about?", "From the passage we know that in her new family Katerina   _  .", "Where is the passage most probably from?"], "article": "January 1: It has happened. I got a call today saying a little girl in Russia is now my little girl. There are a lot of papers to prepare, and we have to travel to Russia to bring her home, but now it is certain. I think I'll tell some close friends. Jason is so excited. I haven't told Steven yet. How can I tell a seven-year-old that he has a sister who is already five years old?\nJanuary 10: Today I received a picture of Katerina. The picture is small and not very clear, but I look at it over and over again. I don't know anything else about her. She has lived in a home for children without parents for most of her life. I wonder how I will talk to her. I don't speak Russian, and she doesn't speak English.\nFebruary 1: Today I showed Katerina's picture to Steven. He is very happy and wants to tell all his friends about his new sister. I want to buy some new clothes for Katerina, but I don't know her size. I haven't received any information from the adoption organization, and I'm feeling a little worried.\nFebruary 16: Finally! Today we received good news! All the papers are ready and tomorrow we will go to Russia to bring Katerina home with us.\nFebruary 18: Today I met my daughter for the first time. She is very small, very thin, and very shy. On the way home in the airplane, she slept most of the time. When she woke up, she cried. I am very worried and hope that I can be a good mother to Katerina.\nFebruary 19: Steven met his sister this morning. Although Katerina was quiet at first, soon she and Steven began to talk in a mix of Russian, English, and hand movements. Steven and his sister get along well together. In fact, he is able to help her talk with Jason and me. I am worried about how Katerina will be in school. Next week she will start school. How will she speak with the other children? How will she understand her teacher?www.ks5u.com \nMarch 21: Katerina looks much better now. She is heavier, her hair looks good, and her skin is clear. She loves to watch television with her brother, and she has learned to roller-skate. She is doing well in school, and her English gets better every day. Although she sometimes looks sad, and sometimes cries, most of the time she is happy. I think she is slowly getting used to her new life with us. After only three months, I can't believe I could ever live my life without her.", "id": "high16671.txt"}