{"answers": ["C", "D", "C", "D", "A"], "options": [["you get the habit of staying up late", "you haven't taken sleeping pills", "you sleep for hours after dinner", "you fail to do some exercises"], ["Go to bed earlier than usual.", "Talk with friends after dinner.", "Stay with friends after dinner.", "Do some physical labor."], ["you stay up too late", "you get up too early in the morning", "you take sleeping pills", "you wake up too frequently at night"], ["You mustn't take sleeping pills in order to get a good night's sleep.", "You should stay up if you want to sleep effectively.", "Food is necessary at night if you fail to go to sleep.", "It is very important to get out of the habit of taking a nap after dinner."], ["doctor", "reporter", "scientist", "professor"]], "questions": ["According to the writer, it is difficult for you to go to sleep because   _   .", "Which of the following is NOT TRUE if you want to get out of the habit of sleeping during the evening?", "You feel tired all day probably because   _   .", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?", "We may infer that the author is most probably a   _   ."], "article": "I don't think there is anything wrong with your blood. The key to your problem is that long nap after dinner. If you didn't sleep for hours during the early part of the evening, you would be more ready to sleep at bedtime. If you didn't nap after dinner, you would not want to stay up so late, and you would not feel the need to take a sleeping pill. The pill is still working in your system when you get up in the morning. This helps account for the fact that you feel tired all day.\nYou should get out of the habit of sleeping during the early evening. Right after your evening meal, engage in some sort of physical activity-a sport such as bowling, perhaps. Or get together with friends for an evening of cards and conversation. Then go to bed at your usual time or a little earlier, and you should be able to get a good night's rest without taking a pill.\nIf you can get into the habit of spending your evenings this way, I am sure you will feel less tired during the day. At first it may be hard for you to go to sleep without taking a pill. If so, get up and watch television or do some jobs around your house until you feel sleepy. If you fall asleep and then wake up a few hours later, get up but do not take a sleeping pill. Read a while or listen to the radio, and make yourself a few hours' sleep that night, you will feel better in the morning than you usually feel after taking a pill. The next night you will be ready to sleep at an earlier hour.\nThe most important thing is to avoid taking that nap right after dinner and avoid taking pills.", "id": "high16682.txt"}