{"answers": ["D", "C", "B", "C"], "options": [["experienced architects", "architectural designers", "high school graduates", "graduates of technical schools"], ["the architect's rough drawings and directions", "the ideas and directions for the project", "the plans and details for the actual construction", "the designer's handbooks, tables and building codes"], ["They all work in groups with a project architect.", "They are the main members of the architectural team.", "They provide labor and building materials.", "They give guides to inexperienced architects."], ["An architect education.", "The spirit of team work.", "Accuracy in the drawings.", "Advanced drawing aids."]], "questions": ["According to the passage, career draftsmen are usually   _  .", "We can learn from the passage that \"working drawings\" refers to   _  .", "What can we learn about draftsmen from the passage?", "What is most essential for draftsmen's work according to the author?"], "article": "If you try to explain to someone, without using pictures, how to build the building that you have designed, it would take an enormous amount of writing and might end up with a very funny-looking building. The architect uses pictures called details to show how many hundreds of parts go together to form a complete building. This type of drawing is called drafting and is done by people called draftsmen. \nDraftsmen make up the largest group of the architectural offices' work force. Because of the wide range of duties they perform, draftsmen are sometimes called architectural technicians. In a typical office, there are not only career draftsmen but also architectural graduates working as junior draftsmen to learn the trade. Career draftsmen are usually graduates from a two-year junior college called technical school. There was a time when architectural office used young people right out of high school as tracers. Their job was to trace over the other people's details while learning to be a draftsman. This is no longer possible with the fast-pace of architects' offices today although a junior draftsman is given guides by the more experienced employees.\n     So a good comprehensive architectural drafting course is a must before anyone seeks a job with an architectural firm. The job of the draftsmen is to translate the ideas and directions of architects, designers and engineers into complete and accurate working drawings. These become the plans and details used in the actual construction of a building. The project must be shown in great detail and drawn very clearly, so there is no chance for misunderstanding by the contractors . Every line and figure has an effect on the finished product.\n     As you can see, the draftsman is a key member of the architectural team. Of course, a junior draftsman is not expected to produce a complete set of working drawings. Depending on the size of the office and difficulty of the project, draftsmen may work in groups. The group leader coordinates the group and works closely with the project architect while the drawings are being produced.\n     Working conditions are mostly very pleasant as draftsmen's work is intense and many people depend on accurate work. Each draftsman has a large combination drawing board and desk with various drawing aids. Almost without exception, members of the architectural team have at one time in their careers worked as draftsmen. This is essential to an architect education and most architects never get very far away from the drafting board.", "id": "high16696.txt"}