{"answers": ["B", "A", "C"], "options": [["The origin of beauty contests", "A look at beauty contests", "Famous international beauty contests", "The success of beautiful women"], ["In Belgium", "In America", "In England", "In Argentina"], ["find out who was the most beautiful girl", "entertain the local businessmen", "attract tourists to stay at Atlantic City", "promote the idea of Miss America"]], "questions": ["What would be the best title for the passage? www.ks5u.com", "Where was the first beauty contest in the world held?", "According to the passage, the beauty contest in New Jersey in 1921 was held to   _  ."], "article": "The 1800s saw many firsts, including the invention of the bicycle and ready-to-eat cereal. Another interesting event also debuted  in the 1800s. In 1888, the world's first beauty contest was held in Spa, Belgium. Though little is known about that first competition, the idea caught on. Today, beauty contests can be found in countries from Argentina to Zambia.\nMost people agree that the business of beauty contests began in America. In 1921, local businessmen in Atlantic City, New Jersey, wanted summer tourists to stay longer. So they came up with the idea of beauty pageant. The pageant was successful, and 100,000 tourists stayed to see the first \"Miss America\" crowned.\nAfter a few years, the annual event no longer focused only on girl's beauty. A talent competition was added in 1938. And not long after that, college scholarships became the official contest prize. These were just the beginning of the changes for the beauty contest industry. www.ks5u.com\nFrom the mid-to late-20th century, beauty contests began popping up everywhere. In 1951, the Miss World Pageant got its start in London. Over time, this contest has changed its focus from beauty alone to beauty and intelligence. Miss Universe began in 1952,Miss International in 1960 and Miss Earth in 2001. Today, these still are considered the four most famous international beauty contests.\nThrough the years, controversy has surrounded beauty contests. Many people have objected to women competing in swimsuits as it only calls attention to one's looks. Outside pressure and changes in society, therefore, brought about changes in the beauty contest world. Today, women are judged on areas other than just appearance. These include intelligence, speaking ability, poise and talent.\nThe women who compete in the pageants are often asked why they do it. Many say it's because the contests build their confidence and public speaking skills and offer scholarships. Today, millions of women worldwide compete for these very reasons.", "id": "high16691.txt"}