{"answers": ["B", "D"], "options": [["that more and more Americans like Latin music", "what makes Latin music develop fast in American market", "why Latin music becomes Americans' favorite music", "that Latin music is bringing in more benefits for Americans"], ["The variety of Latin music in America.", "The economic development in Hispanic area.", "The historic development of Mexican music.", "The driving forces of regional Mexican music"]], "questions": ["The passage mainly tells readers   _  .", "Suppose that passage doesn't finish, which of the following may be discussed next?"], "article": "Forget Miami, Los Angeles and prefix = st1 /New York. The next big Latin music explosion is on its way in secondary markets across theUnited States, and the numbers are there to back it up. Among all genres ,Latin music was the only one registering growth in 2005. From tiny Vero Beach in northern Florida to Des Moines, Iowa, in the heart of the Midwest, from Charlotte, N. C. to Salt Lake City, Latin music sales are _ \nWilson says there are two major reasons for the increase. One is simply the Hispanic  population's increase in specific areas, which encourages stores to carry Latin product for the first time. Second, and perhaps more important, is the fact that major companies--whether dealing in music or not--are addressing the Latin consumer at a corporate   level, creating Latin departments and hiring Latin ad agencies. One of Handleman's suburban Detroitstores, for example, has expanded its Latin section four times in the last two years. Cities like Milwaukee andDes Moinesare now stocking Latin product.\nBesides, it also results from economic development. It goes something like this: More often than not, a city or country with a seeming important Hispanic population will suddenly expand its construction or offer affordable housing to those working in larger, neighboring cities. This attracts lower-income workers, many of whom are Latin. Small shops and groceries begin to stock a small selection of music. When the Latin population numbers reach a critical mass, the local mass merchant, if there is one, begins stocking the product. Sooner or later, a local radio station follows; first AM, then FM. Sometimes it's a cable TV show or a small TV station.\nOf course, there are other driving forces that should not be forgotten, for example, regional Mexican music.", "id": "high16733.txt"}