{"answers": ["C", "B"], "options": [["His great success in Irish traditional songs.", "His grandfather's band.", "Musical traditions of Scotland and Ireland.", "Charles Dickens' novels."], ["Declan Galbraith liked the novelist Charles Dickens.", "Declan Galbraith began his success in singing at 7 years old. k%s5$u", "Declan Galbraith sang for his grandfather's band.", "Declan Galbraith only sang songs about Ireland."]], "questions": ["What greatly affected Declan Galbraith in his early singing career?", "According to the passage, which of the following statements is TRUE?"], "article": "If God could sing, his name must be Declan Galbraith. The boy was born on December 19, 1991 in the UK. He is an English singer of Scottish and Irish origin. His grandfather, who was in a band and played several instruments, often took Declan to concerts he was participating in. The mix of Scottish and Irish musical traditions inspired Declan and became his early musical influence. k%s5$u\nDeclan's talent was publicly acknowledged   for the first time when, at just 7 years old, he insisted on singing at the annual Rochester Dickens Festival, a two-day event where people were invited to dress up in Victorian costumes to celebrate the life and times of the famous novelist Charles Dickens and his links with town. Little Declan, dressed up as a chimney sweep, started singing. Soon after this, he started to enter local talent contests and within a year he had won 15 titles and more than PS1000.\nHis first self-titled album, Declan, with Irish traditional songs and some specially written materials became a big success and charted in the UK and Ireland. Within the year of release   , it had 200 000 copies in Germany.\nAlthough Declan is a British citizen and singer, Declan is better-known abroad, especially in China where his songs were chosen as part of the Chinese education curriculum for children learning English. In May 2008, Declan undertook a successful tour in China, and the cities included were Beijing and Shenzhen.", "id": "high16741.txt"}