{"answers": ["B", "C", "B"], "options": [["Most movies are about relationships between friends.", "Most movies describe stories that happen in our life.", "Movies about friendship are popular with young men.", "Movies always show relationships in the same way."], ["Friends must part in the end.", "A good book is a good friend.", "A friend in need is a friend indeed.", "A friend is easier lost than found."], ["Movies about friendship.", "Friendship in movies.", "Ways of making movies.", "Ways of making friends."]], "questions": ["Which of the following may the author accept?", "Which of the following opinions agrees with the passage?", "What is mainly talked about in this passage?"], "article": "Most of the movies show our relationships and our society. What's more important is that people love to watch highs and lows of the relationships in movies. Friendship has been the favorite subject of movie makers for a long time. Many movies are based on lovely relationships like friendship. Friendship can be between two persons or among more than two persons. Movies based on friendship make us remember that the relationship among friends is delicate  . These movies also show how important it is to have a true friend in life and to own the friendship.\nFriendship is described in different ways in movies. These movies show different faces of this lovely relationship including the pleasant and interesting faces .Let us discuss how friendship is described in movies.\nFriends share common interests:In most of the movies, it is shown that two people become friends easily when they share some common interests. For example, two friends may be in love with the same sports, studying in the same school or living in the same neighborhood.You can see such friendship in movies such as \"Harry Potter\" and \"Lord of Rings\". Harry Potter has two friends. All of them are interested in the use of magic.\nFriends make sacrifices  : In most of the movies,friends make sacrifices for each other. A good example is \"Sholay\". In this movie,there are two friends Jay and Veeru who are there for each other till death. Jay sacrifices his life to save his friend.\nFriends never run away from difficulties: In movies,it is always shown that true friends always stand up for their friends in times of difficulties.\nUnderstanding: In movies,friends understand each other without even saying a word. A single smile can brighten up the faces of all the friends.", "id": "high16744.txt"}