{"answers": ["C", "D"], "options": [["warn people of their bad eating habits in the developed countries", "remind people of the relation between food and weight gain", "inform people of the causes of weight gain in the developed countries", "tell people that fatness in the developed countries is natural"], ["carry umbrellas with them", "blame the fatness on the weather", "grow a lot of healthy foods in their countries", "eat to protect themselves from the cold"]], "questions": ["The purpose of the author in writing the text is to  _  .", "People in the developed countries often  _  ."], "article": "More and more people are coming under the umbrella of fatness in modern times. Not just adults,but even children are getting overweight. Today some of the newborn babies are also born fat. It has been proved that the people living in the developed Western countries are more likely to become overweight. There are a number of causes behind this.\nThe people in the developed countries including the United States almost enjoy all the comforts of life. Almost all the things in the lives of the people living in these countries are at their fingertips. A very limited amount of movement and physical effort is required to do any kind of job. Because of the fact that these countries are quite developed,most of the jobs that the people take up are desk jobs. So the lifestyle of them is just around the office desk.\nMost of the developed Western countries are cold ones. Nature demands that people eat the food that can somehow make them stand the coldness. Therefore,wine,fatty dairy products,bread,junk food and red meat become an important diet in these countries.\nHowever,the blame cannot be entirely put on the unhealthy eating habits of the people. Technology allows them to import almost all the food products that they do not grow. Although some healthy food are grown in the countries nowadays,the quantity is very limited. It is not enough to meet the demand. So when they are not available and fatty foods are cheaper,then people prefer to go for the eating habit that they have always been following.", "id": "high16742.txt"}