{"answers": ["D", "C", "B", "A"], "options": [["improve your English grammar", "speak English more fluently", "gain the skills of writing", "learn more new words"], ["Most people think it is convenient to learn English by listening to English songs.", "It's hard for people to improve their listening skills by listening to English songs.", "It's a good idea to learn to speak with an English accent by listening to English songs.", "It's rare to hear normal people speak English like they are singing."], ["Most of them are vivid and interesting.", "They are seldom used in people's everyday life.", "English learners should learn more of them.", "They can help people improve their pronunciation."], ["an experienced English learner", "a well-known pop singer", "a Chinese music fan", "an American teacher"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, listening to English songs can help you   _", "Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage?", "What can we learn about the words in English songs?", "It can be inferred from the passage that the writer may be   _  ."], "article": "English songs have been very popular for people around the world for many decades. Songs from Elvis Presley to Ricky Martin, from the Beatles to Eminem and from Natalie Cole to Britney Spears have all been enjoyed by people around the world, even for people who don't speak English, and even for people who speak zero English.\nFrom my experience, some people listen to English songs for 20-30 years but still don't achieve any good English skills. Some people choose English songs to be their main learning method, but most of them fail.\nListening to English songs does not help you to speak English fluently. It does help you gain some vocabulary, but most of these words are unusual ones that you don't use in everyday life. You won't learn the sentence \"It is a difficult project. We really need to meet the deadline.\" in any English songs. All you will hear are love, passion, affection, hate and blue, for the feeling, not the color1.\nPeople like using English songs to practice English skills because it's easy and enjoyable. They think that sitting in the car listening to English songs day after day will improve their English skills. It actually will not.\nYou will definitely not improve your listening skills because normal people don't speak with a tune. People don't talk like Eminem's songs. You can't get yourself familiar with English pronunciation or accent just from listening to English songs. The words that they pronounce in the songs are not the words that you will hear in your everyday life. They can even confuse you more about how English is pronounced.\nI would fully encourage you to watch English movies and listen to radio news or other normal talks, but not music. Of course, you can consume it for fun but not with the aim of improving your English skills. Having good English skills is not that easy. Remember you should work hard to improve your English step by step.ks5u", "id": "high16756.txt"}