{"answers": ["D", "A", "D", "C", "B"], "options": [["finding many more good jobs", "a better chance of finishing high school", "a promotion and earning more money", "cheating others easily"], ["You'll communicate with most doctors and pharmacists better.", "You can find cheap, free medical help for your family.", "You can find important information for your family .", "You can take your GRE."], ["Most doctors and pharmacists in America.", "A vocational school for practical English.", "Colleges for special English.", "The Beehive for an English course."], ["A Notice.", "A magazine.", "An advertisement.", "A newspaper."], ["Learning English has a powerful effect on your job.", "Learn more English, your life will be sweeter.", "If you speak English better, you'll find more jobs.", "it is never too late to find out the right type of education!"]], "questions": ["Learning English well can help us in the following things EXCEPT  _  .", "How can English benefit you in America?", "If you want to learn English well, where should you learn?", "Which kind of article is this passage?", "What would be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "Learning English has a powerful effect on the type of job you can get. If you don't speak English well, you won't find many jobs, and yes, you'll earn much less money. Only 2% of company managers can't speak English! Your family can also benefit from you learning English. And you can learn with them, helping each other as a family. Children have up to a 40% better chance of finishing high school if their parents speak English well. If you speak English better , you'll find more jobs--- good jobs. Or you can get a promotion and earn more money. Learn how the Beehive can help you find the right job.\nSchool. Children go to their parents when they need help with school. If you speak better English, you can help your child with homework and you can also talk to teachers and other parents.\nHealth. Most doctors and pharmacists  in America only speak English, and if you can explain what the problem is and understand what the doctor is saying, you'll get better sooner! On the Beehive, you can find cheap, free medical help or find important information for your family. \nEducation. With a little more English, you might be able to take your high school diploma (GED), go to a vocational school to learn a profession or even go to college! Find out what type of education is right for you, and how to do it. It is never too late!\nMoney. If you understand what people tell you at the bank, a store or a lawyer's office, nobody will be able to cheat you! With more English, you can save more, send more money to your family and even start your own business. Don't wait! Find an English course now! And remember, with the Beehive you can practice English and find a good job, open a bank account or find a doctor! The Beehive is written very clearly so you can make life better. Many people are doing it!", "id": "high16751.txt"}