{"answers": ["D", "B", "D", "A", "A"], "options": [["nuclear mystery", "radiation detection", "radiation level", "nuclear radiation"], ["when it kills a few cells", "if it damages a few cells", "though the damaged cells can repair themselves", "unless the damaged cells can reproduce themselves"], ["kill large numbers of cells in main organs", "replace cells which may grow into cancer years later", "affect the healthy growth of our younger generation", "A and C"], ["The importance of protection from radiation cannot be overemphasized .", "The mystery about radiation has been solved.", "Cancer is only caused by radiation.", "Radiation can hurt those who do know about its danger."], ["Radiation Can Hurt Us.", "Radiation Is the Source of Cancer.", "Radiation Is a Subject Scientists Work on.", "Radiation Is a Mystery."]], "questions": ["According to the passage, the danger of nuclear power lies in   _  .", "Radiation can lead to serious trouble even at the lowest level   _  .", "Radiation can hurt us so much that it can   _  .", "Which of the following can be best inferred from the passage?", "What would be the best title of the text?"], "article": "Nuclear radiation has a certain mystery, partly because it cannot be detected  by human senses. It can't be seen or heard, or touched or tasted, even though it may be all around us. There are other things like that. For example, radio waves are all around but we can't detect them or sense them without a radio receiver. Similarly, we can't sense radioactivity without a radiation detector. But unlike common radio waves, nuclear radiation is not harmless to human beings and other living things.\nAt very high levels, radiation can kill an animal or human being outright by killing masses of cells in important organs. Even the lowest levels can do serious damage. There is no level of radiation that is completely safe. If the radiation does not hit anything important, the damage may not be serious. This is the case when only a few cells are hit, and when they are killed outright. Your body will replace the dead cells with healthy ones. But if the few cells are only damaged, and if they reproduce themselves, you may be in trouble. They reproduce themselves in an unusual way. They can grow into cancer. Sometimes this does not show up for many years.\nThis is another reason for some of the mystery about nuclear radiation. Serious damage can be done without the knowledge of the person at the time that damage has occurred. A person can be irradiated and feel fine, then die of cancer five, ten, or twenty years later as a result. A child can be born weak or easy to get serious illness as a result of radiation absorbed by its grandparents.", "id": "high1676.txt"}