{"answers": ["C", "B", "C"], "options": [["She felt proud of her children.", "She felt eager to go back to work.", "She felt both very anxious and helpless.", "She felt worried about her children's growth."], ["They were too much and made her suffer a lot.", "They were worthwhile  though she lost something.", "They were easy to get when one had little knowledge.", "They were too much compared to her other classmates'."], ["My ways of improving myself", "My days at the community college", "From a stay-at-home mother to a college graduate", "From a non-traditional student to a great mother"]], "questions": ["How did the author feel after her youngest child entered kindergarten?", "How did the author look at the sacrifices she had made?", "Which is the best title for the text?"], "article": "Our youngest child eagerly entered kindergarten, while our oldest child excitedly went to college--and I felt left behind. After being very happy as a stay-at-home mother of six children, I suddenly felt stuck on a dead-end road and lacked direction. An inner anxiety troubled me that life was passing by. The road, requiring expensive education, appeared too long and difficult.\nThanks to supportive friends and family, I eventually discovered the road sign pointing to the ideal program at an excellent college, which offered a lot of student grants . Driving to my first class, I, aged 40, was eager and nervous.\nSchool required sacrifices : weekends for class, sleep for study, and life's luxuries  for tuition fees. But the rewards greatly outweighed the cost. The narrow and rocky road developed perseverance   and patience, while the smooth and open road built low confidence. Along the way, I met fellow travelers of all ages and interests: a 50-year-old woman who learned photography at the community college; a successful 62-year-old businessman who worked toward a nursing degree to serve in developing countries; an 80-year-old woman who enthusiastically started classes to learn how to surf the Internet, so she could keep up with the world.\nTwelve years after starting the journey as a non-traditional student, I graduated with a doctoral degree in literature. My children have been especially proud, calling me Dr. Mom. When you hear the small, still voice asking you to do something more or different, remember you can trust your heart.", "id": "high16772.txt"}