{"answers": ["B", "C", "A"], "options": [["must be a native of Beichuan", "may be specializing in architecture", "must be a rescue helper", "may be a teacher of prefix = st1 /BeichuanMiddle School"], ["Had more emphasis been put on the safety of the architect, no building would have fallen.", "The sufferers waited too long to get rescued when the earthquake happened,", "When a disaster hits human beings, the safety is important rather than the beauty.", "The damage, the destruction, even the deaths could all have been avoided if rescues had come without delay."], ["Safety Stands out from Anything", "Scenes of Post-disaster", "Importance of Architecture", "Relations between Architecture and Earthquake"]], "questions": ["As is inferred from the passage, the author", "Which of the following statements goes with the author's view?", "What is the best title of this passage?"], "article": "I revisited Beichuan of Mid-Autumn Festival. As the car drove into the ruined city, tears streamed down my cheeks. Giant rocks from the mountain destroyed the road and houses fell, breaking into bricks and pieces of cement . Beichuan Middle School, which was once filled with energy and laughter, now so unrecognizable ,so empery, so quiet, so still, was a death valley.\nI couldn't really imagine at that moment, how much pain they had suffered or how hopeless they felt as they waited to be rescued. Those unfortunate ones watched the devil of death  march over them, taking them away. I can't really imagine how heartbroken their parents or beloved ones were.\nAs I wandered in the ruins, I was lost in deep thoughts.\nThe day before, we were sitting in the brightly lit classroom, heatedly arguing the importance of shapes, color1s and styles in architecture  , comparing ancient time housing with the modern ones. Their similarities, their differences, their pros and cons...\nNow , facing the terrible scene, I realized how childlike we were and how easily we forget the most important element of architect is SAFETY, it is how housing is supposed to be: to _ us from burning sun and pouring rain, to provide us with a comfortable warm place to sleep and relax. Obviously, the style and shape do play important roles in architecture. But when a natural disaster such as this earthquake came upon us without warning, will beauty stay over anybody's life? From this trip, we can no doubt give the clear loud answer; NO!!!\nWords after such a great disaster could appear nothing but empty and pointless. So many people's lives were taken, so much damage was done and a whole city was wiped out. Beichuan has become a history. Nevertheless, I still keep on dreaming and still long for a better future: to make our homes prettier yet safer.", "id": "high16771.txt"}