{"answers": ["C", "B", "C"], "options": [["Only Yao Ming, Ruth and Edna try their best to do things for charity.", "Ruth has given a lot of support to charity although she is not very rich.", "The writer hopes that more people can do something for charity.", "Edna is very rich because she has her own shop."], ["Ruth leads a busy life and she feels very tired", "Rich as she may not be, Edna is willing to help others", "Yao Ming is very proud of what he did for SARS", "Ruth is angry because so many people ask her for money"], ["It's something only people like Ruth can afford to do.", "The writer only informs us of the ways to perform charity.", "Charity is a virtue and he admires those who practice it.", "The writer doesn't make it clear in the passage."]], "questions": ["Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage?", "We can infer from the passage that_.", "What's the writer's attitude towards charity?"], "article": "Difficult times often bring out the best in people. And this was the case for basketball star Yao Ming, who hosted a television show in Shanghai that raised US $ 300, 000 to help researchers find a cure for SARS. Fund-raising, or charity, is an act of goodwill towards others. \nCharities in the West have more ways. Look at a typical day for Ruth, a wealthy woman in the UK, for example. Ruth wakes up in the morning and collects her post. There's a letter addressed to her with a picture of a half-dead, beaten horse. It's from a charity asking Ruth to donate money to save the animals. The door bell rings and there, on Ruth's doorstep, is an old woman asking for money to help the aged. She turns on the television, hears sad music and sees a picture of a wide-eyed child dying of hunger in Africa with an appeal for money to help the child. Ruth then goes shopping for a dress to wear to that evening's large party for the rich and famous. The tickets for charity shows often cost her a large sum of money, but she doesn't mind because most of the money is going to a charity that fights AIDS. She feels good about going because she's helping the sick. \nEdna, a little old lady, looks after an old secondhand shop. Any profit it has made goes to a cancer charity. Now that she has retired, she has plenty of spare time to offer her services for free.  www.ks5u.com\nFor people like Yao Ming, Ruth and Edna, charity is a virtue that holds the same importance in life as faith and hope. \"As you look back on your life, the moments that stand out are the moments when you have done things for others,\" said Scottish author Henry Drummond.", "id": "high16809.txt"}