{"answers": ["A", "D", "C"], "options": [["Care for your dream", "Dream and reality", "Nothing is impossible", "Efforts to be a ballerina will pay"], ["she was bored of dancing and performing", "she had lack of self-respect", "her health conditions allowed her dream to die", "she was deeply affected by others easily"], ["the author was once a pretty and slender girl with wonderful dream.", "we should dare to give up our dream facing much pressure and difficulty", "the author never realized her dream because she didn't carry it out once.", "the author got her dream from others' remarks."]], "questions": ["Which of the following can serve as the best title for the passage?", "The author didn't realize her dream of being a ballerina mainly because  _  .", "From the passage, it can be inferred that   _  ."], "article": "My dream ended when I was born. Although I never knew it then, I just held on to something that would never come to pass. Dreams really do exist. But in the morning when you wake up, they are remembered just as a dream. That is what happened to me. \nI always had the dream to dance like a beautiful ballerina turning around and around and hearing people applaud for me. When I was young, I would turn around and around in the fields of wildflowers that grew in my backyard. Reality woke me up when I heard someone saying, \"I don't know why you bother trying to dance. Ballerinas are pretty and slender  girls. Besides, you don't have the talent to even be a ballerina.\" I remember how those words hurt every feeling in my body. I fell to the ground and wept for hours.  \nI enjoyed hanging out by the water. I would sit there for hours and stare at my reflection . There I was, looking nothing like a pretty ballerina dancer. Reflections don't lie. Once the waves would come, my reflection was washed away just like my dream to dance.  www.ks5u.com\nAs I grew older, I began to realize that the reason my dream was even born was because it was something that was inside of me. The dream I had was never nurtured  and cared for, so it slowly died. It's not that I wanted it to die, but I allowed it to die the day I started listening to the words, \"You can't do it.\" When I finally woke up from many years of dreaming, I realized that you can't only settle for dancing in the wildflowers, you have to move on to the platform.", "id": "high16805.txt"}