{"answers": ["B", "D"], "options": [["to realize the quality of the work", "to pay attention to details of one's work", "to do as many jobs as possible", "to form the habit of doing things ahead of time"], ["introduce the famous painter Michelangelo", "advise us to do the things that are worth doing", "explain to us the meaning of the perfection", "expect us to give our best to our work"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, to achieve perfection is   _  .", "The purpose of writing this passage is to   _  ."], "article": "Have you heard of the saying, \"If anything is worth doing, it is worth doing well\"? The proverb is a piece of advice to make effects towards perfection in whichever job one does. It could be a small task like folding up your clothes, or a major one like organizing a business meeting in your later life.\nPerfection just needs paying attention to details. If it is your job to dust the furniture at home, dust it so that not a single spot of dirt shows from any direction. If your task is to make the beds, make them so that not a single crease shows on the bed-covers.\nThere are only two ways to do a job: either sloppily, or well. If you choose the latter, you need to realize that any job that qualifies as (...)\"your\" work deserves your best. Perfection is an attitude that can be developed with just a little effect. It is a habit that is helpful to a person in later life. Let us prove with an example: you may be asked to turn in an essay on, for example, wildlife, for a school project. Instead of writing carelessly a few facts that you already know, you could make the project more effective by looking up a reference books, encyclopedias or websites for additional information. You could then go over the finished essay for slips and errors, and provide pictures where necessary. If you make it a habit to put in extra effort in your school homework, will it not help you to handle more difficult projects at the college or university level?\nAs Michelangelo, the famous 16th century sculptor and painter, once put it: Trifles go to make perfection, and perfection is no trifle.", "id": "high1680.txt"}