{"answers": ["C", "B", "B"], "options": [["he got well again after being ill", "he began to make money there", "he met some famous artists there", "he found many beautiful scenes there"], ["He never painted people.", "He liked to paint using bright color1s.", "He began painting in his early childhood.", "He was quite rich because his paintings were valuable."], ["He died by accident.", "He had mental illness.", "No one bought his painting.", "He used up all his inspiration."]], "questions": ["Living in Paris helped Vincent van Gogh to be a better artist because     .", "Which of the following is TRUE about Vincent van Gogh?", "What's the main reason for Vincent van Gogh's death?"], "article": "Today, the paintings by Vincent van Gogh are world-famous and worth many millions of dollars but while he was alive, Vincent van Gogh sold only one painting. He was a lonely, unhappy man who suffered from mental illness, and he died at the early age of 37.\n   Vincent van Gogh was born in Holland in 1853. His first connection with paintings came in 1869, when he got a job in the Goupil Gallery. He worked for this art dealer in London and Paris for four years before he became a teacher in England for a short time. He moved back to France in 1877 and soon began to paint.\nVincent van Gogh was influenced by the famous artists that he met in Paris, where he returned to live in 1886. He did not stay long in the French capital. He was attracted by the vivid   color1s of the countryside and, in 1888, he moved to Aries, a small town in the south of France. There, he painted his most famous paintings, using strong brush strokes   and bright color1s. Vincent van Gogh mainly painted landscapes, but he also produced portraits of local people, such as the doctor and the postman.\n   It was around this time that Vincent van Gogh began to show signs of mental illness. In 1889, following an argument with another artist, he cut off his own ear. For a time, he lived in a mental hospital in Saint Remy. In 1890, Vincent van Gogh moved to a town called Auvers. For two months, he painted feverishly  . Then, one day, he went into the fields with a revolver   and shot himself. He died from his wounds the next day.", "id": "high16803.txt"}