{"answers": ["A", "D", "C"], "options": [["Valentine's Day brings many benefits", "all countries celebrate Valentine's Day", "somebody knows who St Valentine was", "Valentine's cards are sent only by post"], ["It is said that Duke of Orleans sent the first Valentine's card to his wife.", "Men are given chocolates by women in Japan on Valentine's Day.", "Disappointed Korean men eat noodles to get over getting nothing on Valentine's Day.", "Valentine's cards have not changed."], ["to send their blessing to the criminals", "to tell the criminals that Valentine's Day is coming", "to ask the criminals to come to the police station", "to give the criminals flowers"]], "questions": ["We can infer from the passage that   _  .", "Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage?", "The purpose of policemen sending cards in Liverpool was   _  ."], "article": "It's that time of the year when couples show their love for each other by sending cards, flowers and chocolates. But Valentine's Day is not only about public displays of affection, and in recent years it has also become big business. In the UK alone, more than PS20 million is spent on flowers, while in the United States over $1 billion is forked out on chocolates.\n    Although Valentine's Day has become a global industry with more than 80 million roses sold worldwide, the origins of the day are unclear. Nobody knows exactly who St Valentine was. It is said that the first recorded Valentine's card was sent by the imprisoned Duke of Orleans in 1415. It is believed that he sought solace from his imprisonment by writing love poems to his wife.\n    Valentine's Day is now celebrated in many countries around the world. However, the traditions often differ from place to place. In Japan, for example, it is customary for the woman to send chocolates to the man, while in Korea April 14th is known as 'Black Day' when the unfortunate men who have received nothing on Valentine's Day gather to eat noodles and comfort each other.\n    Technological developments have also played their part in keeping Valentine's Day relevant to the 21st century. Valentine's e-cards have been all the rage   in recent years. \n    Valentine's cards can also be used for less than romantic purposes. This year police in Liverpool sent Valentine's cards to criminals who failed to appear in court or have not paid fines. The cards contained the verse:  \n    \"Roses are red; violets are blue. You've got a warrant and we'd love to see you.\"\n    Who says romance is dead?", "id": "high16817.txt"}