{"answers": ["C", "B", "B"], "options": [["The textbook.", "The content of the course.", "Homework.", "Evaluation."], ["the teacher listens to students' problems and gives them advice", "the author is a student and teacher at the same time", "the books for teachers have suggestions on how to get along with the students", "students read the class assignment after having the class"], ["To tell the students how to learn well.", "To help students understand the concepts better.", "To supervise the students studying.", "To play with the students while studying."]], "questions": ["Which of the following is NOT included in a syllabus?", "From the passage we can know that   _  .", "What is the teacher's main role in the US university according to the passage?"], "article": "I am a Ph. D. student in a communication program at a large university in the Midwestern US. I teach one course in communication.\n    My class has seventy students. I gave students a syllabus  . It explained the purpose, content, schedule, textbook, evaluation, and class rules. I read it and explained every part carefully, because this was a contract between the students and me. \n    American textbooks are well organized. Each chapter has a statement of its purpose, a summary, a list of key ideas, headings and subheadings for sections and exercises. The teacher's manual has suggestions on how to teach, and there are handouts, activities and information on how to use the textbook. There are videotapes for some chapters. Some textbooks even have PowerPoint lectures or a website to support them.\n    Students read the class assignment before they come to class. The class is designed to explain key concepts of the textbook. The teacher's main role is to provide good examples of the concepts and activities to help the students understand the concepts better.\n    One nice thing is that I can use student assistants. They are undergraduate   students who get credits for assisting a teacher. I have to supervise them, but they do most of the routine work and listen to students' problems.\n    It is very tough to teach American students because they are so demanding. However, most of them study hard, and most of them get fairly good grades. Very few students get bad grades, and almost no students fail the class.", "id": "high16818.txt"}