{"answers": ["A", "D"], "options": [["That family next door.", "Someone sent by his doctor.", "Some strangers.", "The gate keeper."], ["The children were very naughty and often made their parents angry.", "Life must be very hard for the parents next door as they had a large family to support.", "The writer put off the appointment with his doctor because of the heavy snow.", "The little girl's kind act changed the relationship between the writer and her family."]], "questions": ["Who did the writer think removed the snow on his car?", "Which of the following is CORRECT according to the passage?"], "article": "About a year ago, a couple with three children moved into the apartment next door to mine. I never heard any noise from the children, but the parents were always yelling at the kids.\n    We often met in the hallway when we were coming or going. I always spoke, but the only answer I got was a \"Hello\" from the four-year-old girl.\n    One afternoon when I returned, they were just coming out of their apartment and the little girl was holding the door open for the others. I remained in the car doing unnecessary things. But when I looked up I saw the little girl was still holding the door open, waiting for me. I hurried as much as I could and thanked her.\n    I was really touched by her act of kindness. That afternoon I was at the K-Mart and I bought a white Teddy bear for her. The next day, there was a knock on the door and it was the little girl and her father. She was very proud of the bear and thanked me like I had never been thanked before.\n    Now when we meet in the hall, we all speak in a friendly manner. As time passes, I don't hear that yelling as often as before.\n    Last night we had about four inches of snow. I looked out at my car and wondered how I was going to keep my doctor's appointment. I went out to remove the snow. But when I opened my front door, I found my car was there with all the snow removed. You couldn't imagine how I felt at that moment. I thanked that family in my heart.\n    Isn't it amazing that a small kind act of a four-year-old girl could change so many things for the better? My guardian angel says that good things come from small acts.", "id": "high16815.txt"}