{"answers": ["B"], "options": [["positive thinking is not as powerful as negative thinking", "encouraging positive thinking may actually discourage people", "happy people can think positively while unhappy people can't", "getting people to think positively can strengthen their confidence"]], "questions": ["According to the study of the Canadian researchers,   _  ."], "article": "The $11 billion self-help industry is built on the idea that you should turn negative thoughts like \"I never do anything right\" into positive ones like \"I can succeed.\" But was positive thinking advocate Norman Vincent Peale right? Is there power in positive thinking?\nResearchers in Canada just published a study in the journal Psychological Science that says trying to get people to think more positively can actually have the opposite effect: it can simply highlight how unhappy they are.\nThe study's authors, Joanne Wood and John Lee of the University of Waterloo and Elaine Perunovic of the University of New Brunswick, begin by citing   older research showing that when people get feedback which they believe is overly positive, they actually feel worse, not better. If you tell your friend who is slow to learn that he has the potential of an Einstein, _ . In one 1990s experiment, a team including psychologist Joel Cooper of Princeton asked participants to write essays opposing funding for the disabled. When the essayists were later praised for their sympathy, they felt even worse about what they had written.\nIn this experiment, Wood, Lee and Perunovic measured 68 students' self-esteem. The participants were then asked to write down their thoughts and feelings for four minutes. Every 15 seconds, one group of students heard a bell. When it rang, they were supposed to tell themselves, \"I am lovable.\"\nThose with low self-esteem didn't feel better after the forced self-affirmation  . In fact, their moods turned significantly darker than those of members of the control group, who weren't urged to think positive thoughts.\nThe paper provides support for newer forms of psychotherapy   that urge people to accept their negative thoughts and feelings rather than fight them. In the fighting, we not only often fail but can make things worse. Meditation   techniques, in contrast, can teach people to put their shortcomings into a larger, more realistic viewpoint. Call it the power of negative thinking.", "id": "high1681.txt"}