{"answers": ["A", "D", "C"], "options": [["good vacation ideas for New Year", "traditional celebration of New Year", "staying with family on New Year", "having a distinguishing New Year"], ["you must pay visits to vacation destinations", "you should make more money than expected", "you can make a call to the attraction first", "you shouldn't take everything for granted"], ["because it is more economical and practical", "because it is well fit for the people in love", "because it is a new attempt for them", "because it is a dream for them to stay on islands"]], "questions": ["In the passage the author wants to tell us about    .", "To have a trip during New Year vacation,    .", "People like to choose cruises    ."], "article": "Both children and grown-ups look forward to New Year vacation since it is that time of the year to pack up and set out on a trip with family and friends. New Year's Eve is the perfect time to travel and have holiday. Gone are the days when you had to depend on word of mouth to learn about vacation destinations. With the development of technology and the increase in the number of travel agencies, you can use all the information for the place you want to visit. However, New Year being peak season, planning well in advance will be a wise thing to do. \nNew Year cruises have been gaining popularity over the past few years, with the number of people booking for the first class increasing every year. Sailing to island destinations is a new experience for many who consider it a romantic way of celebrating the New Year. Warmer island destinations like the Hawaiian Islands are hot favorites with all their unique traditions and customs, fruits and food to delight in. \nCruise lines provide a wide range of choices about the destinations and travel packages for you to choose from. There are special packages offered for families with children that include many activities and games. There are packages offered for young people which involve a dance party followed by a New Year party. There are even special cruises for newly married couples or people who are in love and wish to spend their New Year's Eve in a comfortable and romantic destination. \nSome people would also like to take this opportunity to spend some time alone and get beauty treatments done. On the other hand, there are other people who visit the unfortunate, old and poor people and orphans and try to make them happy. Planning ahead will make your New Year vacation better as you won't have to bother about booking tickets, hotels and making transfer arrangements at the last minute.", "id": "high16821.txt"}