{"answers": ["C", "D", "A"], "options": [["To express great thanks to volunteers.", "To explain how the old people get help.", "To tell volunteers what they are tasked with.", "To describe the life situation of the old people."], ["They order books for needy people.", "They design programs to help people.", "They offer medical help to sick people.", "They deliver food to the elderly people."], ["The volunteers report back the information to him.", "His staff members call them to get the information.", "He visits them now and then to get the information.", "The family members send the information to his office."]], "questions": ["Why does the author write this letter?", "What can we learn about the volunteers from the passage?", "How does the author learn about the needs of the people served?"], "article": "Dear Volunteers,\nThe service you will provide to elderly individuals in Abilene as a Meals on Wheels volunteer is deeply appreciated. I want to take this opportunity to thank you for the many miles you will travel and all of the hours you will contribute to help make this one of the best programs in the entire state.\nWe have our staff members make a home visit before adding each person to the program and try to visit everyone at least once every year. That is hardly enough, and we depend on your contact a great deal! It is important that you report back when you do not get an answer to your knock on the door. The person inside may be hurt or ill. They may be in hospital or out of town and fail to inform us. If they are frequently absent, we may need to determine if they still need meals.\nIf you find someone with a medical emergency, please call 911 to request medical assistance, and then call the Meals on Wheels office. If you find someone who needs assistance other than for a medical emergency, please call the Meals on Wheels office at 6725050, and we will try to find the appropriate agency or individual to call.\nLet us know when a certain person needs extra food. We have a food preparation room of shelf stable items to share with them. Please feel free to take a few magazines when you deliver meals. Many of those we serve cannot afford magazines and enjoy reading. If someone is interested in getting books from the Abilene Public Library, let us know. We can sign them up for the Books on Wheels program. Call if you smell gas strongly when you deliver meals, or if someone needs a space heater, a blanket, or an electric fan. Please convey all needs to us, and we will try to see that they are met. Some of the elderly people who we offer our service may have cancers, liver diseases, AIDS, etc. If you do not want to deliver meals to the people with certain types of health problems, such as these, please let us know.\nSincerely,\nBetty L. Bradley, LBSW,\nExecutive Director", "id": "high1682.txt"}