{"answers": ["C", "A", "D", "B"], "options": [[". Their knowledge.", ". The  climate .", ". The  cost .", "A visa"], ["Space tourism-- a dream made reality?", "Are you ready for space tourism?", "How to participate in a space tourism program.", "Why only a few privileged persons can afford space trips."], ["Mike, a millionaire, who is about 170 cm in height and weighs 98 kg. He is in good health", "Julia, a model, whose height is 165 cm  and weight is 48 kg. She has heart disease.", "Ivan, an office workers, is 175 cm in height and weights 70 kg. He is in excellent health condition.", "Steven, a wealthy businessman who is very healthy, has a height of 178 cm and weighs 80 kg."], ["Disapproving.", "Humorous.", "Positive.", "Indifferent."]], "questions": ["Besides the body requirements, which of the following is most likely to stop someone from going into space?", "Which of the following statements best describes the main idea of this passage?", "According to the passage, who is most likely to take part in the space tourism program?", "What's the author's tone in writing this passage?"], "article": "Space tourism might be the dream of many people on the planet, but a journey to space is not is not as easy as simply buying some tickets at a travel search engine;it is only reserved for the privileged few that can afford the cost.. One of the options that impressed me most is the one offered by a company called Space Adventures.\n  What they have in place is a space tourism program that slows you to travel with the Soyuz to the International Space Station (ISS).The trip starts a few months in advance with intensive training dealing mainly with gravity operations, fight control and survival activities.\nWhen all tins training is over, your space trip begins. The trip can be planned exactly according to your needs, whether you're going for scientific research , or simply for an adventure. I doubt whether you will find any other kind of trip that has such a thorough preparation period beforehand.\n   One of the great things to do, even if it makes your space trip a bit more expensive, is that you could go on a space walk during your trip. _ would definitely be a good opportunity to dance outside with your loved one to a slow waltz...Sorry, I forget there's no sound in space!\nWhatever option you choose, the only obstacle you might face is the cost. All the other requirements seem to be less than those for getting a visa to a foreign country. Generally your height should be between 160 and 185 cm, your weight between 50and 95 kg and be in good health.\n   Finally ,in answer to the question you've been wondering about .Granted, space tourism is expensive, but exactly how expensive would a normal scheduled flight to the ISS cost? Would you believe it costs between $30 and $40 million? A Russian language course is included!", "id": "high16833.txt"}