{"answers": ["A", "C", "D", "C"], "options": [["He loves his daughters as deeply as any other ordinary father.", "He loves his daughters but pushes them to work hard.", "He is patient with his daughters though they have eaten all kinds of junk food.", "He encourages his daughters to become potential and successful women in the future."], ["successful", "fortunate", "self-centered", "attractive"], ["He wanted to set a good example to his daughters.", "He promised to realize his dream.", "He expected to build a way of success for his daughters.", "He thought he was supposed to help every American child with happiness and fulfillment."], ["He or she does as many exercises as possible all day long.", "He or she works twice harder and always wonder if he or she gets challenged.", "The more he or she get challenged and encouraged, the better he or she gets developed.", "The greater the sense of wonder is, the worse he or she gets developed."]], "questions": ["What kind of feeling do you think Obama shows to his daughters when reading the letter?", "We have learned that as a young man, Obama was_.", "Why did Obama run for president?", "How can a student get highly developed at school in the opinion of Obama?"], "article": "Dear Malia and Sasha,\n    I know that you've both had a lot of fun these last two years on the campaign trail  , going to picnics and parades and state fairs, eating all sorts of junk food your mother and I probably shouldn't have let you have. But I also know that it hasn't always been easy for you and Mom, and that though you both are excited about that new puppy , it doesn't make up for all the time we've been apart. I know how much I've missed these past two years, and today I want to tell you a little more about why I decided to take our family on this journey. \n   When I was a young man, I thought life was all about me--about how I'd make my way in the world, become successful, and get the things I want. But then the two of you came into my world with all your smiles that never fail to fill my heart and light up my day. And suddenly, all my big plans for myself didn't seem so important anymore. I soon found that the greatest joy in my life was the joy I saw in yours. And I realized that my own life wouldn't be so important unless I was able to ensure that you had every opportunity for happiness and fulfillment in yours. In the end, girls, that's why I ran for President: because of what I want for you and for every child in this nation.   \n   I want all our children to go to schools worthy of their potential --schools that challenge them, inspire them, and teach them a sense of wonder about the world around them. I want them to have the chance to go to college--even if their parents aren't rich. And I want them to get good jobs: jobs that pay well and give them benefits like health care, jobs that let them spend time with their own kids and retire with dignity .   \n   I want us to push the boundaries of discovery so that you'll live to see new technologies and inventions  that improve our lives and make our planet cleaner and safer. And I want us to push our own human boundaries to reach beyond the divides of race and gender that keep us from seeing the best in each other.  \n(An extract from Obama letter to his daughters)", "id": "high16842.txt"}