{"answers": ["A", "B", "C"], "options": [["He had a great time there.", "Italy has a lot of attractions.", "His friend invited him there.", "He didn't stay in Italy long enough."], ["Buying cheap airline tickets to Italy before the traveling", "Getting a visa without an invitation from the Italian consulate.", "Booking a comfortable hotel on his own in Rome.", "Solving the ticket problem far in advance."], ["enjoys traveling everywhere in the world", "likes being accompanied by tour guides", "advises us to arrange trips by ourselves", "met with a lot of his countrymen in Italy"]], "questions": ["Why does the author want to go to Italy again?", "What does the author think was the hardest in preparing for his Italian trip?", "From the text we can know the author  _  ."], "article": "One summer my friend and I decided to go to Italy for a holiday and we decided to travel there without going through a travel agency. You know, you would be submerged   in crowds of tourists and lose lots of opportunities to get familiar with the country more closely. We started to think over our trip and managed to come up with a free tour of Italy.\nThe trip was not very long but it was still very impressive. We look forward to going there again! Of course, we spent lots of time arranging the trip, but it was well worth it! Of course I was afraid that something would go wrong and I was especially anxious about my visa, but everything went quite smoothly in the end. ks5u\n The most difficult part was getting a visa without an invitation. In the Italian consulate , one must hand in some official paper proving that one has a hotel booked for oneself in order to get the visa. Then we had to solve the ticket problem. Airlines often sell cheap tickets and we bought ours far in advance. The next step was to book a hotel. We finally booked a hotel about thirty km away from the heart of Rome and it was the perfect choice for our trip. \nEvery day we took a train that carried us to the heart of Rome. Our big house, which was surrounded by the forest, was a rare girl for the fresh air and   silence, beautiful views, hospitable   hosts, comfortable living conditions delighted us to no end. Besides this, we were very lucky that our mistress was Russian. She gave us a lot of advice that was of great use. She told us what transport to choose and where the best places to go. \nDon't be afraid to arrange your trip by yourself. It's not difficult! The only thing I'll say right now is that we really enjoyed traveling by ourselves. We walked with a map and a guide-book to wherever we wanted and we even met some of our fellow countrymen on the way just two or three times. So, if you're also planning a \"single\" trip, don't forget to take a Russian-Italian phrasebook as people in Italy prefer to speak in their native tongue.", "id": "high16848.txt"}