{"answers": ["C", "B"], "options": [["2005", "2006", "2007", "2008"], ["from his parents", "by chance", "at work", "when he was a child"]], "questions": ["We can infer that the passage was written in   _  .", "The author first discovered the effects of music   _  ."], "article": "Listening to music can help me focus better. Since I discovered it two years ago,I've used music to get through boring work or to focus creatively. I've found that it can make even the dullest jobs enjoyable and help clear mental blocks to creativity.\nI first noticed the good effects of music while playing video games. It was a few days before Christmas in 2005 and I was playing online video games. My parents had just given me a new MP3,so I decided to listen to music through the headphones while I played. After a few minutes I noticed a great change in my style of play. I was playing more naturally. The music relaxed me,and,to a certain extent,distracted me from the game,allowing my subconscious talent to come through. The music also helped me block out the outside world. With those headphones on I was like a machine,moving from one task to the next without unnecessary thoughts or actions.\nMusic can also have a great effect on mood. If I'm in a bad mood at work,I'll listen to some of Bob Marley's and get down to business. It always takes my mind off what I'm doing and makes me a happier person. The same is true for classic rock. One summer,I did a boring job collecting bottle openers by hand. Without a radio playing classic rock in the background,I would have hated life.\nListening to music with relaxing rhythms and a positive message helps you forget your work and think happy thoughts. But the results you see will depend heavily on your personal tastes. Experiment with the types of music you listen to during certain tasks. By trial and error you'll finally discover your best choice.\nI'm always looking for new concentration aids,so I'd love to know what type of music works best for me.", "id": "high1684.txt"}