{"answers": ["C", "C", "A"], "options": [["he had planned for that for a long time", "he was shocked by his boss' good handwriting", "his boss asked him to work on his handwriting", "he was often misunderstood because of his handwriting"], ["He joined a handwriting training class.", "He practiced writing and typing at the same time.", "He practiced writing mainly on his own.", "He employed a coach to teach him online."], ["Better.", "Perfect.", "Worse.", "Unacceptable."]], "questions": ["The writer made the decision to improve his handwriting because_.", "How did the writer try to improve his handwriting?", "What does the writer think of his handwriting at present?"], "article": "For about a decade, I knew that I needed to improve my handwriting, but I always put it off. \"My typing skills are good, my communication skills are good, and all my other abilities are adequate for the job I do and the life I live. Why would I need to improve my handwriting in such a modern world?\" I thought.\n    I was sort of hit by the fact that my handwriting needed improving quite suddenly in the form of a note from my boss. Obviously one of the notes I had posted on the office message board had been misunderstood because of my handwriting. My boss demanded that I learn to write in a neat way, something I couldn't ignore any longer.\n   I tried a lot of different methods to improve my handwriting. Nowadays, there are more resources than before. You don't even have to go to the store and can buy handwriting training materials online. I tried out a lot of these, and my handwriting did improve somewhat. Now I make sure I form every letter correctly. This is inconvenient and time-consuming, but it is better than having my comments misread.\n   People come up to me and tell me how nice my handwriting is. I have never thought of that, but this is exactly what has happened. It really is a pleasure, but it isn't enough. In the long run, I actually have to go to a handwriting coach to improve my handwriting. It seems like I have years and years of bad habits that I have to break, and this isn't something I could handle on my own. I need someone to teach me how to write clearly from the ground up. ks5u", "id": "high16851.txt"}