{"answers": ["B", "B", "A", "D"], "options": [["The factories are often distant from companies.", "Many suppliers produce for more than one brand.", "There are no common standards for their checks.", "Some of the contract suppliers lack social responsibility."], ["Their managers will win promotion they desire.", "They will get donations from big brands easily.", "There's no need for their factories to be checked.", "They may have more opportunities to make money."], ["Communicating with the public to avoid criticism.", "Avoiding danger and developing their brands.", "Publishing its entire list of contract suppliers.", "Offering money to community groups."], ["A New Age of Corporate Responsibility.", "Nike's Staff Management.", "Big Brands Working out Common Standards.", "Lists of Contract Suppliers."]], "questions": ["Why is it difficult to keep an eye on contract suppliers?", "What effect could Nike's action have on its contract suppliers?", "Which of the following can be described as \"the first age of corporate responsibility\"?", "What is the best title of the passage?"], "article": "Doubt usually comes along when companies talk very proudly how socially responsible they are, but Nike's decision to publish its entire list of contract suppliers on the Internet is harder to ignore. Nike's move opens a new front in companies' efforts to face their critics.\nAs Nike states in its latest corporate responsibility report, it is often hard to confirm exactly what is happening at about 800 factories that make its footwear and clothing under contract, many of which are remote.\nNike is hoping other companies will publish their factory lists, too. Hannah Jones, Nike's vice - president for corporate responsibility, says Nike would like to see the best - run contract factories using their social position as suppliers to the big brands to try to get more work.\nNike's approach moves corporate responsibility into its third age. The first age was corporate philanthropy - companies donating money to various community projects. The $170,   000,000 that Wal - Mart gave in charitable donations last year is a good example. Of course, some critics oppose even this form of corporate generosity , arguing that companies should concentrate on making profits, leaving it to shareholders to decide what charitable donations to make.\nCorporate responsibility's second age was reputation management and risk avoidance. Second - age corporate responsibility supporters believe agreement with the wider community can warn a company of future risks in advance.\nNike is now trying to go a stage further. The company says it sees corporate responsibility as a way of improving its performance rather than just protecting its reputation. Factories which ensure that workers are registered  for social - security benefits often become more productive as a result. Attention to one aspect of staff management often leads to improvement in others.\nIf other companies publish supplier lists, they can together work out common standards, Nike says. At present, different companies have different standards, which make life difficult for the many factories that produce for more than one brand. If other companies published suppliers' locations, they could work out common standards and save money by relying on one another's checks.", "id": "high16867.txt"}