{"answers": ["D", "B", "A", "C"], "options": [["How a couple first met at college.", "Where you can adopt a child.", "The benefits of adoption to the community.", "How adoption created a happy family."], ["Because they had always loved children very much.", "Because they saw the benefits of adoption for a child.", "Because they were not able to have children of their own.", "Because they wanted to receive awards for their community work."], ["Rylee and Tyler.", "Billy and Tyler.", "Albeit and Joshua.", "Rose and Albert."], ["Ellen had thought of adopting a child before getting married.", "Only kids under 16 can be adopted by a family.", "A loving family is important to a child's happiness.", "Adopting a child always makes the family become famous."]], "questions": ["What is the passage mainly about?", "Why did Ellen and Bill first decide to adopt a child?", "Which of the children are related to each other by blood?", "What can be inferred from this passage?"], "article": "Ellen and prefix = st1 /BillCountyare both teachers. They met in college and became good friends because of their shared love for children. Two years after the couple got married; Ellen saw a huge change in the life of one of her students, a 9-year-old girl. Three years earlier both of the little girl's parents had died and there was no one to take care of her. She was taken away to live in a government office. But finally she was taken in and adopted by a family and became their daughter. Ellen said that she noticed the difference in the child's life after she was placed in a permanent  home and thought that maybe she and her husband could help a child in a similar way.\nThey decided to become temporary parents and to take a child into their home on the weekends when the real parents could not take care of him or her. The pair planned to have their own children in a few years, but decided that this would be a way to give to the community in the meantime.\nThe couple quickly grew to love one of the children they looked after. When he became legally available, Billy became the first child they took in permanently. Six months after adopting Billy, Ellen was told by her doctor that she was unable to have children naturally.  Ellen says she knew then that adoption was the way she was meant to have a family.\nSince adopting Billy, now 17, Ellen and Bill have adopted five more children --Rose, 16; Albert, 11; Joshua, 5 and in June 2003, they added biological brother and sister Tyler and Rylee to the County family.\n The County family has been recognized for their work on adoption, and has received many awards for their efforts. Last June, the family was even interviewed on the television show, \"Adoption Stories\".\nEllen says she would like to encourage other families to adopt children. She adds that the best part of being a mother of six is: \"Giving Josh a bath, putting a braid-aid on a cut knee or just the everyday Mom things, which makes motherhood such an honor and a privilege.\"", "id": "high16866.txt"}