{"answers": ["B", "C"], "options": [["persuasive speeches", "informative speeches", "inspirational speeches", "introductive speech"], ["Tips of great speeches", "The history of the speech", "Functions of the speech", "The language of the speech"]], "questions": ["The passage mentions the H1N1 flu to show the function of   _", "What would be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "The art of public speaking began in ancient Greece over 2,000 years ago. Now, twitter, e-mail, blogs and QQ chat offer approaches to communication-- but none can replace the role of a great speech.\nThe spoken word can handle various important functions: persuading or inspiring, informing, paying tribute  , entertaining, or simply introducing someone.\nPersuading is used in dealing with or _ different points of view. When the leaders met in Copenhagen in December, 2009, persuasive words from activities encouraged them to take former action.\nInspirational speeches deal with emotions. They focus on topics and matters that are close to people' s hearts. Last year, during the fighting in Iraq, generals used inspiring speeches to prepare the troops for battle.\nSome speeches spread knowledge and deepen understanding. When the H1N1 flu was announced, the disease scared many people. Informtive speechs from World Health Organization (WTO) officials helped people to keep their panic under control so they could take necessary preventive measures.\nSad events are never easy to deal with but a speech that pays tribute to the loss of a loved one and gives praise for their contribution can be comforting. Madonna's speech about Michael Jackson after his death showed the fact that he will continue to live on through his music.\nIt's not only in world forums where public speaking plays an important role. It can also be helpful in the course of our own life. You may be asked to do a presentation at college or work to inform others about an area of great importance. On a more personal level, a friend may be upset and need comforting. Or you might be asked to introduce a speaker at a family gathering or to speak at a wedding, where your language will be needed to move people or make them laugh.\nGreat speaking ability is not something we're born with. Even Barack Obama works hard to perfect every speech.", "id": "high1688.txt"}