{"answers": ["C", "B", "A"], "options": [["The pleasure of enjoying snacks.", "A Michigan man's fight for his right", "Movie theatres' ban on outside food", "Bad manners in movie theatres."], ["He broke a Michigan law.", "He is likely to lose the case.", "He thinks cinema tickets are too expensive.", "He was forbidden to have snacks at the theatre."], ["It is unacceptable", "It is convenient", "It is great fun", "It is lawful."]], "questions": ["What is the topic of the text?", "What do we know about Joshua Thomphson?", "Hoe does the author feel about bringing outside food?"], "article": "You and your friends are settling into your seats. The new Spider- Man movie is about to start and you've got the snacks: soda and popcorn. Food is part of what makes the movie fun.\n     Just as the lights go out, you catch a slight smell of ...tuna fish?! You turn your head, searching for the source. Then you spot him: A couple rows back, some guy is enjoying a tuna fish sandwich. How's he get that in here? You wonder. Then you remember how much you paid for your snacks.\n     What invites the unwelcome outside food is probably the price. Why pay $5 for a bag of M&Ms when you can get them for a dollar at the corner store?\n     Earlier this year, a Michigan man decided to fight for his right to snack. Joshua Thompson is suing  his local theatre after it banned outside food. He argues the ban breaks a Michigan law that prevents business from charging extremely high prices. However, most legal  experts believe Thompson has little chance of winning his case though he does have a point: 85 percents out of every dollar of treats a movie theatre sells is pure profit  . \n     The truth is that movie theatres are more in the snack business than the movie business. A huge part of the ticket income goes to the Hollywood studio. This makes sense, since the studio have to pay the costs of movie production and advertising. But that often doesn't leave much cash for the theater, which also has its own running costs. If customers stopped buying food, owners would have to raise ticket prices even higher. \n     Of course, there's another reason to think twice before bringing food into the movies: It's against the rules. Breaking those rules can be unpleasant consequences, too. Some theatres will kick you out if they catch you. Even without the threat of punishment, we should follow rules all the time-----out of respect. \n     Here's a good idea: Eat before the movie.", "id": "high16914.txt"}