{"answers": ["C", "D", "D", "A"], "options": [["save water", "encourage students to bring water from home", "reduce pollution", "keep students away from bottled water"], ["it is too expensive", "it is not fresh", "it's not convenient to carry", "Its bottle can't be reused"], ["Bottled water is healthier.", "Sodas and juices are of great harm.", "Students think it unfair to ban selling bottled water.", "The makers of bottled water are against banning selling bottled water."], ["ask for students' opinions", "tell people a piece of news", "call on students to save the environment", "wish more schools to ban selling bottled water"]], "questions": ["Some colleges and schools ban selling bottled water in order to   _  .", "The main disadvantage of bottled water is probably that   _  .", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?", "The purpose of the passage is to   _  ."], "article": "As is known to us, Washington University in St. Louis became the first college in the United States to ban   selling bottled water in 2009. Since then, more than a dozen small colleges and schools have done the same. The ban isn't because the schools don't want students to have easy access to water. Instead, the goal is to encourage students to bring reusable bottles to save money and, more importantly, to save the environment.\nMany people believe that producing and using bottled water not only wastes money but also harms the environment. They say that bottled water is unnecessary because public water supplies in the U.S. are among the best in the world. These people believe that water fountains and reusable bottles with easy access to filling stations are a better choice.\nBut the makers of bottled water argue that plastic bottles make up a small part of the nation's total waste. They say it's unfair to single out   their product when so many other items are packaged   in plastic containers, and what's more, water is a healthy choice compared to some sodas and juices that are also sold at school.\nWhat do you think: Should sales of bottled water be banned from schools? We want to hear your opinion. Write a 200-word response. Send it to tfkasks4you@timeforkids.com . Your response may be published in a future issue of Time For Kids. Please include your grade level \nand contact information for your parent or teacher if you want your response to be published. The deadline   for responding is August 31, 2012.", "id": "high16919.txt"}