{"answers": ["C", "C", "B"], "options": [["Your eyes become weak and can not see well.", "You may feel energetic and fresh.", "Your hearing pitch may be decreased.", "Your tongue may lose the function of taste."], ["The number of sensory organs.", "The functions of sensory organs.", "The particular smell of a person.", "The style of one's behavior."], ["The Sensitivity of Sensory Organs", "The Functions and Connections of Sensory Organs", "A Newborn's Sensory Organs", "Different Senses Between Men and Woman"]], "questions": ["What may happen after you have had a rich lunch?", "What makes each person different from anyone else except twins according to the passage?", "Which of the following may be the best title of this passage?"], "article": "While learning the science lessons, I used to get a doubt--why ear, nose, tongue and eyes should be called as special senses? The basic reason is that these are the channels through which we maintain contact with the surroundings. Though apparently it may feel like these are individual sensory organs, they do show some connectivity. Interestingly, our hearing is less sharp after we eat a heavy food. Isn't it good for a sound nap after a stomach-full meal? That does not mean we go deaf after a meal, but the hearing pitch does change after a heavy meal.\nWe usually give credit of the taste to our tongue, but do you know that unless saliva dissolves something, our tongue cannot recognize the taste of the food eaten. Taste is nothing but the food chemicals dissolved in the saliva being sensed by the taste buds present on the tongue. Try to dry off your tongue and mouth with a tissue paper and then taste something.\nWomen are much better smellers than men. They are born with this characteristic ability and can correctly recognize the exact fragrance of the sample. We all can store almost 50,000 different smells, which are strongly tied to the memories.\nPupils do not respond to light alone, but to the slightest bit of noise around too. Thus surgeons, watchmakers and those professionals who have to perform a much delicate job do prefer to have a sound-free environment. Even a small noise can enlarge their pupils, change the focus and make their vision less clear.\nEach and every one of us has a particular or individualistic or characteristic smell, which is unique to us, except the twins. This smell is very subtle yet can be sensed even by a newborn. It may be due to this smell that the newborn recognizes the presence of his parents around.", "id": "high16939.txt"}