{"answers": ["C", "B", "B", "D", "A"], "options": [["How a child sees his test result.", "How to grade a student's paper.", "The harm of using red color1 in grading students' papers.", "Different influences of color1s."], ["show his paper to others", "hide his paper from others", "correct as many errors as possible", "complain to the teacher"], ["they have made too many mistakes.", "they are ashamed of their papers with red markings.", "they don't care about the mistakes they made.", "they are not satisfied with the results."], ["many educators still prefer to give red markings on students' papers.", "we should mark students' papers with various color1s", "red markings are a kind of drive for students to learn.", "students who receive red markings on their papers may do worse."], ["it's better to grade students' papers with softer color1s.", "it's not necessary to point out students' mistakes.", "it's wrong to retire the reds in grading students' papers.", "it's necessary to grade students' papers with red sometimes"]], "questions": ["What is the text mainly about?", "A child with many red markings on his test will_.", "Students will not bother to find out their errors because_.", "We can infer from the passage that_.", "The author of the passage probably agrees that_."], "article": "A child sits at his desk waiting for the teacher to hand back his test and praying that it is not sprayed with red marks. Fellow students in the classroom know a paper that has several red markings on it will usually receive a lower grade. The child with many red markings on his test will quickly fold the paper and stuff it into his desk in the hope that no one will see his test.\nThere is an education movement to retire the reds for softer color1s of purple, green, and blue pens to mark students' work. Many educators understand the psychological harm the constant red markings on the paper do to a child's self-esteem. After a child receives his test back with countless red markings there is a rare chance that he will bother to find out his errors. It is too embarrassing in the classroom to examine his errors and also many children do not want to show their parents their red stained test.\nThe purpose of grading a paper or test is to identify the child's weakness and offer suggestions to improve their ability in a specific subject. Red markings are too   for the student to calmly understand their errors ; instead they become upset and begin their self-critical dialogue. No student wants to fail; they just do not know how to excel.\nAll color1s have an influence on our state of mind. Red is a powerful color1 that gives us energy. Colors such as blues and greens are calming color1s to the body. Hospitals often have doctors wear blue or green scrubs because it relaxes the patient on a subconscious level. I have never seen a doctor wear red scrubs because it will stress the patient. Remember this when you decide to mark a child' paper with red, the color1 of blood.", "id": "high16932.txt"}