{"answers": ["C", "C", "B", "A"], "options": [["you can improve your English quickly through it", "it will offer you the method of how to study English well", "you can plan your time for English study according to your practical situation", "you can teach yourself English at any time"], ["General English", "Work Skills", "Community", "How to study"], ["take the test offered by English Practice", "take the General English", "take the classes in Work Skills", "the classes in Community"], ["on the Internet", "in an instruction book", "in a magazine", "in a newspaper"]], "questions": ["Compared with the courses in class,English practice has the advantage that_.", "If you want to study English breezily ,you should get into the section.", "If you are a student and want to add to your basic knowledge of English,you'd  better_.", "People can most probably read this article."], "article": "Used by over half a million learners,English Practice is one of the world's most popular online English learning products. English Practice offers over 40,000 interactive 1essons for all levels of students who want to study and improve their English. Our structured content will help you improve your speaking,vocabulary,grammar,and your listening and written comprehension. And because English Practice is online,you can study at a pace and at a time that is convenient for you. \nHow to Study\nWhen you start with English Practice we will give you a test to evaluate your language level. We will then recommend that you start as either a beginning intermediate or advanced learner. At each level you can take classes in General English,Work Skills,or Community to improve the skills you need. When you have completed enough lessons,we will give you another test and move you up to the next level. \nGeneral English\nThis is where you will find lessons to improve your grammar,listening comprehension,and vocabulary. There are new lessons weekly so you will always find new 1essons to this area you can also take lessons to prepare for TOEFL and IELTS. \nWork Skills\nThis is where you can take lessons to teach you the specific skills you will need if you have to speak English at work,or do business in English. There are lessons on general business skills as well as courses to on specific industries. \nCommunity\nIn the Community section you find English Practice's popular chat room,where you can practice with fellow students from around the world,and ask English teachers questions about English Community also has fun games like Bingo,Hangman,and Karaoke. As well as links to online English studying resources.", "id": "high16949.txt"}