{"answers": ["B", "A", "C", "A"], "options": [["He couldn't go back home to take Shane.", "He was afraid Shane had been killed by the tsunami.", "He thought Shane had been taken away by his neighbour.", "He feared Shane didn't know he was at the shelter then."], ["The road to his home had been destroyed by water.", "The school was the nearest place to him.", "He went there to look for Shane.", "He didn't want to go home then."], ["Shy.", "Honest.", "Loving.", "Patient."], ["he felt a great flood was coming", "he was frightened by the tsunami", "he wanted to go out for a walk", "he was afraid of being left alone"]], "questions": ["Why did Kamata think he would never see Shane again?", "Why did Kamata run to a school?", "Which of the following best describes Shane?", "Babu cried and walked worriedy because   _  ."], "article": "The earthquake that shook Japan on March 11, 2011 was the strongest earthquake in that country's recorded history and the fourth strongest recorded on Earth since 1900. It cracked open the ground, knocked people off their feet, and made tall buildings move. Then things got even worse.\nIt created huge waves called a tsunami  . Walls of water as tall as 30 feet flooded into the coast and swept six miles inland, wiping out everything in the way.\nMany human survivors were separated from their pets. Many animal lovers went out of their way to help pets in need after the tsunami. And some pets helped their owners, too.\nWhen Kamata heard the tsunami alert  , he decided to visit his neighbours to warn them of the coming danger. He put his dog, Shane, in the yard so they could leave as soon as he returned. But later, as he headed home, the tsunami flooded into the city, destroying his path. Kamata was forced to run to higher ground, to a school that served as a shelter. He feared he would never see Shane again.\nSix hours later, Kamata heard that a dog was waiting outside the school. He went to look: It's Shane! The dog swam through the tsunami and found Kamata, even though Shane had never been to the school.\nAfter the huge earthquake ended, 83-year-old Tami Akanuma thought that she and her small dog, Babu, were safe. But Babu was anything but calm. She cried and walked worriedly, as if really wanting to go for a walk. That's strange, since Babu didn't like taking walks. But Akanuma took her out.\nOutside, Babu headed up a hill instead of toward their normal route near the water. When Akanuma slowed down, the little dog pulled her higher. Once they reached the hilltop, Akanuma looked back and was surprised: The path they had taken was flooded and her home had been destroyed by fast-flowing water. Little Babu helped his owner escape in time.", "id": "high16955.txt"}