{"answers": ["B", "A", "C", "D"], "options": [["She sometimes played alone because she was too short.", "She played basketball so well that she could compete against some boys.", "She believed girls had to pay more than boys to succeed.", "She felt sad when her coach didn't allow her to play for a college team."], ["Follow your dream and you'll make it sooner or later.", "Take our teachers' advice when making a decision.", "Whoever wants to succeed must get a scholarship.", "Failure is the mother of success."], ["Anyone who dreams every day will surely succeed.", "Basketball players can go to college without studying well.", "It's not easy to become a member of NCAA basketball team.", "Only if you have a good teacher can you succeed."], ["she had lost confidence in her ability to play well", "she had been good enough to get a scholarship", "she couldn't get along well with her teammates", "she was too short to realize her dream"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is true about the girl according to the passage?", "What can we learn from the story?", "What can we infer from the passage?", "The coach advised the girl to quit because he thought   _  ."], "article": "A school was across the street from our home and I would often watch the kids from my window as they played basketball. One day, among the children a girl attracted me. She seemed so small as she muscled her way through the crowd of boys. Running circles around the other kids, she managed to shoot jump shots just over their heads and into the net with no one to stop her. Sometimes, I saw her play alone. She would practice dribbling   and shooting over and over again until dark. \nOne day I asked her why she practiced so much. Without hesitation, she said, \"I want to go to college. The only way I can go is that I get a scholarship. If I were good enough, I would get a scholarship. I like basketball. My Daddy told me if the dream is big enough, the facts don't count.\" Then she smiled and ran towards the court to go on with practice. \nI watched her through junior high and into high school. Every week, she led her school team to victory. One day in her senior year, I saw her sitting in the grass, head cradled   in her arms. I went over there and sat down beside her. The coach told her that as a player as tall as prefix = st1 /5'5\"she would probably never get to play for a top ranked college team -- much less offered a scholarship -- so she should stop dreaming about college.\nShe was heartbroken and I felt my own throat tighten as I sensed her disappointment. I asked her if she had talked to her dad about it yet. She told me that her father said those coaches were wrong. They did not understand the power of a dream. He told her that if she really wanted to play for a good college and if she truly wanted a scholarship, nothing could stop her except one thing -- her own attitude. He told her again, \"If the dream is big enough, the facts don't count.\" \nThe next year, as she and her team went to the Northern California Championship game, she was seen by a college recruiter  , and was offered a full scholarship, to a NCAA women's basketball team. She was going to college, which she had dreamed of and worked toward for all those years.", "id": "high16956.txt"}