{"answers": ["C", "B", "A", "D"], "options": [["created a new kind of shoes with rope bottoms", "wanted to donate money to people in need", "found children suffering from a lack of shoes", "gave 10,000 pairs of shoes to Argentineans"], ["They envied Mycoskie for being able to sell so many shoes.", "They wondered how Mycoskie could manage it.", "They asked Mycoskie to stop doing this immediately.", "They felt sorry for Mycoskie's having to give away so much."], ["they cure diseases caught from soil", "they are part of the school uniform", "they prevent children's feet from being injured", "children may not grow normally without them"], ["He has a very persuasive slogan.", "He has special principle of giving.", "He has friends working in the media.", "He gets help from the media and customers"]], "questions": ["When he was on vacation, Blake Mycoskie   _  .", "What are the reactions of other businessmen to TOMS?", "All the following facts show that shoes are important EXCEPT that   _  .", "How can Mycoskie give away so much but still earn money?"], "article": "In 2006, young businessman Blake Mycoskie went to Argentina on vacation. He went back to America with a business plan that would help thousands of children. While on vacation, Mycoskie saw children who couldn't afford even one pair of shoes. Their feet suffered cuts, and he wanted to help. He noticed the shoes that Argentinean farmers wore. Inspired by those simple shoes with rope bottoms, he had an idea. Mycoskie wanted to give these children the shoes they needed. He gave his new plan a name --- TOMS. For every pair of shoes he sold, he would give a new pair to a needy child. One for one.\n  It was a slap  in the face to traditional business practices. How could he make a profit by giving so much away? However, he started selling shoes out of his apartment. When he had sold 10,000 pairs of shoes, he returned to Argentina with 10,000 pairs to give away.\n  Although often taken for granted, shoes play an important role. Children without shoes easily injure their feet. They can catch a disease through soil that could make them sick or slow down their growth. Some children can't attend school without shoes because they are part of the uniform.\n  TOMS, together with other charity organizations, continues to find communities that will get benefit. Since that first \"shoe drop\" in Argentina, TOMS has contributed new shoes to communities in Asia, Africa, and Central and South America.\n  Mycoskie's special principle is all about giving. This has attracted a lot of media attention, saving money on marketing. When people hear about TOMS' purpose, they buy the shoes and then share the story with a slogan of \"shoes for a better tomorrow\".", "id": "high16964.txt"}