{"answers": ["C", "D", "D"], "options": [["to give love to others", "to make more money", "to look more attractive", "to go beyond others"], ["sports were not quite popular in the past years", "most players of online games aim to earn some money", "taking sports or amusement always costs a lot", "health should be considered when choosing a sport"], ["Different kinds of sports and amusing activities.", "How women reshape their bodies more effectively.", "Health problems that sports and amusement cause.", "Suitable sports or activities for different people."]], "questions": ["Women customers take part in fitness mainly_.", "We can learn from the text that_.", "What will most probably be discussed if the text continues?"], "article": "Sports and amusing activities have given benefits to people. Besides the entertainment that they offer, health, emotional and personal aspects have also been developed through sports and amusement. It's amazing how one can say that he just found his purpose in life through sports. Some people may even devote their lives to a certain sport. Whether being seen as an amusing activity, a pastime or a way of life, sports and amusement are worthy of everyone's praise.\n    A large number of sports and amusing activities have become very popular both in the past years and at present, such as baseball, basketball, golf, computer and online games, fitness, motor sports, tennis, and so on.\n    Computer and online games have become very popular at this age. Young people are mostly the fans of this amusement. Entertainment is what it gives. A lot of online games are there to be played. Some are for sale while others can be downloaded for free.\n    Fitness is in much the same rank. Women are the major customers who take this activity into their lives. The goal for reshaping their bodies to improve their looks is getting more and more attractive. Considering the lovely points of being healthy and fit, all seem to hash through the lines. No one wants to get behind. This is also a way of giving love to ourselves.\n    We cannot always pass money by. Taking sports or amusement, you'll have to pay for it sometimes. The cost for learning and enjoying sports changes from one to another. Some sports cost very little while others are costly due to expensive equipment and tools to use.\n    Choosing a sport, however, requires health considerations. Some people are not allowed to play volleyball and similar activities due to having asthma . Playing may make a person tired easily and will trigger an attack of asthma at once.", "id": "high16981.txt"}