{"answers": ["A", "C", "B", "C"], "options": [["is a good way to test your friendship", "will do harm to your friendship", "will strengthen your friendship", "is a good way to break off your friendship"], ["He does not feel that he is well educated.", "He does not think that he is a very important person.", "He doesn't think that being rich is worth so much attention.", "He does not consider himself to be very successful."], ["Money is an end.", "Money is a means  .", "Money is everything.", "Money is unimportant."], ["Money is important in modern society.", "The meaning of life does not completely lie in money.", "Wealth will surely bring the owner happiness.", "Happiness is not necessarily the result of wealth."]], "questions": ["The author   seems to believe that asking your friend to lend you some money  _  .", "What can we learn about the millionaire from his answer in the interview?", "What does the American professor of philosophy want to explain in his book?", "Which of the following might the author disagree with?"], "article": "Recently, a professor of philosophy   in the United States has written a book called Money and the Meaning of Life. He has discovered that how we deal with money in our daytoday life has more meaning than we usually think. One of the exercises he asked his students to do is to keep record of every penny they spend for a week. From the way they spend their money,they can see what they really value in life.\nHe says our relation with others often becomes clearly defined when money enters the picture. You might have wonderful friendship with somebody and you think that you are very good friends. But you will know him only when you ask him to lend you some money. If he does,it brings something to the relationship that seems stronger than ever before. Or it can suddenly weaken the relationship if he doesn't. This person may say that he has a certain feeling,but if it is not carried out in the money world,there is something less real about it.\nSince money is so important to us,we consider those who possess a lot of it to be very important. The author interviewed some millionaires   in researching his book.\nQuestion:What is the most surprising thing you have discovered about being rich,because you are a selfmade man?\nAnswer:The most surprising thing is how people give me so much respect. I am nothing. I do not know much. All I am is rich.\nPeople just have an idea of making more and more money,but what is it for?How much do I need for any given purposes in my life?In his book,the professor uncovered an important need in modern society:To bring back the idea that money is a tool rather than the purpose. Money plays an important role in the material world,but expecting money to bring happiness may be missing the meaning of life.", "id": "high16990.txt"}