{"answers": ["C", "B", "A"], "options": [["3", "4", "5", "6"], ["rescuing survivors from the ruins", "providing temporary shelter and food for the victims", "burying dead bodies as quickly as possible", "clearing away the ruins to build new houses"], ["Foreign media praiseChina's earthquake relief work.", "The rapid relief work in Sichuan showsChina's powerful economic strength.", "The most serious natural disaster hitChinain decades.", "Many people's lives were disturbed by the earthquake."]], "questions": ["How many press media are mentioned in the article?", "According to the passage,the most pressing task in the earthquake-hit i areas is--.", "What is the best title of the passage?"], "article": "The Wall Street Journal Asia Edition(prefix = st1 /U. S.), the Globe and Mail(Canada), the Guardian(U. K. ),among other foreign news agencies,have recently published articles on China's earthquake relief. They have all praised the earthquake relief efforts made by the Chinese government. \nThe Wall Street Journal Asia Edition published an article on May 21 saying that on the eighth day of the most serious natural disaster to hit China in decades, rescuing survivors from the ruins had been quickly replaced by the  _ challenge of helping them. The article said that people overseas have been deeply impressed by earthquake relief efforts by the Chinese government.\nThe Associated French Press(AFP) reported on May 21 that Chinahas become more open during the campaign. Aircraft loaded with relief supplies from Ukraine,Russia,the United States, Singapore and other countries have arrived in disaster areas in southwestern China. \nThe Associated Press(AP) published an article on May 21 reporting that Chinais making great efforts to deal with an extremely difficult task caused by the earthquake how to provide temporary shelter far so many people. The article said that many tents have been built;and food and medical care are provided to the people whose lives have been completely disturbed by the earthquake. \nThe Global and Mail of Canada published an article on May 20 that said the rapid earthquake relief work in Sichuan demonstrates China's powerful economic strength. An article carried in the British Guardian said that one week after the Sichuan earthquake,China began a three-day national mourning period at 14:28 on may 19, and all Chinese people stood in silence for three minutes in memory of the victims. \nThe ongoing search and rescue action is encouraged by one miraculous survivor after another: Chinese officials said that,so far, no epidemic had occurred after the earthquake.", "id": "high17002.txt"}