{"answers": ["C", "C", "C", "B", "C"], "options": [["they were chatting", "they were having a party", "they were preparing for a dinner", "they were watching a fire"], ["he was not interested in chatting about a fire", "he did not think the fire was anything special", "the fire was far away", "the fire had died down"], ["the fire was dying down", "the fire had been put out", "the fire was a bad one", "no flame could be seen"], ["on London Bridge", "in a baker's house", "because the lane was too narrow to allow people to come to help", "because people could not get enough water to put it out"], ["the site of the Tower of London", "the site of the Great Fire of London", "the place where the fire ended", "the place where Pepys lived"]], "questions": ["The servants were up very late because   _  .", "Pepys went back to bed because   _  .", "When Pepys was tidying his room and things, Jane came in and told him that   _  .", "The fire started   _  .", "Pie Corner was   _  ."], "article": "Pepys and his wife had asked some friends to dinner on Sunday, September 2nd, 1666. The servants were up very late on the Saturday evening, getting everything ready for the next day, and while they were busy they saw the glow of a fire start in the sky. By 3 o'clock on the Sunday morning, the glow had become so bright that one of the servants, Jane, woke her master to see it. Pepys went to the window to watch it. It seemed fairly far away, so after a time he went back to bed. When he got up in the morning, it looked as though the fire was dying down, though he could still see some flames. So he set to work to tidy his room and put his things back where he wanted them after the servants had cleaned everything.\nWhile he was doing this, Jane came in to say that she had heard that the fire was a bad one: three hundred houses had been burned down in the night and the fire was still burning. Pepys went out to see for himself. He went to the Tower of London and climbed up on a high part of the building so that he could see what was happening. From there, Pepys could see that it was, indeed, a bad fire and that even the houses on London Bridge were burning. Someone told him that the fire had started in a baker's house in Pudding Lane, and then the flames had quickly spread to the other houses in the narrow lane. So began the Great Fire of London, a fire that lasted nearly five days, damaged most of the old city and ended, so it is said, at Pie Corner.", "id": "high17004.txt"}