{"answers": ["A", "C", "D", "A"], "options": [["he led the people to end slavery and united the nation", "he caused the Civil War and fought against slavery", "he was the only president to join in a civil war", "he owned the ten qualities of leadership"], ["persuade the public to follow some rules", "take measures to deal with an economic crisis", "start a war between countries", "run after equal justice for the people"], ["John F. Kennedy.", "George Washington", "Bill Clinton", "George W. Bush"], ["Abraham Lincoln - George Washington - Franklin", "Abraham Lincoln - George Washington - Theodore Roosevelt- Franklin", "George Washington -Abraham Lincoln -John F. Kennedy -Theodore Roosevelt -Harry Truman - Franklin", "Roosevelt"]], "questions": ["Abraham Lincoln was chosen as America's greatest president mainly because   _  .", "According to the recent study, a good president wouldn't   _  .", "Which of the following presidents did worst when he was in power according to the recent study?", "According to the passage, the greatest American president from No.1 to No.6 should be   _  ."], "article": "Recently, another study has been carried out about who is the greatest American president. Sixty-five presidential historians took part in it and they judged the past forty-two American leaders based on ten qualities of leadership, which include public persuasion, crisis   leadership, the management of economy, moral leadership and international relations. The historians also looked at administrative   ability, relations with Congress, goal setting and pursuit   of equal justice for all. Finally, the experts considered performance based on the historical period in which the president lived.\n     The historians chose Abraham Lincoln as America's greatest president. He had also been named best president in a similar study in 2000. Abraham Lincoln was the only president in American history to lead the nation during the Civil War in the 1860s. He united the nation at last. And he took the first steps that destroyed the institution of slavery in America.\n     Edna Medford is a professor of history at Howard University in Washington, D.C. She was an adviser on this study and the earlier one. She says Abraham Lincoln is seen to represent the values that the nation most honors like truthfulness, moderation   and respect for human rights.\n     The historians named America's first president, George Washington, as second on the list of greatest presidents. Franklin D. Roosevelt, Theodore Roosevelt and Harry Truman are next in that order. John F. Kennedy, the country's first Roman Catholic president, is sixth on the list. Like Abraham Lincoln, John F. Kennedy was murdered while in office.\n     Among recent presidents, Ronald Reagan was named the tenth best president. Bill Clinton was rated fifteenth. And the historians rated former president George W. Bush as number thirty-six. His father, George H.W. Bush, did much better. He was rated as number eighteen.", "id": "high17027.txt"}