{"answers": ["A", "C", "B"], "options": [["High school graduates preparing to have at-home training.", "College students preparing to study for a degree.", "College students preparing to work in some big companies.", "High school graduates preparing for college entrance examination."], ["doing full-time learning at school", "working in some big famous companies", "studying in their spare time", "studying abroad for two years"], ["By visiting the office on weekdays.", "By sending an e-mail.", "By making a call on weekdays only.", "By sending a letter not later than today."]], "questions": ["What kind of people will probably answer this advertisement?", "People can get a Specialized Associate Degree by   _  .", "How can you contact Harcourt Learning Direct?"], "article": "Have you ever wondered what a Degree might be worth to you in your job or career? It means a lot. Americans with an Associate Degree average nearly $10,000 more in yearly earnings than those with just a High School Diploma.\nHarcourt Learning Direct offers you a way to get a Specialized Associate Degree in 11 of today's growing fields - without having to go to college full-time. With Harcourt, you study at home, in your spare time so you don't have to give up your present job while you train for a better one. Choose from exciting majors like Business Management, Accounting, Dressmaking & Design, Bookkeeping, Photography, Computer Science, Engineering, and more!\nYour training includes everything you need!\nBooks, lessons, learning aids---even professional-quality tools and equipment --- everything you need to master your training and move ahead to a new career is included in the low tuition   price you pay.\nYour education is nationally recognized! \nNearly 2,000 American companies --- including General Electric, IBM, Mobil, General Motors, Ford, and many others --- have used our training for their employees. If companies like these recognize the value of our training, you can be sure that employers in your area will, too!\nEarn your degree in as little as two years! Get a career diploma in just six months!\nThe career of your dreams is closer than you think! Even if you have no experience before, you can get valuable job skills in today's hottest fields! Step-by-step lessons make learning easy. Prepare for promotions, pay raises, or even start a business of your own.\nSend today for FREE information about Harcourt at-home training! \nSimply fill in your name and address on the coupon   above. Then, write in the name and number of the program you're most interested in, and mail it today. We'll rush your free information about how you can take advantage of the opportunities. In the field you've chosen. Act today!\nMail coupon today! Or call the number below 1-800-372-1589. Call anytime, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. www.harcourt-learning.com \nE-mail: Harcourt@learning.com", "id": "high17048.txt"}