{"answers": ["D", "C", "C"], "options": [["The New Life with My Employers", "General Observation of Qataris", "My Adventure in the CzechRepublic", "My First Impressions ofQatar"], ["rich western industrialized country", "backward agricultural country", "modern society with religious tradition", "nation closed to the outside world"], ["pleased with her present living condition", "missing her days in theCzechRepublic", "not certain how long she will be staying", "worried about her relation with her boss"]], "questions": ["The best title for this passage is   _  .", "In the author's eyes, Qataris a   _  .", "It is true that the author is   _  ."], "article": "Hoorah!I have escaped the Czech   Republic! I am now wearing light clothing and sunglasses, although the  _ today,as it is cool and overcast with cloud and it has rained slightly.\nThe city of Qatar   is flat and sandy with few trees -- mostly palms. You can see construction everywhere, new streets with hotels and apartment blocks in prefix = st1 /Venicetheme. It's a mix of super modern and traditional building styles. Everything looks new including the vehicles. There are many huge roundabouts; no traffic rules or at least no one obeys any. The huge 4-storey shopping mall in fantastic style has an ice rink   on the ground floor. Thousands of people walk round the waterfront after dark.\n    Qataris are very religious and there are calls to prayers regularly. Qatari men are dressed in all sorts of traditional clothing plus western dresses. You can easily find imported labour from South Asian countries, poorly paid and discriminated against. I am told that Qataris don't hide their racist attitudes.\nWomen are always wonderful sights. Some are in all sorts of black clothing with face uncovered; some totally enveloped; lots wearing western dresses. Best sight so far: a woman in a mall completely wrapped in black including gloves, not even an eye shown -- wearing glasses on the outside of her veil  , using a cell phone while fingering a dress. \nI am living with my employers -- a New Zealandcouple, and another teacher namedWayne, all about my age. We share one apartment. I have a large room with a bathroom attached: it is a little run-down but very comfortable. The only rather annoying thing is that I have to use the laptop on my bed as there is no desk and chair in here. As soon as it is clear that I will be staying I will make a change to all this. I haven't lived with other people for many years and have been used to living alone so it will be interesting to see how this works.", "id": "high17059.txt"}