{"answers": ["D", "A", "C", "D", "C"], "options": [["In the kitchen.", "In Vinod's house.", "In the bedroom.", "In the bathroom."], ["Satisfied.", "Cautious.", "Doubtful.", "Worried."], ["earn respect from family members", "accept Vinod's parents as her parents", "compare her mother's home and their home", "ask permission if she wants to cook something"], ["Living with her.", "Cooking meals instead of her.", "Making compromises with her.", "Accepting her help in the kitchen."], ["how to respect her husband", "how to trust her mother-in-law", "how to adapt to her married life", "how to better understand her parents"]], "questions": ["Where was Meera when her mother went to her bedroom?", "What was Seema's attitude towards Vinod?", "According to the mother, the daughter should NOT  _    in the new family.", "What will help if Meera wants to build trust with her mother-in-law, according to the mother?", "The mother wrote the letter mainly to teach her daughter   _  ."], "article": "The entire house was lit with lights.  It was Meera's wedding the next day. Seema walked to her daughter's bedroom.  Meera was not there,  so she left the envelope on Meera's bed and went away. When Meera came out of the bathroom, her eyes fell on the envelope. She picked it up and opened it. Sitting on the bed, she started to read it:\n      My darling daughter, I am so happy for you. My darling is getting married! To such a good man! At the same time, I am a little worried, too. The reason? You are going to a new house where everything is going to be new: the people, relationships and surroundings. Yes, you are smart and Vinod will be there with you to help, but I have a few things to say:\n    Accept Vinod's parents as your parents.  Remember that your mother-in-law will have her own understanding about you. So it is up to you to give her a good impression.\n     Earn respect from family members.  If that means changing yourself a little bit and adapting to their customs, just do it. It will help you to settle into your new home.\n     Never compare your mother's home and their home.  It may not be appreciated. \n     The kitchen is one place where small fights can appear.  It is your mother-in-law's king- dom, so ask her permission if you want to cook something. If she offers help, accept it. This will help in building trust between you. Similarly, offer her your help when she is busy cooking. Thus, a new relationship will be born: one of respect and understanding.\n     Finally, respect your husband, as he is your life partner.  Remember that a marriage requires trust, love and compromise  .\n      I could have sat with you and told you, but I felt that writing all this down would make you understand better and I am sure you will give your whole heart to this relationship. Remember that both Papa and I are here for you always.\n     Love, Ma", "id": "high17055.txt"}