{"answers": ["D", "A"], "options": [["Because you are forced to speak your language", "Because students come from English countries.", "Because nobody in your class speaks your language.", "Because you have no choice but to speak English."], ["On the Internet.", "In a science textbook.", "In a travel guide.", "In a medical newspaper"]], "questions": ["Why are mixed classes good for English learning?", "Where can you probably find the passage?"], "article": "A language holiday is a combination of \"holiday\" and study abroad to learn or improve a foreign language. English language holidays are taken in English-speaking countries like England, the USA or Australia. While there, you study in a language school with students from many different countries. You live with local people, often staying with a host family. A language holiday can be of any length - from one week to one year - but most are two or three weeks.\nWhat are the Benefits of a Language Holiday?\nLanguage holidays have become a very popular method of learning English because they have many advantages:\nTotal Exposure  Because you are in an English-speaking country, you are constantly exposed to English from the time you wake up and have breakfast with your host family until late evening and your last drink in a local pub. You have little or no opportunity to escape the English language. This is how you learn your own language - constant exposure.\nMixed Classes   When you study in your own country, all the other students in your class speak your language, so you are not forced to use English. On a language holiday, students come from countries all over the world. It is possible that nobody in your class will speak your language, so you will just have to speak English!\nFreedom From Pressure   On a language holiday you are away from home and can forget the everyday pressures of school or business. Your mind is more relaxed and you can learn more easily.\nCultural Understanding   Learning a language is not only about learning words. Different nations have different cultures. People think and behave differently. Their language is closely associated with their culture. By visiting and living in a foreign country, you learn to understand the culture and the people - and so better understand the language.\nYou'll find schools offering language holidays at EnglishClub.com ESL World.", "id": "high17053.txt"}