{"answers": ["A", "D", "C"], "options": [["the fish resource near the shore was decreasing", "the fishes farther away from the sea tasted fresher", "people would prefer eating fresh fishes to less fresh ones", "it was getting harder and harder to keep fishes fresh"], ["Getting the fishes frozen.", "Storing the fishes with salt.", "Putting the fishes in tanks.", "Keeping the fishes with sharks."], ["dogs and cats", "monkeys and mosquitoes", "wolves and antelopes", "tigers and lions"]], "questions": ["The main reason for the fishing company to fish in the far sea is that   _  .", "Which was the best way for the fishing company to keep fishes fresh?", "The relationship between fishes and sharks is similar to that between   _   in nature."], "article": "It is well known that the Japanese people's love of fish is almost as strong as a bee's interest in honey. As fish populations were decreasing, fishing companies were forced to fish further and further away from the shore. Then they had a big challenge -- how to keep the fish fresh for longer. So they decided to keep the fish stored in freezers on the boats. But the public did not like frozen fish. So again the fishing companies had a new bigger challenge. What they decided to do was to have fish tanks on their boats. After catching fishes, they would put them in the tanks and keep them living there until they got back to shore. But in this protected environment, lacking predators  , the fish stopped moving around. The Japanese public felt these dull fish did not taste fresh, which had an unpleasant effect upon sales. Once again the fishing companies had an even bigger challenge ... \n    Stop for a minute! Before we go any further, I would like to ask \"What are your challenges? How do you handle an unexpected challenge? \" May I think it this way that you should try to attack your challenges? Conquer them with a Swiss Army knife. Take the most proper and simple tool that you can adopt to deal with your situation.\n    Now back to our story. How did the Japanese finally figure out the fresh fish problem? Sharks! You might think the same. Sharks were caught and put into the tanks with other fishes. Don't sharks EAT fish? Well, they do eat a few fish, but they did also keep more fish active and alert  . The fish stay fresh because they are challenged. \n    _  to offer yourself achallengein your own business and career.", "id": "high17063.txt"}