{"answers": ["B", "C", "D", "C"], "options": [["By examining health problems including overweight and smoking.", "By analyzing 173 studies on influences of media sources.", "By watching TV, playing video games and surfing the Web.", "By offering strong evidence that children become overweight."], ["drug and alcohol use", "overweight, smoking, sexual problem", "progress in school subjects", "poor health results and violence"], ["we'd better get rid of TV, movies, and the Internet", "the present generation of youths is hopeless", "sexual themes are as bad as violent themes", "some media contents have a bad effect on teens"], ["What's the Cause of Children's Overweight?", "Violence and Sexual content in TV programs.", "Lots of TV, Video, Web Harms Kids' Health.", "Media Exposure and Adolescent Pregnancy."]], "questions": ["How did the experts carry out their research?", "According to the passage, too much media exposure may cause the following EXCEPT   _  .", "By mentioning adolescent pregnancy, the author tries to tell us that   _  .", "What's the best title for this passage?"], "article": "Spending a lot of time watching TV, playing video games and surfing the Web causes a lot of healthy problems to children such as overweight and smoking, US researchers said yesterday. \nU.S. experts analyzed 173 studies on how media sources influence the physical health of children and adolescents  . The studies, mostly carried out in the prefix = st1 /United States, largely focused on television, but some looked at video games, films, music, computer and Internet use. Three quarters of them found that increased media viewing was connected with poor health.\nThe studies offered strong evidence that children who get more media exposure are more likely to become overweight, start smoking and begin earlier sexual activity than those who spend less time in front of a screen, the researchers said. Studies also showed more media exposure is linked to drug and alcohol use and poorer school performance. \"We were pretty surprised by the number of studies that showed these negative health results,\" said one of the researchers in the report.\nFor decades, experts have worried about the effect on young viewers of the violence and sexual content in some TV programs, movies and video games. Another issue is that kids are spending time sitting on a couch  watching TV or playing computer games when they could be running around outside. \nOne study found that children who spend more than eight hours watching TV per week at age 3 are more likely to be overweight at 7. And research showed that many USchildren watch far more. Another study showed TV and other media content can have a deep influence on children's attitudes and beliefs, particularly among teens. A US study published in November showed that adolescents who watched more programs with sexual themes had a higher risk of becoming pregnant   or causing a pregnancy. Thirteen of 14 studies that evaluated  sexual behavior found a connection between media exposure and earlier sexual behavior, the researchers said.", "id": "high17067.txt"}