{"answers": ["A", "A", "D"], "options": [["Poor nutrition in developing countries", "More food is needed in developing countries", "More help should be provided for developing countries", "World bank should pay more attention to developing countries"], ["Malnutrition in poor countries is caused by too little food.", "Yearly earnings have something to do with poor nutrition.", "Colostrum plays a great role in the growth of newly born babies.", "Malnutrition affects economic growth in poor countries."], ["Provide good food directly.", "Provide better working conditions.", "Give newly born babies colostrum.", "Offer educational programs to mothers."]], "questions": ["What does the passage mainly discuss?", "Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?", "What does the report suggest developing countries do to deal with malnutrition?"], "article": "A new World Bank report warns that children who do not get enough good food in the first two years of life suffer lasting damage. They may be underdeveloped or under-weight. They may suffer from poor health or poor intelligence. In addition, these children are more likely to drop out of school and earn less money as adults.\nAt the same time, it notes that too little food is not the only cause of poor nutrition  . Many children may suffer for other reasons. For example, the study says that mothers often fail to give their newly born babies their first breast milk. This \"milk\" is called colostrum  . It can improve a baby's ability to fight infections   and disease.\nThe study also links malnutrition   to economic growth in poor countries. A lack of nutrition in early childhood can cost developing nations up to three percent of their yearly earnings. The study suggests that poor countries could possibly double their economic growth if they improved nutrition. \nAfrica and South Asia are affected the most by poor nutrition. The study says about half of all children in India do not get enough good food. The World Bank study also notes that rates of malnutrition in South Asia are almost double those in central and southern Africa. Other parts of the world are also seriously affected, including Indonesia, Guatemala and Peru.\nThe study advises that developing countries change their policies to deal with malnutrition. Instead of directly providing food, the study suggests educational programs in health and nutrition for mothers with young babies. It also advises cleaner living conditions and improvements in health care.", "id": "high17079.txt"}