{"answers": ["C", "D", "C", "C"], "options": [["by space", "by examples", "by time", "by comparison"], ["She divorced with her husband and soon married Dr. Andrea Dotti.", "She decided to retire while she won an Oscar as Best Actress.", "She really was blue-blood from her parents.", "She was very elegant and her style in acting is excellent."], ["Before she headed to America to try her luck there, she had spent   some bitter days in Europe.", "She received another Academy nomination in the movie Sabrina (1954), in 1954.", "In 1988, Audrey ended her acting career and became a special ambassador to the United Nations UNICEF fund.", "She was selected as one of the 50 most beautiful people in the world and the top 100 movie stars of all time."], ["The Making Of A Great Actress", "The History Of Movies In US", "A Mini-biography Of Audrey Hepburn", "How To Be A Famous Star Like Audrey Hepburn"]], "questions": ["The passage is developed   _  .", "Audrey became greatly prominent in that   _", "Which one is NOT true in the following statements about Audrey Hepburn?", "Which would be the best title for the text?"], "article": "Audrey Hepburn was born on May 4, 1929 in Brussels, Belgium. She really was blue-blood  from the beginning with her father, a wealthy English banker, and her mother, a Dutch baroness . After her parents divorced, Audrey went to London with her mother where she went to a private girls school. In World War II she fell on hard times during the Nazi occupation, and Audrey suffered from depression and malnutrition. After the liberation she headed to America to try her luck there.\n    Audrey gained immediate prominence in the US with her role in Roman Holiday in 1953. This film turned out to be a smashing success as she won an Oscar as Best Actress. This gained her enormous popularity and more roles. Roman Holiday was followed by another similarly wonderful performance in the 1957 classic Funny Face. Sabrina, in 1954, for which she received another Academy nomination, and Love in the Afternoon, in 1957, also garnered rave reviews . One of Audrey's most radiant roles was in the fine production of My Fair Lady, in 1964. Her co-star Rex Harrison once was asked to identify his favorite leading lady. Without hesitation, he replied, \"Audrey Hepburn in MY FAIR LADY\". After a couple of other movies, she gained another nomination in 1967's Wait Until Dark.\n    By the end of the sixties, after her divorce from actor Mel Ferrer, Audrey decided to retire while she was on top. Later she married Dr. Andrea Dotti. From time to time, she would appear on the silver screen. In 1988, Audrey became a special ambassador to the United Nations UNICEF(United Nations Children's Fund)fund helping children in Latin America and Africa, a position she retained until 1993. She was named to People's magazine as one of the 50 most beautiful people in the world. Her last film was Always in 1989. Audrey Hepburn died on January 20, 1993 in Tolochnaz, Switzerland. She had made a total of 31 high quality movies. Her elegance and style will always be remembered in film history as evidenced by her being named to Empire magazine's \"The Top 100 Movie Stars of All Time\".", "id": "high17077.txt"}