{"answers": ["D", "B", "A"], "options": [["the multi-functional use of high heels", "their attempt to show off their status", "the rich variety of high heel styles", "their wish to improve their appearance"], ["they create a threat to lawns", "they are harmful to women's health", "they don't necessarily make women beautiful", "they are ineffective as a weapon of defense"], ["see through the very nature of fashion myths", "refuse to buy the products of the fashion industry", "go to a podiatrist regularly for advice", "avoid following fashion too closely"]], "questions": ["Women don't take the disadvantages of high heels too seriously because of   _  .", "The writer's chief argument against high heels is that   _  .", "It can be inferred from the passage that women should   _  ."], "article": "In department stores and closets all over the world, they are waiting. Their outward appearance seems rather appealing because they come in a variety of styles, patterns, materials, and color1s. But they are eventually the biggest deception   that exists in the fashion industry today. What are they? They are high heels   -- a woman's worst enemy (whether she knows it or not). High heel shoes are the downfall of modern society. Fashion myths have led women to believe that they are more beautiful or stylish for wearing heels, but in reality, heels succeed in creating short as well as long term troubles. Women should fight the high heel industry by refusing to use or purchase them in order to save the world from unnecessary physical and psychological suffering.\nFor the sake of fairness, it must be noted that there is a positive side to high heels. First, heels are excellent for aerating lawns  . Anyone who has ever worn heels on grass knows what I am talking about. A simple trip around the yard in a pair of those babiesgets rid of all the need to call for a lawn care specialist, and provides the perfect-sized holes to give any lawn oxygen without all those messy blocks of dirt lying around. Second, heels are quite functional for defending against oncoming enemies, who can easily be scared away by threatening them with a pair of these sharp, deadly fashion items.\nRegardless of such practical uses for heels, the fact remains that wearing high heels is harmful to one's physical health. Talk to any podiatrist  , and you will hear that the majority of their business comes from high-heel-wearing women. High heels are known to cause problems such as misshapen feet and torn toenails. The risk of severe back problems and twisted or broken ankles is three times higher for a high heel wearer than for a flat shoe wearer. Wearing heels also creates the threat of getting a heel caught in a narrow sidewalk gap and being thrown to the ground--possibly breaking a nose, back, or neck. And of course, after wearing heels for a day, any woman knows she can look forward to a night of pain as she tries to comfort her aching feet.", "id": "high17082.txt"}