{"answers": ["C", "D", "C"], "options": [["My new family", "My stepfather and I", "Change is not always for the worst", "The change happening in my life"], ["He had no concern for his parents' divorce.", "He lived with his mother and brother after his parent's divorce.", "He lost his happiness with his parents' breakup.", "He finally changed his attitude towards his stepfather."], ["humorous", "hardworking", "loving", "loyal"]], "questions": ["The best title for the passage should be \"  _  \".", "What can we know about the author?", "Which of the following can best describe the author's stepfather?"], "article": "Big things were happening in my life the summer after I turned 13. In the middle of that summer, my parents shook my whole world and turned it upside down when they told me they were getting a divorce . I couldn't believe that our family was going to break up. Though I always knew my parents weren't very happy and they often fought, I still wanted my family to stay the same.\nMy life changed a lot after the divorce. My mother and I moved into a small apartment across town, while my father and brother, Bill, stayed in our house. I now became a visitor whenever I went to see my dad and Bill on weekends. And later I had my soon-to-be stepfather, Dan, whom I showed no interest in. I was clearly depressed, especially after Dan and my mother married and I realized that there was no way that things could changed back to the way they were.\nEven though I resisted all Dan's attempts  to get to know me and wasn't very nice to him, he never gave up on me. Gradually, I began to believe in him. I realized that we actually had some thing in common especially when it came to movies and TV shows. We spent a lot of time together hanging out and watching TV. That gave us a chance to talk and get to know each other.\nBetter still, Dan showed an interest in me, which I had never experienced from my own father. Dan was always around when I needed advice on school or friends. Once I begin to warm up to Dan, the three of us began spending a lot of time together. We often went out to eat and took short trips. Eventually, I discovered that I finally had the happy family that I had always wanted.\nI now realize my parents were right about getting the divorce. Their breakup was the best thing to happen for all of us. My father also found happiness-- he remarried and had another child, my half -sister, Michelle.", "id": "high17098.txt"}