{"answers": ["A", "D", "C", "B"], "options": [["Cycling around a lake.  ks5u", "Motor racing in the desert.  ks5u", "Playing basketball in a gym.  ks5u", "Swimming in a sports center.  ks5u"], ["It is popular in Portugal and Spain.  ks5u", "It causes water shortages around the world.  ks5u", "It pollutes the earth with chemicals and wastes.  ks5u", "It needs water and electricity to keep its courses green.  ks5u"], ["it is an outdoor sport ks5u", "it improves our health ks5u", "it uses fewer resources ks5u", "it is recommended by experts ks5u"], ["show us the function of major sports ks5u", "encourage us to go in for green sports ks5u", "discuss the major influence of popular sports ks5u", "introduce different types of environment-friendly sports ks5u"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is the author most probably in favor of? ks5u", "What do we know about golf from the passage? ks5u", "The author uses power walking as an example mainly because  _  .  ks5u", "The author writes the passage to  _  .  ks5u"], "article": "Sports can help you keep fit and get in touch with nature. However, whether you are on the mountains, in the waves, or on the grassland, you should be aware that your sport of choice might have great influence on the environment.  ks5u\nSome sports are resource-hungry. Golf, as you may know, eats up not only large areas of countryside, but also tons of water. Besides, all sorts of chemicals and huge amounts of energy are used to keep its courses  in good condition. This causes major environmental effects. For example, in the dry regions of Portugal and Spain, golf is often held responsible for serious water shortage in some local areas.  ks5u\nThere are many environment-friendly sport. Power walking is one of them that you could take up today. You don't need any special equipment except a good pair of shoes;and you don't have to worry about resources and your purse. Simple and free, power walking can also keep you fit. If you walk regularly, it will be good for your heart and bones. Experts say that 20 minutes of power walking daily can make you feel less anxious, sleep well and have better weight control.  ks5u\nWhatever sport you take up, you can make it greener by using environment-friendly equipment and buying products made from recycled materials. But the final goal should be \"green gyms\". They are better replacements for traditional health clubs and modern sports centers. Members of green gyms play sports outdoors, in the countryside or other open spaces. There is no special requirement for you to start your membership. And best of all, it's free. ks5u", "id": "high17104.txt"}