{"answers": ["C", "B", "D"], "options": [["Theoretical", "Practical", "Unintended", "Planned"], ["Russia thinks there was a chemical weapons attack in Syria.", "Russia is against the American military strike on Syria.", "Obama believes that a diplomatic settlement is on the way.", "American Congress will approve Obama's limited airstrikes."], ["Bashar al-Assad's administration should be punished for breaking the ban", "Obama's government has to prevent future use of chemical weapons in Syria", "Syria's president can do nothing to avoid an American military strike", "placing Syria's chemical weapons under international control is hard to achieve"]], "questions": ["What does the author think of John Kerry's statement at a press conference in London last Monday?", "According to the passage, which of the following statement is TRUE?", "The belief shared by John Kerry and Joanna Kidd is  _  ."], "article": "What seemed like an unplanned comment about Syria's chemical weapons   had a major effect on world events this week. American Secretary of State John Kerry spoke last Monday at a press conference in London. He was reacting to questions about possible American action to answer a chemical weapons attack believed to be likely in Syria. One reporter asked the secretary whether there is anything Syria's president can do to avoid an American military   strike.\n\"Sure, he can turn over every single bit of his chemical weapons to the international society in the next week.\"www.ks5u.com\nMr. Kerry made it clear that he was speaking theoretically, and did not expect anything like that to happen.\nBut Russia seized on the idea and persuaded Syria to do the same. That brought plans for American congressional   votes on military action to a halt. President Obama has said he would accept a diplomatic settlement if it can be carried out. But that would likely take weeks, at least.\nMr. Obama has said the government of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad must be punished for breaking the nearly century old ban on the use of chemical weapons. He called for American action to prevent future use of chemical weapons in Syria. He suggested limited airstrikes on government targets. The airstrikes could happen quickly if Congress approves.\nJoanna Kidd is a security expert with London's King's College. She says any move to place Syria's chemical weapons under international control would take a long time, if it could be done at all.", "id": "high17103.txt"}