{"answers": ["B", "B", "A"], "options": [["Eating less.", "Having a good diet.", "Taking exercise.", "Taking some medicine."], ["Fruits.", "Soft drinks.", "Nuts.", "Vegetables."], ["a book about health", "a website about cooking", "a travel magazine", "a business newspaper"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is a good way to lose weight according to the text?", "Which of the following is NOT a good choice to lose weight?", "The text may be taken from   _  ."], "article": "Do you know that you can lose weight just by eating? If someone tells you that the only way to burn fat and lose weight is by eating like a mouse, you know it is not right. Now you can lose weight by eating the right kinds of foods in the right way!\nDiet pills or fiber  ? Diet pills, while helping you control your appetite  , come with several harmful side effects. To tell the truth, when you use them, you lose more than you gain! Here is a healthier and more natural way: increase your fiber intake. Natural fruits and vegetables are rich in fiber. These foods help keep you full for a long time so that you don't feel hungry too often. Apart from vegetables and fruits, nuts and whole grains are other foods which are rich in fiber!\nSoft drinks or water? If you feel thirsty, you may either drink lots of soft drinks or water. Here is an interesting fact about soft drinks: since they are rich in sugar, they not only make you fatter but also in-crease your thirst, so that you are forced to drink more of them! Not so with water! It has no unhealthy side effects! Water also cleanses your body of all harmful things and waste products, making it easier for your body to burn fat and lose weight!\nA large plate or a small one? We all know how important it is to eat less for the purpose of weight loss. Here is one funny thing to note: if you put very little food on a large plate, your brain will think that you have eaten less than your requirement, even though that may not be the case. However, put that same food on a smaller plate, and you will feel completely full! You may not believe it, but this is a fact. In order to feel full, you need to satisfy not only your stomach but also your eyes!", "id": "high17105.txt"}