{"answers": ["A", "D", "C", "A", "B"], "options": [["both Fear and Faith trust something in the future", "Fear and Faith have nothing in common", "neither negative nor positive future will happen", "people usually choose to believe in the positive future"], ["We usually choose the negative road.", "We should choose the positive road.", "Our belief about the future depends on our choice.", "We must choose either a positive or negative road."], ["We should have fear because it is a gift.", "Fear can bring cheese and risk to people.", "Reasonable fear helps to plan for future.", "Leaders usually have oversized fear."], ["take powerful actions today", "be committed to saving money", "stay away from any challenges", "have the best days ahead of us"], ["Fear is closely related to faith.", "We should have faith in a positive future.", "Life is full of fear and faith.", "Wrong decisions sacrifice our future success."]], "questions": ["According to the passage, we can know that   _  .", "What does the writer mean by saying \"our bus can't be on two roads\"?", "Which of the following about \"Fear\" is true?", "If we have faith in future, we will   _  .", "What does the writer intend to tell us in the passage?"], "article": "Do you know what Fear and Faith have in common? Fear believes in a negative future. Faith believes in a positive future. Both believe in something that has not yet happened. So I ask you, if neither the positive nor negative future has happened yet then why not choose to believe in the positive future?\nI believe during these challenging times we have a choice between two roads: the positive road and the negative road. And our bus can't be on two roads at the same time. So we have to make a choice and this choice determines our belief about the future and the attitude and actions we bring to the present.\nI'm not saying we shouldn't have any fear. There are times when fear is a gift. A healthy dose  of fear causes us to examine our situation and plan for the future. It moves us to smell the cheese and expect change. When used wisely it allows us to manage risk and make better decisions. Some fear is good.\nHowever, what I have observed lately is a supersized, huge dose of fear that is spreading the hearts and minds of far too many people. This oversized fear is causing leaders and their organizations to either act unreasonably or to not act at all. They are either hurrying in a million different directions because of fear. In both cases, fear is leading them to take the negative road to failure.\nThe answer is the positive road paved with faith and a belief that your best days are not behind you but ahead of you. With this belief you make the right choices and actions today that will create your positive future tomorrow. You stay calm, focused and committed to your purpose. You look for ways to save money and cut costs without making unreasonable fear-based decisions that sacrifice your future success. You identify opportunities in the midst of the challenges and you focus on solutions instead of problems.\nYour faith and belief in a positive future leads to powerful actions today. The future has not happened yet and you have a say in what it looks like by the way you think and act. Fear or Faith. The choice is yours.", "id": "high17107.txt"}