{"answers": ["D", "C", "B", "B"], "options": [["China and India are powerful countries", "China and India are in difficult economic conditions", "group buying is successful worldwide", "group buying is an international trend"], ["People have accepted group buying because it's a new concept", "Social media and mobile devices have been joined", "GPS and social media technology will be helpful in group buying", "Shops usually offer a killer deal when their customers are having fun"], ["pessimistic", "optimistic", "objective", "subjective"], ["The history of group buying", "Group buying in South Africa", "The feature of group buying", "The group buying concept"]], "questions": ["The author sets China and India as examples to show that  _  .", "Which of the following is true according to the passage?", "The author's attitude towards the future of group buying is  _  .", "What does the passage mainly tell us?"], "article": "Group buying is one of the fastest growing trends in South Africa today. Industry leaders are confident the growth potential remains strong since group buying is location-specific. Start-up costs are low and profit room remains high, so many sites continue to receive invested money despite widespread criticism and Facebook's decision to _ deal business due to privacy concerns.\nIn the early stages of all industries, some companied fail because they cannot compete with stronger companies in difficult economic conditions. To deal with difficult conditions, an alarming number of businesses are developing group buying websites in places like China and India, so the increase of group buying in South Africa is nothing more than a natural progression into the international mainstream.\nThe group buying concept is fairly new and consumers have accepted this concept because they can now make full use of the rich information available on the Internet. Group buying is convenient and easy so it works. Anyone can view a site, join a mailing list, subscribe to RSS or print out a coupon . The current group buying structure offered by the industry leaders works although there are still challenges to overcome.\nPerhaps, the future of group buying is tied to the joining together of social media and mobile devices. Mobile devices are with us wherever we go and almost everyone is using some type of social media site like Facebook or Twitter to stay informed. Using GPS and social media technology to provide real time location-specific promotions would be beneficial to every consumer looking for the best deals in town.\nPause for a moment and think about it! What is better than signing on to your phone while having fun in town and you receive a real time information that your favorite shop across the street is offering a killer dial?\nThe future of the group buying in South Africa is bright and we can expect to see more advanced approaches to this concept in the future. In addition to the technological advances consumers will see the range of promotions expand to include new products and services.", "id": "high1710.txt"}