{"answers": ["A", "C", "D"], "options": [["Avoiding using a phone for some time", "Learning more about modern technology", "Protecting one's phone against any damage", "Not using a mobile phone in one's daily work"], ["It lets you know other people also lose their phones.", "It will give you a new phone through insurance.", "It enables you to reconnect with your acquaintances.", "It gives you a prescription to treat nomophobia"], ["Attitude toward mobile phones", "New mobile phone technology", "Disadvantages of mobile phones", "Solutions to nomophobia"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is a way to treat nomophobia?", "Why can the service called Asurion help to treat nomophobia?", "What is the passage mainly about?"], "article": "Kelly Reeves was getting ready for a trip when her phone slipped into a sink full of water. Panic moment! She quickly picked up the wet phone and tried to turn it on, but nothing worked. Her first reaction? She got dressed, drove to the nearest store, and bought a new mobile at full price.\nA new study finds that fear of losing your phone is a common illness. About 66 percent of those surveyed suffer from _ or \"no mobile phone phobia\". Interestingly, more women worry about losing their phone than men.\nFortunately, there's a solution.\nThe first step is to figure out if you have nomophobia. Checking your phone too often is one thing, but the true sign of a problem is that you can't conduct business or go about your routine when the fear becomes so severe.\nDo you go to unusual lengths to make sure you have your phone? That's another sign of a problem. If you find you check your phone plenty of times per hour, or a total of an hour per day, there may be a problem.\nSome of the treatments are similar to those for treating anxiety attacks: leaving the phone behind and not checking e-mail or text messages, and then learning to tolerate the after anxiety. Even if this leads to a high level of worry and stress, the solution is to push through the fear and learn to deal with not having your phone.\nOf course, there are also technological alternatives. Luis Levy, a co-founder at Novy PR, says he uses an application called Cerberus that can automatically track the location of his phone. To find it, he can just go to a website and see the phone's location.\nHe also insures his phone through a service called Asurion. The company's description of its product reads like a prescription for anxiety:\"60 million phones are lost, stolen or damaged each year. You'll have complete peace of mind knowing that your phone is protected and you can quickly reconnect with family, friends and work, as soon as the very next day!\"", "id": "high1711.txt"}