{"answers": ["C", "C", "B"], "options": [["it is an interesting experience", "it is fun to travel around the world", "it is a chance to develop your career", "all your friends are doing so"], ["how much the courses cost", "the names of all the professors", "how good the school is compared to others", "where the school is located"], ["Buy an airplane ticket, read the instructions and requirements, and study.", "Prepare reference letters, prepare school records, and fill in the application form.", "Prepare school records, do paperwork, and work hard.", "Write a reference letter, do paperwork, and study."]], "questions": ["According to the article, studying abroad is truly worthwhile because   _  .", "A school ranking list tells you   _  .", "What are the three basic steps when you apply?"], "article": "Living abroad to study can certainly be an interesting experience but is that alone a good enough reason for spending years far away from home? To make the experience truly worthwhile, there has to be a goal behind the decision to study abroad. This may be a wish to perfect language skills in a foreign language environment, or a clever move in your career development. You must also consider the costs, not just of living and studying abroad, but of applying. Most universities now charge application fees for international students.\nIf after considering these points you are sure that you want to apply to study abroad, your next step is to choose the right programme of studies. Research your choices and select carefully. You must do your homework well. Most universities have information online but you can also email and ask them to send you more details. You can find a lot of information on school ranking from education websites. But read carefully. Different universities emphasize different strengths. Don't just think about the university's reputation  ; look for the most suitable for your goals. \nNext, you must deal with a large pile of paperwork. This involves filling in application form, preparing your school records, and getting reference letters. Reading the instructions and requirements of the universities carefully is of great importance. Sadly, many fine applicants get kicked out in the first round, simply because they don't follow the application procedure properly.\nMoney is another important consideration. Some scholarships are provided by governments, others by schools and colleges. This information, again, can be found on the Internet. If you find a scholarship that is suitable for you, follow the application procedure carefully; the earlier you apply, the better your chance of getting it.", "id": "high17113.txt"}