{"answers": ["D", "D", "B", "B"], "options": [["on the same date every year", "on Sunday on March 22", "on Sunday on April 25", "on a Sunday between March 22 and April 25"], ["go shopping, hide color1ed eggs and children hunt for them", "give Easter baskets filled candy and goodies to one another", "buy new clothes, hide color1ed eggs and children look for them around the house", "both B and C"], ["buying new clothes", "going to church to celebrate Jesus'resurrection", "eating delicious food and paint color1 eggs", "exchange beautiful gifts each other"], ["In both American and Belgium, children hunt for Easter eggs hidden in rooms and in bushes", "In American, children believe the eggs are hidden by the Easter bunny", "In Belgium, the hidden eggs are thought to have fallen from doorbells", "In America, the hidden eggs are supposed to have fallen from doorbells"]], "questions": ["Easter comes   _  .", "To celebrate Easter, people   _  .", "For Christians the more important thing to do on Easter is  _  .", "People from different cultures have different ideas about Easter egg,   _  ."], "article": "The most important holiday in spring, especially for Christians , is Easter. This Christian holiday is not on the same date every year, but it's always on a Sunday. It can be any Sunday between March 22 and April 25. Many people celebrate Easter by buying new clothes. Children celebrate by hunting for color1ed eggs that their parents have hidden around the house. People also give Easter baskets filled with candy and other goodies to one another to celebrate the day.\n     But the holiday is more than new clothes and good things to eat. On Easter, many people go to church to celebrate Jesus' resurrection from the dead.\n     Most people color1 them. Some people hide them. Others just eat them. But no matter what one does with Easter eggs, they are an important Easter tradition throughout the Western world.\n     People from many different cultures celebrate Easter. In both America and Belgium, children look for Easter eggs hidden on lawns and in bushes. In America, children believe the eggs are hidden by the Easter bunny . But in Belgium, the hidden eggs are supposed to have fallen from church bells. In Bulgaria, red Easter eggs are lucky in churches; Bulgarian families also hit these Easter eggs together to see whose is the strongest. The winner looks forward to good fortune that year. Still dozens of other Easter traditions exist. In parts of Austria, for example, children sing from door to door and are rewarded with color1ful eggs.", "id": "high17121.txt"}