{"answers": ["B", "C", "A", "C"], "options": [["A handsome cowboy", "A cowboy artist", "An artist in the west", "A famous artist"], ["Because he has read a lot about cowboys' life.", "Because he has seen many such paintings.", "Because he has experienced such life. Ks5u", "Because he knows western styles well."], ["a good artist as well as a story teller and poet", "skilled at his teaching", "a rich artist", "a British artist"], ["Ron's painting focuses on city life.", "Ron learned a lot from his teacher.", "Ron was born and raised on a farm.", "Ron's paintings can't be seen in Europe."]], "questions": ["What is the best title of the passage?", "Why can Ron truly present the facts about cowboy life in the west?", "From the passage we can see Ron is   _  .", "Which of the following is true?"], "article": "Western artist R.V. (Ron) Jahns creates his unique western wildlife paintings by tapping  into   his vast experience of true life. He had rich western experiences out in the mountains in the great Northwest.\nRon paints from the heart and his experience as a cowboy in the west. He has a particular passion   for the mountains from Eastern Oregon to Alaska and draws from his many years of mountain adventures as inspiration for his western paintings. Born and raised on a farm, this cowboy artist is well knowledgeable with the subjects of his Western art. Ron struggles for historical accuracy in his western cowboy paintings when an artist gives a false description of the facts about cowboys in the west!\nLiving in Alaska for 17 years added a new factor to Ron's western art. As a hunter and fisherman he observed the wildlife in its natural setting and has conveyed this spirit to his canvas. Ron's western art can be viewed throughout the United States, in Europe and through occasional private showings. You can find western wildlife paintings by Ron at various art shows throughout the year. For a list of art shows the Cowboy Artist will be attending, visit his Art Show page. Although a self-taught western artist, Ron himself has taught painting in colleges and through private lessons. Ron is quite a storyteller and the last of an old kind of cowboy poets and western storytellers. If you've met Ron at the Flea Markets in Sumpter, Oregon then you no doubt have already had a taste of his knack   for telling tall tales and sharing his original cowboy poems of true life on the ranch.", "id": "high17125.txt"}