{"answers": ["B", "A", "D"], "options": [["All the accidents can be prevented.", "All the accidents cannot be prevented.", "Lives can be saved so long as there is proper equipment.", "Lives cannot be saved even if there is proper equipment."], ["prevention of injuries is not paid enough attention to", "children under 14 are more easily hurt in sports", "most head illnesses are related with exercise", "none of the head illnesses should have happened"], ["How to cure brain-damaging concussion.", "How to diagnose brain-damaging concussion.", "How to predict the possibility of brain damage.", "How to deal with the injured properly."]], "questions": ["Which of the following is true according to the passage?", "It is implied in the passage that   _  .", "What can coaches mainly learn from the online safety course?"], "article": "Few people would question the value of taking part in sports for young people. With proper training, supervision, protective equipment and techniques, and a proper emphasis on winning, sports can develop a healthy body and spirit and a life-long interest in being active and fit. Without such measures, childhood sports can lead to injuries and even paralysis or death.\nEven in the best conditions, no activity can be risk-free. But most serious dangers are preventable. Cyclists and football players can reduce their risks by wearing helmets, hockey players by wearing masks; basketball and tennis players by wearing eye guards; baseball players by wearing batting helmets. Besides, risks to individual players can often be found, and thus prevented, through a properly performed medical exam before a child plays. For accidents that may not be preventable, having an emergency plan and first-aid equipment, and someone trained to use the equipment, can be lifesaving.\nStill, each year, according to the American College of Sports Medicine, more than 775, 000 children under 14 are treated in emergency rooms for sports injuries, nearly half of them preventable. An estimated 300,000 athletes experience exercise-related head illnesses each year, and almost all of them should have been avoided.\nFurther, from half to three-fourths of sports-related concussions  are never even diagnosed; the injured are often sent back to play too soon and put at risk of another more serious brain-damaging concussion. To help reduce these risks, the National Center for Sports Safety, with the National Athletic Trainers' Association, offers a three-hour online safety course for coaches for $28 at www. SportsSafety. Org.", "id": "high17122.txt"}