{"answers": ["B", "C", "C", "A"], "options": [["they don't ,want to be different", "they are affected by their peers", "they believe they take the right direction", "they want to make good impressions on people"], ["Follow a successful man", "Sum up the mistakes they have made.", "Ask people to guide them.", "Think carefully about the direction they are heading in."], ["It is wrong to follow other people.", "It takes time to think wisely.", "You should use your brain before following others.", "You shouldn't be sorry for what you have done."], ["Reasons for not following others blindly.", "Effects of following others.", "Advantages of making wise decisions.", "Ways of finding successful people to follow."]], "questions": ["According to the text, most people like to follow others partly because", "What do many people who want to succeed do before making a decision?", "What opinion does the author hold?", "What is the text mainly about?"], "article": "Most people follow others blindly just under the effect of peer  pressure or because  they feel it safe to follow a large number of people. In some rare cases it might be right to follow  the crowd, but in most cases this' can be a big mistake.  Actually there are reasons why we shouldn't follow the crowd blindly.\nAccording to a study, people often follow the crowd when they aren't sure about the direction they should take. This means a large number of people could be following others without understanding what's right and what's wrong! This makes more people follow and as a result most people move in a certain direction even if it isn't right.\nA man who wants to be successful always hopes for others' guidance and he usually follows the same path of most people, but the question this man never asks himself is: are all of those people successful ?Of course not! If you want to follow a crowd, then follow a successful one. However,  in real life you'll only find one successful person among hundreds of people ,  and that's why following the crowd makes no sense at all\nMost people act emotionally without thinking wisely. If you always follow others because they're greater than you in number, then sooner or later you'll discover that you're taking emo- tional decisions you might regret later.\nHowever.  should we never follow the crowd? No.  I'm not trying to say you should never follow the crowd, but instead I'm just asking you to think wisely before you take a decision.  lf you find others are right, there is no problem in following them, but if you have doubts about the direction they're moving in,  don't follow them blindly.", "id": "high17138.txt"}