{"answers": ["A", "B", "A"], "options": [["all the people were kind and equal in different activities", "all the people quarreled with each other in every fightings", "people often took part in different fightings", "every child tired to climb the top of all the activities"], ["they pretended to lose when they could win the games", "they didn't think it was very important who was the winner among their activities", "they didn't hold any activities which could produce winners or losers", "they thought it was a good idea that no one could win in their activities"], ["people could spend their nights anywhere whether it was their home or not", "people only served their friends to spend their nights at home", "people had to return to their home to spend their nights whether they were far away or not", "strange people had to spend their nights in the field when it got dark"]], "questions": ["According to the write   _  .", "From the passage, we can infer that   _  .", "In their area, it was said that   _  ."], "article": "Going back as far as I can remember as a child in an Indian area, I had no senses of knowing about the other people around me except that we were all somehow equal...There was only one class. Nobody was interested in getting on top of anybody else. \nYou could see it in our games. Nobody organized them. There weren't any  _ sports. But we took part in lots of activities and we were organized, but not in the sense that there were wars of finding out who had won and who had lost. We played balls like everyone else, but no one kept scores. Even if we did formally take part in the games we played, no  one was a winner though someone may have won. It was only at that moment. If you beat someone by pulling a bow and arrow and shooting the arrow further, it didn't mean you were better in any why. It just meant that at that particular time the arrow went further; maybe it was just the way you let the bow go. These kinds of things are very important to me and that is why I am talking about them.\nOne of the very important things was the relationship we had with our families. We didn't always live at home. We lived wherever we happened to be at that particular time when it got dark. If you were two or three miles away from home, then that was where you slept.", "id": "high17139.txt"}