{"answers": ["B", "A", "D"], "options": [["few Indian people are rich enough to take the first-class compartments", "the terrorists spent plenty of time and efforts in planning the attack", "an exact number of injuries has been discovered after the attack", "the heart of the city Bombayhas always been the target of terror attacks"], ["has been kept for only two years since the 2004 Athens Olympics", "was shared by Liuxiang and Jackson in Stuttgart,Germany.", "is raised by 12.88 seconds by Liuxiang in Lausanne.", "was broken by Liuxiang in 2004 Athens Olympics."], ["Russia will host the G-8 summit in St. Petersburg.", "China is not a member of the Group of Eight", "China attends the summit with the invitation of the Russian government.", "Health problems will not be among the topics in the G-8 summit."]], "questions": ["From the first news item, we can infer that_.", "According to the news report, the old 110 metres hurdles world record_.", "Which of the following statements is NOT true by the last news item?"], "article": "Bomb attack onprefix = st1 /Bombaytrains kills 190\n       BOMBAY, India-Eight bombs exploded in first -class compartments of packed Bombay Trains Tuesday, killing 190 people and wounding hundreds in a well-designed terror attack on the heart of a city that embodies the ambition of the country.\n       Liu Xiang record warmsChina's hearts\n       Liu Xiang ofChinaset a new 110 metres hurdles world record on a stunning night in Lausanne, breaking the record he shared withBritain's Colin Jackson. Liu rushed to the finishing line in a time of 12.88 seconds, beating the old mark of 12.91 that he matched in winning gold at the 2004 A thens Olympics. Jackson ran 12.91 inStuttgart,Germany, in August 1993.\n       Materazzi admits insulting Zidane\n       Marco Materazzi admits he insulted Zinedine Zidane before the France captain head-butted him in the World Cup final. Materazzi denies calling him a\"terrorist.\"Zidane and Materazzi  _ after Italy broke up a French attack in extra-time of Sunday's final in Berlin Seconds later, Zidane lowered his head and rammed Materazzi in the chest, knocking him to the ground.\n       President Hu departs for G8 summit\n       BEIJING,July 16-Chinese President Hu Jintao left Beijing on Sunday morning for Russia's St. Petersburg to attend the summit of the Group of Eight major economies. Hu is invited by Russian President Vladimir Putin. On Monday. Hu will meet with G-8 leaders to discuss energy security, prevention and control of epidemic diseases, education, African development and other topics. Among Hu's entourages are State Councilor Tang Jiaxuan, Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing, Director of the Policy Research Office of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China(CPC)Wang Huning, Deputy Director of the General Office of the CPC Central Committee Ling Jihua, Director of thePresident's Office Chen Shiju and Assistant Foreign Minister Cui Tiankai. The G-8 members are Britain,Canada,France,Germany,Italy,Japan,Russiaand theUnited States.", "id": "high17143.txt"}