{"answers": ["C", "A", "A"], "options": [["You can eat all kinds of vegetables", "You are lucky to eat what you like", "You can save lots of money", "You can satisfy your desire"], ["they can be grown where there is no light", "they can grow well in an outdoor space", "it is easy for them to go bad in a few days", "they can grow without soil"], ["It is easy and fun to grow mushrooms", "We should eat more fruit and vegetables", "Mushrooms online are very expensive", "Mushrooms--tasty and healthy vegetables"]], "questions": ["What is an advantage of growing vegetables according to the passage?", "Mushrooms are different from other vegetables in that  _  .", "What would be the best title for this passage?"], "article": "Every time you go shopping, the vegetables and fruit look so tempting that you wish you could buy all of them. Some people are lucky and can grow the fruit and vegetables in the gardens that they have. While getting fresh vegetables, they can also achieve great cost cutting.\nMushrooms are expensive and can also go bad very quickly. Mushrooms can also be grown easily in a dark environment. In fact it's better than growing other vegetables since you really don't need an outdoor space. A special type of soil that is good for growing mushrooms is easily available.\nActually mushrooms aren't even vegetables; they are fungi  and for this reason, you don't even require sunlight to grow them. Well how does one go about growing mushrooms? You could always Google \"growing mushrooms\" and you will find a number of mushroom growing kits  available online that area effective and not very expensive either.\nMushrooms can be added to any dish that you cook. Simply use them in pizzas, salads and anything that you pretty much fancy. Grow mushrooms in your own house and use them whenever you want. Fresh mushrooms are tastier than the ones that are stored in your refrigerator.\nIf you have had a really good crop of mushrooms, then you can even store them. Ideally you should use the white variety of the mushrooms. Simply pick them, slice them and put them on a cookie sheet in a freezer. When they area frozen, just put them in a zip lock and you can use them when you want to. They give a really great taste to the dish that you are making. Thaw them before you use them.\nYou should try growing mushrooms, since it's cost-effective. Furthermore, you can eat the fresh mushrooms any time that you want.", "id": "high1715.txt"}