{"answers": ["C", "C"], "options": [["his magic tricks and inhuman powers", "his special tricks and a skeleton key", "his unusual ability and skeleton key", "his inhuman talents and magic tricks"], ["before he was about 17", "when he was about 17", "after the year 1898", "before the year 1898"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, Houdini's success imprison escape depends on_.", "It can he inferred from the passage that Houdini became successful_."], "article": "The Man of Many Secrets-Harry Houdini---was one of the greatest American entertainers in the theater this century. He was famous for his escapes---from prison cells, from wooden boxes floating in rivers, from locked tanks full of water. He appeared in theaters all over Europe and prefix = st1 /America. Crowds came to see the great Houdini and his \"magic\" tricks.\nOf course, his secret was not magic, or supernatural powers. It was simply strength. He had ability to move his toes as well as he moved his fingers. He could move his body into almost any position he wanted. \nHoudini started working in the entertainment world when he was 17, in 1891. He and his brother then performed card tricks in club in new York. They called themselves the Houdini brothers. When Harry married in 1894, he and his wife Bess worked together as magician and assistant. But for a long time they were not very successful. Then Harry performed his first prison escape, inChicagoin 1898. Harry persuaded a detective to let him try to escape from the prison, and he invited the local newspaperman to watch.\nIt was the publicity that came from this that started Harry Houdini's success. \nHarry had fingers trained to escape from handcuffs and toes trained to escape from ankle chains. But his biggest secret was how he unlocked the prison doors. Every time he went into the prison cell, Bess gave him a kiss for good luck---and a small skeleton key, which is a key that fits many locks, passed quickly from her mouth to his. \nHarry used these prison escapes to build his fame. He arranged to escape from the local jail of every town he visited. In the afternoon, the people of the town would read about it in their local newspapers, and in the evening every seat in the local theater would be full. What was the result? Worldwide fame, and a name remembered today.", "id": "high17166.txt"}