{"answers": ["B", "D", "B", "A"], "options": [["Growing bacteria in foods.", "Eating foods which contain bad germs.", "Eating foods from the fridge.", "Eating meat."], ["wash the foods from the fridge for a long time", "store the foods which do not have bacteria in the fridge", "prepare enough foods to avoid bad germs in foods", "fully heat up the foods from the fridge even if they aren't rotten"], ["The solution to food poisoning is to get rid of all the bacteria.", "You don't need to deal with all food poisoning seriously.", "It's easy to find bacteria.", "Sometimes your mom or dad don't care about you."], ["Food poisoning.", "What is food poisoning?", "Which germs are to blame?", "You are what you eat."]], "questions": ["What may mostly cause the food poisoning according to the passage?", "According to the passage, if you want to avoid food poisoning, you'd better   _  .", "We can infer from the passage?", "Which is the best title for the passage?"], "article": "The leftovers in the fridge smelled a little unusual, but you ate them. You were so hungry that you didn't even heat them up. Later, you started to feel sick. Powerful waves of pain rumbled through your stomach. They went away, but not for long, then you even threw up.\n   That sounds like the case of food poisoning. No one put poison in your food, but bacteria probably grew in the food in the fridge and those bacteria made you sick. Food poisoning can be mild and last just a short time or can be more serious.\n   Food poisoning comes from eating foods that contain germs like bad bacteria, which are poisonous substances. Bacteria are all around us, so mild cases of food poisoning are common. You may have had mild food poisoning with diarrhea and an upset stomach --- but your mom or dad just called it a stomach bug or stomach virus.\n   You might think the solution is to get rid of all the bacteria, but it isn't possible and you wouldn't want to do it, even if you could. Bacteria are all around us, including food, and sometimes they can be good for you. It's confusing, but one thing is for sure ---- You can, however, learn how to avoid those bad germs in food.\nFoods from animals, raw foods, and unwashed vegetables all can contain germs that cause food poisoning. The most likely source is food from animals, eggs, milk, and shellfish.\nTo avoid food poisoning, people need to prepare, cook, and store foods properly.", "id": "high17163.txt"}