{"answers": ["D", "C"], "options": [["Energy from lake waters.", "Energy from fuel resources which have taken millions of years to accumulate.", "Energy from forests.", "Energy from the Sun."], ["Man is destroying the natural surroundings on purpose because the surroundings cannot make them satisfied to get enough treasures.", "All the wasteland throughout the world is now being irrigated, fertilized and planted with grass and trees.", "Where there is a desert, there can be sand storms.", "Energy from waters, forests, fuel resources and the sun takes millions of years to accumulate."]], "questions": ["According to this selected passage, which energy is considered to be endless, clean and safe?", "Which of the following statements do you think is true after reading the passage?"], "article": "Treat with Respect\nThe speed with which Man is changing the face of Earth has outstripped all the mighty processes of nature put together. In his haste to supply himself with increasing quantities of Earth's treasures he risks destroying one he greatly needs, his natural surroundings. Some countries set aside unspoiled areas of natural beauty. prefix = st1 /Canadahas the largest system of national parks in the world, 29 in all covering about 13 million hectares, preserving the different landscapes and the plant and animal life.\nOther countries are restoring areas which have been reduced to waste land by mining. At Broken Hill in Australiadrifting sand from rock crushing turned the area into a desert swept by sand storms. This is now being irrigated, fertilized and planted with grass and trees. In Great Britain quarries and gravel pits  are being filled in or made into lakes, industrial wasteland is being turned into playing fields and waste tips into sloping green hills.\nHowever Man tries to look after Earth, the fact is that he is using up at a great rate resources, especially fuel resources, which have taken millions of years to accumulate and which he cannot renew. Yet every day the Earth receives a huge supply of energy from the Sun. Man has made several experiments in using solar energy to heat furnaces , cookers, and water-distillers. In space technology, e.g. on satellites, solar cells convert  sunlight into electricity. Houses and offices have been designed which are centrally heated by water or air heated by the sunlight. When Man can trap and store this energy, so that he can use it exactly as he needs it, he will have not only an endless supply, but a clean and safe one.", "id": "high17171.txt"}