{"answers": ["A", "C", "D", "A"], "options": [["The Country Bear Playhouse will be closed.", "There will be a new attraction for our guests at Disneyland.", "The number of visitors to the Country Bear Playhouse is falling.", "The Bears will retire because of old age and can't give shows any more."], ["the Bears will be missed", "we should tell kids today that they \"have to\" make great memories of the Bears", "the long-time attraction ought to make way for a future attraction", "people never care about what they have until all is lost"], ["and I feel it is time to give our bears a good rest", "but anyway ,the attraction has lost interest", "but I know that Disneyland will always be changing ,and I accept that", "and I am sad that the Bears will be leaving"], ["In a web discussion zone.", "In a suggestion book.", "In a report on the popularity of the Country Bears.", "In high school students' compositions."]], "questions": ["What news might get people talking about the problem of the Country Bears?", "Allen spoke mainly to get his point across that_.", "Which is the best choice to complete Roger's idea: \"The Country Bears have been a part of Disneyland for nearly 30 years,_.\"", "Where can this passage be found?"], "article": "Allen : I've never been a big fan of the bears ,especially the vacation show .On my last trip to Disneyland (1999) we passed it by ,because we didn't want to spend the time on something we didn't really enjoy. If we'd known it would be closed by our next visit, I'm sure we would have watched it one more time. I was just making the point that it wasn't until Disney announced the closing that this feeling suddenly sprang up for the Country Bear show at Disneyland.\n       But I think the idea of keeping some attractions open forever regardless of the number of visitors it gets is a mistake .We all have great memories of the Bears ,but clearly very few kids today (or I should say families today) are making those same memories from this show . That may be a sad fact ,but it's a fact. For whatever reason, the show doesn't pull in the numbers. Isn't it right to use the Country Bear space to bring in a more popular attraction so that more kids today can make those magic memories of an attraction THEY like? Otherwise aren't we just telling kids today that they \"have to\" make great memories of the Bears ,when it's obvious that the kids themselves are not enjoying the Bears like we did?\n       Roger: I am very disappointed that they have decided to retire the Country Bear Playhouse. I remember going to the show as a child ,and still enjoyed it as a teenager, and now young adult .It is true that there aren't a lot of shows left at DL and with this one closing even less .Being at DL does require a lot of walking ,and it is nice to have a few attractions that are a place to sit and enjoy a good show. I understand that DL has to develop ,but there has to be some history to the Disneyland that Walt Disney first designed .There should be some parts of DL that just never go away ,and this is one of them . By the time I have children it looks like there won't be any attractions that I can say I went to as a child at the rate they are going.\n       Now the Bears are leaving .What I want to say is : stop trying to compete with everyone! DL is the best ,because of attractions like the Country Bears. If DL insists on destroying all of its magic to make way for the latest ,well ,then it might as well be just another theme park.", "id": "high17187.txt"}