{"answers": ["B", "A", "D"], "options": [["whether parents should divorce", "whether children suffer from parents' divorce", "whether children should stay with divorced parents", "whether parents should put children's needs first when getting divorced"], ["it is better for parents not to divorce", "children should not stay with divorced parents", "it is better to live with one divorced parent", "children of divorced parents don't have serious problems"], ["the children are more aggressive to their teachers", "the children are more likely to quit school", "the children may have problems with their own adult relationship", "the children may experience more pressure from society"]], "questions": ["The passage focuses on   _  .", "According to Ms. Wallerstein,   _  .", "Divorce results in all the following problems except that   _  ."], "article": "In the United States, the number of children affected by divorce  grows by about one million each year. As the number increases, experts continue to debate the effects of divorce on children.   \nSome experts say divorce is harmful to children. Some studies show that children of divorce have more problems. For example, some children of divorce are more often aggressive toward parents and teachers. They have a greater risk of leaving school before completing their studies. They have more health and learning problems. However, experts note that these problems are not necessarily caused by divorce alone.   \nDuring the 1970's, many Americans believed that divorce was the best solution for married people who were not happy. People did not think divorce would harm children. They thought children would go through a period of change when their parents ended their marriage. Then the children would be all right.   \nThese beliefs have changed in recent years. Researcher Judith Wallerstein studied more than one hundred children of divorce over a twenty-five-year period. She says some children never recover from divorce. She says they often have problems with their own adult relationships as a result of their parents' divorce. \nMs. Wallerstein says her study proves that parents should stay together for their children, even if they are unhappy. However, some people say that children suffer more in a situation where there is much conflict. They say it is better for children to live with one divorced parent than to live with two parents who are angry and unhappy.   \nOther experts note that many children of divorce do not have serious problems. This is because their parents are able to deal with the situation in a responsible way. \nExperts say that some people who get divorced are able to put the needs of their children first. They say that they are able to show the children that their love and support will continue after the divorce.", "id": "high17184.txt"}