{"answers": ["D", "C", "B", "A"], "options": [["size and shape", "color1 and shape", "size and arrangement", "color1 and arrangement"], ["the unknown area of the brain", "damage to a wide area of the brain", "unusual organization of brain cells", "problems on the left side of the brain"], ["was limited to the right side of the brain", "was not limited to the left side of the brain", "resulted from the left side of the brain", "did not lie in the left side of the brain"], ["study possible influences on brain development and organization", "study how children learn to read and write ,and use numbers", "help learning-disabled children to develop their intelligence", "explore how the left side of the brain works in language learning"]], "questions": ["Scientists found that the brain cells of a learning-disabled person differ from those of a normal person in_.", "It is NOT mentioned in the passage that learning disabilities may result from_.", "Doctor Duffy believed that the problem of learning disabilities_.", "According to the passage we can conclude that further researches should be made to_."], "article": "Learning disabilities are very common. They affect perhaps 10 percent of all children .Four times as many boys as girls have learning disabilities.\n       Since about 1970, new research has helped brain scientists understand these problems better. Scientists now know there are many different kinds of learning disabilities and that they are caused by many different things. There is no longer any question that all learning disabilities result from differences in the way the brain is organized.\n       You cannot look at a child and tell if he or she has a learning disability .There is no outward sign of the disorder .So some researchers began looking at the brain itself to learn what might be wrong.\n       In one study ,researchers examined the brain of the learning-disabled person who had died in an accident .They found two unusual things. One has something to do with cells on the left side of the brain ,which control language. These cells normally are white .In the learning-disabled person, however ,these cells were gray. The researchers also found that many of the nerve cells were not in a line the way they should have been .The nerve cells were mixed together.\n       The study was carried out under the guidance of Norman Geschwind, an early expert on learning disabilities. Doctor Geschwind thought that learning disabilities resulted mainly from problems on the left side of the brain .He believed this side of the brain failed to develop normally .Probably ,he said ,nerve cells there did not connect as they should .So the brain was like an electrical device in which the wires were crossed.\n       Frank Duffy experimented with this technique at Children's Hospital Medical Center inprefix = st1 /Boston. Doctor Duffy found large differences in the brain activity of normal children and those with reading problems. The differences appeared throughout the brain. Doctor Duffy said his research proves that reading disabilities result from damage to a wide area of the brain, not just the left side.", "id": "high17186.txt"}