{"answers": ["D", "B"], "options": [["It's convenient to drive around the city.", "They cannot count on buses.", "It costs them much money to take trains.", "Driving cars has little effect on environment."], ["3.", "4.", "5.", "6."]], "questions": ["Which of the following is NOT the reason why some car users are unwilling to change their way of transport?", "How many solutions to congestion have been mentioned in the article?"], "article": "An upper class British lady once declared: \" Anyone seen on a bus after the age of 30 has been a failure in life.\" This may sound arrogant  and ignorant. Unfortunately, there are still people thinking that way. Some wealthy folk in the West look down on buses and boast about how many years it has been since they last travelled by one.\n    How sad is that? Our roads are packed with cars and the air is full of the pollution they emit. But still, many car users are unwillingly to get on a bus or a bike or a train to take themselves to work. It's convenient to drive, they'll say. Buses are so unreliable, they'll claim. And trains are expensive - at least in the UK. It's an attitude which may have to change. It doesn't make sense to drive a car in a city where there's a public transport system. Also, these rush hour commuters usually travel alone.\n    As a result, transport authorities in the UK are looking at solutions to city center congestion . One is to increase the number of parking spaces at out-of-town railway stations. More motorists can then leave their cars and travel into the city by train. Light rail or tramways are another environmentally friendly solution. Many cities across Europe have had light rail or tramway systems. The subway in London is used by everyone, rich and poor. It's the quickest way of getting around the city, whatever your bank balance. And then there are the cycle hire plans you find in many modern cities. In London and Paris, you can hire a bike by the hour to get you where you need to go. \n    Mayor of London, Boris Johnson, is often pictured cycling to work. David Cameron, the British prime minister, cycled to the House of Commons before he became leader.", "id": "high17198.txt"}