{"answers": ["C", "B", "B"], "options": [["America's youngest bachelor of science", "Drexel University's youngest student", "the world'syoungest college professor", "the world's youngest female teacher"], ["fourteen", "eighteen", "nineteen", "twenty"], ["Alia Sabur is the youngest female doctor from Stony Brook University.", "Colin Maclaurin has once been the youngest college professor in the world.", "In Korea, Alia Sabur is not allowed to drink for she is still underage.", "Alia Sabur knows anything but Tae Kwon Do."]], "questions": ["We can learn from the passage that Sabur is   _  .", "When Sabur was hired as a professor, her actual age is   _  .", "According to the passage, which of the following is TRUE?"], "article": "Alia Sabur, from Northport, N. Y., US, went to college at age 10. And four years later, Sabur became a bachelor of science in. Applied Mathematics summa cum laude from Stony Brook University -- the youngest female in US history to do so.  Her education continued at Drexel University, where she earned a Master of Science and a Doctor of Philosophy   in Materials Science and Engineering.\nWith an unlimited future ahead of her, Sabur directed her first career choice to teaching. \"I really enjoy teaching,\" she said. She was three days short of her 19th birthday in February, 2008, when she was hired to become a professor at Konkuk University in Seoul, Korea.  This distinction made her the youngest college professor in history, according to the Guinness' Book of Worm Records, beating the previous record held by Colin Maclaurin, a student of Isaac Newton, in 1717.\nAlthough she doesn't start until next month, Sabur has taken up teaching math and physics courses at Southern University in New Orleans. Sabur is old enough to teach in the city, but not to join her fellow professors in a bar after work. In Korea, where the drinking age is 20, _ .  In traditional Korean culture, children are considered to be 1 year old-when they are born, and add a year to their age every New Year instead of their actual birthday, so in Korea Sabur is considered 20.\nOn top of her unprecedented   academic achievements, Sabur has a black belt in Tae Kwon Do  . She is also a talented clarinet   player who has performed with musicians like Lang Lang and Smash Mouth. So is there anything Sabur can't do?", "id": "high1719.txt"}