{"answers": ["A", "C", "A", "C"], "options": [["in her early twenties", "in her early teens", "in her late twenties", "in her late teens"], ["Bath has greatly changed since Jane Austen's death.", "The city has changed as much as Jane Austen knew it.", "Bath remains almost the same as in Jane Austen's time.", "No changes have taken place in Bath since Austen's time."], ["attract readers to visit the city of bath", "ask readers to buy Austen's books", "tell readers about Jane Austen's experience", "give a brief introduction to the Jane Austen Society"], ["books about Austen and her family life", "cards and gifts that have something to do with Austen", "the quizzes written by Austen to keep the children busy", "the books written by the other writers about Austen"]], "questions": ["Jane Austen paid two long visits to Bath  _   .", "What can we learn about Bath from the passage? .", "The author writes this passage in order to   _  .", "After you have visited the Center, you can get the following things EXCEPT  _  ."], "article": "Jane Austen, a famous English writer, was born in Steventon, Hampshire, on December 16, 1775, and died on July 18,1817. She began writing early in life, although the prejudices of her times forced her to have her books published anonymously. .\nBut Jane Austen is perhaps the best known and best loved of Bath's many famous local people and visitors. She paid two long visits during the last five years of the eighteenth century and from 1801 to 1806, Bath was her home. Her deep knowledge of the city is fully seen in two of her novels, Northanger Addey and Persuasion, which are largely set in Bath. The city is still very much as Jane Austen knew it, keeping its streets and public buildings the well--ordered world that she described so well in her novels. Now the pleasure of learning Jane Austen's Bath can be enhanced  by visiting the Jane Austen Center in Gay Street. Here, in a Georgian town house in the heart of the city, you can find out more about Bath in Jane Austen's time and the importance of Bath in her life and work.\nThe Center has been set up with the help and guidance of members of the Jane Austen Society. After your visit to the Center, you can look round the attractive shop, which offers a huge collection of Jane Austen related books, cards and many specially designed gifts. Jane Austen quizzes are offered to keep the children busy.\nYou can also have walking tours of Jane Austen's Bath, which is a great way to find out more about Jane Austen and discover the wonderful Georgian city of Bath. The tour lasts about one and a half hours. The experienced guides will take you to the places where Jane lived, walked and shopped.", "id": "high172.txt"}