{"answers": ["A", "B", "C"], "options": [["your attention is on the content", "you don't fully understand the speech", "you don't know what the speaker plans to say", "you find the way of speech-making more important"], ["giving a speech is like giving a performance", "one to two mistakes in a speech may not be bad", "the listeners should pay more attention to how a speech is made", "the more mistakes a speaker makes, the more attractive he will be"], ["How to Be a Perfect Speaker", "How to Make a Perfect Speech", "Don't Expect a Perfect Speech", "Don't Expect Mistakes in a Speech"]], "questions": ["You don't remember obvious mistakes in a speech because   _  .", "It can be inferred from the passage that   _  .", "What would be the best title of the passage?"], "article": "It may help you to know that there is no such thing as a perfect speech.At some point in every speech, every speaker says something that is not understood exactly as he has planned.Fortunately, the moments are usually not obvious to the listeners. Why ? Because the listeners do not know what the speaker plans to say. They hear only what the speaker does say. If you lose your place for a moment, wrongly change the order of a couple of sentences, or forget to pause at a certain point, _ .When such moments occur, don't worry about them. Just continue as if nothing happened.\nEven if you do make an obvious mistake during a speech, that don't really matter. If you have ever listened to Martin Luther King's famous speech - \" I have a dream\", you may notice that he stumble his words twice during the speech.Most likely, however, you don't remember.Why? Because you were fixing your attention on its message rather than on his way of speech-making. People care a lot about making mistakes in a speech because they regard speech-making as a kind of performance rather than as an act of communication. They feel the listeners are like judges in an ice-skating competition.But, in fact, the listeners are not looking for a perfect performer. They are looking for a well-thought-out speech that expresses the speaker's ideas clearly and directly.Sometimes a mistake or two can actually increase a speaker's attractiveness by making him more human.\nAs you work on your speech, don't worry about being imperfect.Once you free your mind of this, you will find it much easier to give your speech freely.", "id": "high1720.txt"}