{"answers": ["A", "C", "A"], "options": [["There was only one event in it.", "It opened in the first week of April 1896.", "Coroebus was the first man to take part in it.", "It was stopped by the Roman Emperor Theodosius I."], ["776", "1892", "1894", "1896"], ["The History of the Olympics", "How Coubertin Set up IOC", "The First Modern Olympic Games", "Great Changes in Olympic Games"]], "questions": ["What can we know about the first Olympic Games?", "Coubertin made his dream come true in   _  .", "The best title for the passage would be   _  ."], "article": "The first ancient Olympic Games for which we still have written records were held in 776 BC. Coroebus won the only event at the Olympics. This made him the first Olympic champion in history. Then the Olympic Games developed and continued to be held every four years. In 393 AD, the Roman Emperor Theodosius I, a Christian, put a stop to the Games. \nIn 1892, a young Frenchman named Pierre de Coubertin suggested starting the Olympic Games again but failed. Two years later, Coubertin organized a meeting with 79 people representing nine countries. At this meeting he got what he wanted. All the delegates at the meeting voted for the Olympic Games. They also decided to have Coubertin found an international committee   to organize the Games. This committee became the International Olympic Committee (IOC) and Demetrious Vikelas from Greece was chosen to be its first president. Athens was chosen for the revival   of the Olympic Games and the planning began.\nThe first modern Olympic Games opened in the first week of April, 1896. Since the Greek government didn't have enough money to build a stadium, a wealthy Greek man, Georgios Averoff, donated over $100,000 to repair the Panathenaic Stadium built in 330 BC.Since the Games were not well publicized   internationally, athletes were not nationally chosen but rather came by themselves. Some athletes were tourists who happened to be in the area during the Games.", "id": "high17224.txt"}