{"answers": ["D", "C", "B", "A"], "options": [["a piece of shocking news", "an exciting story", "an interesting introduction", "a moving advertisement"], ["Kauai is an island near the Hawaiian Islands", "Kauai is another name of the Hawaiian Islands", "Kauai is one of the Hawaiian Islands", "Kauai does not belong to the Hawaiian Islands"], ["is not worth visiting at all", "is well worth visiting", "is not a beautiful island", "is a dangerous island"], ["Those who love nature.", "Those who love city life.", "Those who love the comfort in a fine hotel.", "Those who love going shopping."]], "questions": ["After reading the text, we come to know that it is   _  .", "It can be learned from the text that   _  .", "In the writer's real opinion, Kauai   _  .", "Who would like to visit Kauai?"], "article": "Don't go to Kauai. Go to any of the other Hawaiian Islands--Maui, Lanai, the Big Island-- but leave Kauai for us. The weather on Kauai is so unpredictable that sometimes it rains all day--in fact, it's the second-wettest spot on the earth. Yes, there are giant double rainbows all the time, and the sunlight through the clouds is magical. But if you are not interested in these, go somewhere else. You just can't control the nature on Kauai, and who wants to surrender   to the nature when you could be at a fine hotel, lying in a comfortable chair next to a swimming pool, with food served upon request?\n       So what if Kauai produces surf champions the wayprefix = st1 /Texasproduces cowboys? Most of its 300 white-sand beaches are unmarked. Unless you connect with the local people, the hidden spots are hard to find. While Hanalei is the most beautiful town you've ever dreamed of, you can forget about discos and clubs. Worse, it doesn't have one single four-star restaurant. What it does have is the original drive-through places where you pass by a rambutan tree, and pick a piece of fruit.\n       Shopping in Kauai? Forget it--unless you are interested in shell necklaces and beautifully carved wood bowls. Kauai is not about pampering. It's about going natural and finding the nature within you. It's a do-it-yourself place that offers walking along the coast, diving and swimming in the Pacific Ocean, and lying on the beach.\n       Don't go to Kauai unless you have a lot of time, because there's only one road, which can be slightly dull. It winds through the beautiful scenery of waterfalls, rivers flowing into the ocean, and taro fields. You have no choice but to look at everything, because the speed limit is 35 m.p.h.\n       If you're not interested in color1, don't bother with Kauai, because that's what you get--red roads, blue oceans, and a hundred different shades of green. It's like diving on land. Many people on Kauai believe that this is Lemuria--a lost island in the Atlantic. Can you imagine? Those Hawaiians, surfers, New Agers, and people who love nature and beauty and want a different quality of life--what do they know, anyway? Forget about it--you're not going to like it. Go somewhere else. Leave Kauai for us.", "id": "high17225.txt"}