{"answers": ["A", "B", "C"], "options": [["US presidents on holiday.", "Relationship between work and play.", "Famous US presidents.", "Suggestions on spending holidays."], ["Personal interests.", "Physical disability.", "Tidal current.", "Official arrangement."], ["He could often be the top player.", "He could often be the bottom player.", "He did not often respect the rules.", "He usually showed good team spirit."]], "questions": ["What's the passage mainly about?", "What's the main reason for Franklin choose to spend his holidays in the spring or on his yacht?", "What's special when Bill Clinton was playing golf?"], "article": "All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. That saying holds true not only for you and me, but also for some of the most powerful and influential people in the world, such as the presidents of the United States.\nBut how do American presidents spend their vacation time? Let's take a look!\nFranklin D. Roosevelt, considered one of the greatest presidents in American history, had limited vacation options because of his polio . He began visiting Warm Springs, Georgia in 1924 for its curative waters and later built a 2,000 acre polio treatment center nearby. He liked to cruise the Potomacon his yacht  and three times as president returned to his beloved Canadian island of Campobello, with which he fell in love as a kid.\nFormer President Bill Clinton, however, was never much good at vacationing. His staff had to practically force him to go on vacation his first year in office; his idea of relaxing was reading four good books simultaneously  while enjoying a cigar (chewed, not smoked). He could also lose himself in a game of golf, where his somewhat flexible interpretation of the rules could at times drive his partners crazy.\nObama's predecessor  also knows how to relax. Fishing is in the Bush family DNA: for blue sharks off the coast of Maine or anything with fins, almost anywhere else. George W. Bush also relaxed as president by jogging and clearing brush on his Texas ranch. Since leaving office, he has become an active mountain biker and, more recently, has taken up painting.\nObama tends to take a winter break in Hawaii, where he was born and raised, and a summer vacation in Martha's Vineyard, off the southern coast of Cape Cod, Massachusetts. In between, he plays basketball every couple of weeks and has been known to do some skeet shooting at Camp David. Obama's favorite pastime, no matter the location, has become easy to spot: golf.", "id": "high17233.txt"}