{"answers": ["B", "A", "C", "D", "D"], "options": [["Political ideas.", "Religious beliefs.", "Hard life.", "Hopes for fortune."], ["Cold and starvation.", "Wild animals.", "Local people.", "Sickness."], ["To memorize their family members left in England.", "To celebrate their survival from religious persecution.", "To thank the Native Americans for their help.", "To celebrate the new state they've set up."], ["enjoying a big meal", "making paper turkeys", "doing crossword puzzles", "sing Christmas songs"], ["knowledgeable", "responsible", "energetic", "thankful"]], "questions": ["What's the main reason for the English Pilgrims to leave their home country?", "What threatened the Pilgrims most when they first arrived the new world?", "Why did the Pilgrims hold a banquet one year after their arrival in the new world?", "For Thanksgiving, all the activities are normally done EXCEPT   _  .", "The passage was written to show the writer's attitude of being   _  ."], "article": "The American tradition of Thanksgiving dates back to colonial times, to the Pilgrims  of Plymouth rock Colony. To escape religious persecution  in England, the Pilgrims journeyed to the New World on their ship, the Mayflower. After a long journey, they finally arrived at Plymouth Rock in autumn of 1620. They could not finish building the settlement before winter, so many froze to death. They ate most of their food on the journey over, so many also starved. However, the Pilgrims met a Native American named Tisquantum, or Squanto as he was better known, who taught them how to plant corn and catch eel . By the same time next year, the Pilgrims had built a steady settlement, and had a bountiful harvest. To thank the Native Americans for their help and to celebrate the harvest, the Pilgrims held a grand banquet . Together, they feasted on corn, yams, fish, and most importantly: roast turkey, which became the highlight of the modern Thanksgiving feast.\nSchools always make a big deal about Thanksgiving, because they feel that it teaches children how to be thankful and to treat others with kindness. I spent the many years of elementary school making paper turkeys, fake cornucopias(a shell filled with food, a symbol of the holiday), and writing lists of what I'm thankful for. When I grew older, I watched movies and read books about the First Thanksgiving, and completed crossword puzzles and word searches filled with holiday themed words. While the idea for Thanksgiving is great, and it is a wonderful opportunity to instill certain values in children, I don't think we should name a special holiday for being thankful. We should be thankful for what we have every day, not just Thanksgiving.", "id": "high17231.txt"}