{"answers": ["C", "D", "C", "A"], "options": [["a librarian working in the Library.", "a student studying in the university.", "a professor working in the university.", "one of the entry staff working in the Library."], ["It was lost in another library.", "It was found under a pile of books.", "It was found by a graduate student.", "It had already been cancelled."], ["By using his old card.", "By using his new card.", "By asking a student to help him.", "By asking entry staff to help him."], ["humorous and thoughtful", "sensitive and determined", "stubborn and forgetful", "responsible and decisive"]], "questions": ["Who is likely to be the writer?", "What happened to his old university library card?", "How did the writer get into his own library?", "The writer seems to be a   _   person."], "article": "Today was a very big day for me and I had already ordered up a pile of books I needed in the University Library from home by about 10:15. Off I went at 10:30 to the University Library, to get all those references.\nOnly trouble was that when I arrived I discovered I hadn't got my university card that would open the library's electronic entrance, and every other place I needed to access. I had had it in another library the night before (which was where I strongly suspected it still was), but the immediate dilemma was this: should I (Plan A) try using the old university library card I had, which I had thought I had lost, and had been cancelled, but I thought there was a chance it would still work the University Library turnstile  ? Or should I (Plan B) admit it and hope that I could blag  my way in on the \"I've been coming to this library for 40 years...\" line? \nI went for Plan A.\nTwo reasons really. I think I could probably blag (or cry) my way in, but I thought it might get the entry staff into trouble. They've known me for ages, but rules are rules. Besides, I thought there was a good chance that my old card would still work the turnstile even if it had been cancelled. And if it didn't work, I could still try Plan B.\nThe answer was my old card did still work. I looked up that tricky little article about the Middle East, then I went off to my own little Library, knocked on the window and got let in by a graduate student (I am sure there are also rules about not letting professors in when they haven't got their card, even if desperate and crying). And there was good news. There under the pile of books I had been using the night before was the lost card.", "id": "high17240.txt"}