{"answers": ["C", "A", "B"], "options": [["Less rainfall.", "Insufficient water reserves.", "Digging deep wells.", "Environmental damage."], ["causing many to die of thirst", "making it hard for millions to get drinking water", "making it difficult for school children with parents facing money problems", "destroying the harvest"], ["It's important to save water in our everyday life.", "The entire nation is making an effort to fight against the drought.", "The causes of the drought in these areas are various.", "Water is a matter of life and death to us."]], "questions": ["Which of the following is not the cause of the drought mentioned in the passage?", "The damages the drought brought about are the following EXCEPT_.", "What does the writer mainly want to tell readers in this passage?"], "article": "A drink of water is just a matter of turning on a tap for most of us. However, water for those in drought-stricken northwestern China can't be taken for granted. Its present shortage is a matter of life and death to them.\nThe tragedy is the direct result of the drought that has hit a large area of northwestern China, and is affecting more than 50 million people. \nThe drought began last spring, ravaging Gansu, Qinghai and Shaanxi. Experts say the drought is a result of less rainfall, insufficient water reserves, high temperatures, dated irrigation projects, environmental damage and global climate change.\nMore than 15 million people are having difficulties getting safe drinking water. The drought is also affecting schoolchildren's studies. \"I am worried that my family will get no harvest this year. In that case, my family will not be able to afford my living costs,\" an unnamed boarding schoolgirl at Naqing Primary School in Shandan, Zhangye, told Dazhong Daily.\nBut thanks to measures taken under the leadership of the central government, the drinking water problem has been greatly eased. Each person in the five worst-hit provinces is being supplied with drinking water and 20 liters of water for other purposes each day.\nLocal authorities are digging deep wells and creating artificial rain. Military personnel are helping to transport water from others province to Gansu and Qinghai, according to CCTV. In Shaanxi, locals are turning to drought resistant crops. Other parts of China are helping by giving water and donating other resources.", "id": "high17249.txt"}