{"answers": ["A", "C", "D"], "options": [["The cold caused inconvenience to the snow-hit area.", "Europeans don't think the world is getting warmer.", "Cold snaps added more fun than inconvenience to Europeans.", "Low temperatures put Siberia in an emergency situation."], ["will be held for the first time", "is well known in the Netherlands", "was ever held 15 years ago", "attracts over 1 million participants"], ["Hardest Winter To Go", "Weather Getting Crazy", "Snow Causes Mess", "Freeze Raises Issues"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is true according to the passage?", "We can learn from the passage that \"Eleven Cities Tour\"   _   .", "What would be the best title of the passage?"], "article": "The weather across much of Europe and sections of Asia has been very cold since last week. Hundreds of people have died from the cold. It has also been a source of fun for winter sports enthusiasts and has raised doubts about global warming. \nEuropeans were digging themselves out of heavy snow after a week-long cold snap  in which the number of dead--most of them homeless--continued to rise by the day. The big freeze has caused traffic mess from Siberia to Rome, blocking roads, closing schools, shutting airports, and trapping thousands in remote mountain villages in Europe. Temperatures have fallen as low as 36 degrees below zero in Ukraine, the hardest-hit country. Serbia on Sunday declared an emergency situation, saying the extremely big snowfall has put normal life at risk.  \nBut the deep freeze has also offered opportunities for snowy fun. In Sarajevo, young people snowboarded down white streets. Others competed with videos on YouTube to show the craziest jump into the snow from second floor apartments--most of them wearing only bathing suits. In the Netherlands, Europe's deep freeze means the country's almost imaginary \"Eleven Cities Tour\" ice skating marathon could be staged later this month for the first time in 15 years. The race is expected to draw thousands of participants and more than a million viewers.  \nThe cold snap has also caused people to doubt global warming claims--if the Earth is getting warmer, why have recent winters been colder?\nZhang Peiqun, assistant chief engineer of the National Climate Center, explained in an interview with xinhuanet. com: \"Global warming refers to broad changes over a long time period, mainly in the past 100 years. It doesn't contradict with the phenomenon that some time in some places the temperature is lower than usual.\" He also added that it has been a long time debate whether the Earth is getting warmer or colder. \"No matter which opinion is correct, a bigger question faces us: how do we deal with the resulting extreme weathers?\" he said.", "id": "high17247.txt"}