{"answers": ["A", "B"], "options": [["studies", "health", "confidence", "communication"], ["Each school in that area has to open longer or work at weekends.", "Parents who can't pick up their children on time support the action.", "According to Gove, the teachers there agree to longer school days.", "The new plan will undoubtedly help poorer pupils catch up with others."]], "questions": ["The successful example given by Mr. Gove suggests that having children in school for longer, can improve their  _  .", "According to the passage, which of the following is true?"], "article": "The Tories would allow children to go to school for ten hours a day and on Saturday mornings to improve the performance of poorer pupils and help working parents. Schools spokesman Michael Gove declared plans yesterday to give disadvantaged children more classroom time to help them catch up. Longer school days could also be popular with parents who struggle to fit 3pm school finishing times around work, he said. \nMr. Gove gave out the success of a U.S. plan where teenagers from poor backgrounds attend school from 7.30 am to 5pm. \"I believe that having children in school for longer, particularly if they come from disadvantaged backgrounds can help them to achieve more in academy, \" he told the annual conference of the Association of Teachers and Lecturers in Manchester. He pointed out that it was up to schools alone to decide whether to open longer, or at weekends. But he was greeted with laughter from delegates  when he said the plan would really work only with the active support of teachers. \nATL general secretary, Dr Mary Bousted, said, \"The last thing we need to be doing at the present time is increasing teachers' working hours. Teachers already work the most unpaid overtime of any public sector profession. If we want Saturday schools then we need more teachers doing the extra hours, not the same teachers working longer and becoming tired.\"\nMeanwhile Mr Gove's idea is likely to alarm those concerned about the erosion( )of family time. Margaret Morrissey, founder of the lobby group Parents Outloud, said, \"What we should be doing is supporting these children within the school week.\"", "id": "high17243.txt"}