{"answers": ["D", "B", "C", "A"], "options": [["is a kind of African music", "started from Africa but is popular in America", "was started by blacks working in Africa", "was started by blacks in America"], ["almost the same as classical music", "quite different from classical music", "popular only in America", "quite different from Africa music"], ["sad and sorry", "tiring and hard working", "exciting and happy", "lonely and sad"], ["American blacks", "slavery in the United States", "modern times", "quick development of music"]], "questions": ["From the passage,we can see that jazz  _  .", "Jazz is a kind of music  _  .", "Usually we may feel   _   moods when we listen to jazz music.", "Jazz will always be connected with  _  ."], "article": "Music comes in many forms;most countries have a style of their own. Poland has its folks. Hungary has its czardas. Argentina is famous for the tango. The U.S.A.is known for jazz,the type of music that has gained worldwide popularity.\nJazz is an American contribution to popular music. While classical music follows formal European tradition,jazz is rather a free form. It is full of energy,expressing the moods,interests,and emotions of the people. It is breaking and exciting with a modern sound. In the 1920s jazz sounded like America. And so it does today.\nThe origins of the music are as interesting as the music itself. Jazz was invented by American Negroes,or blacks,as they are called today,who were brought to the southern states as slaves. They were sold to farm owners and forced to work long hours in the cotton and tobacco fields. This work was hard and life was short. When a Negro died his friends and  s would gather and carry the body to have a ceremony before they buried him.\nThere was always a band with them. On the way to the ceremony the band played slowly,solemn music suitable for the situation. But on the way home the mood changed. Spirits lifted. Everyone was happy. Death had removed one of their members,but the living were glad to be alive. The band played happy music. This music made everyone want to dance. It was an early form of jazz.\nMusic has always been important in Negro life. The black,who were brought to American from West Africa,had a rich musical tradition. In the fields,they made up work songs. Singing made the hard work go faster. And when they got to Christianity,they made lovely spirituals,which have become an everlasting part of American music.", "id": "high17252.txt"}