{"answers": ["D", "C", "D"], "options": [[".Cliques members have different characteristics and interests.", ".Once a cliques is formed its members are not changeable.", ".Cliques are more popular among boys and girls.", ".Chques help improve children's self-respect"], ["encourage children to study harder than before", ".protect children when they are in danger.", ".make children have a sense of belonging", ".make children desire to be successful"], [".The positive effect of cliques.", ".Why children want to join cliques.", ".When the children begin to form cliques.", ".What is the cliques and its effects on children."]], "questions": ["Which of the following statements about the cliques is TRUE?", "According to the passage, cliques can  _  .", "What is the main topic of this passage?"], "article": "Some children show preferences for friends at an early age. At 9 or 10,children become a were of differences, they begin to form cliques(,).At l0 0r 12 years of age ,as they are separate from  parents, identification with peers may become enlarged and cliques may form and change frequently. At  middle and high school the issue of belonging becomes even more extraordinary and outstanding.\n    Cliques are small, particular groups of friends who share common characteristics and common interests(music, dress, sports, etc.).Each member is either directly or indirectly connected to other members. Cliques usually refer to groups of girls; however boys are also involved in cliques. There are  usually hierarchies of cliques among teens ,from the populars to the losers,and there are often many  cliques in schools.\n    Normal adolescent development often circles around cliques - joining cliques, wanting  to join cliques, or being out of cliques. Cliques can have a strong positive effect on self-worth. They provide social occasions and help kids develop a sense of belonging  support and protection Cliques improve self-respect by making kids feel wanted ,and they enable the cliques member to develop a sense of identity and to deal with social events around themselves.\n    While, cliques can be opposed to other kids and other cliques. In some cases cliques members can become harmful to outsiders by putting them down using teasing, backstabbing, and even violence. Although girls are socialized to suppress physical displays of violence ,it can take the form of intimidating  behavior. Cliques can pollute individuality and prevent members from mixing with members of other groups. They usually require some degree of agreement in appearance, attitude, or behavior. They can drive away members for no apparent reason, and they can pressure kids into group activities in order to\nfit in , creating interpersonal cliques and violence.", "id": "high17278.txt"}