{"answers": ["C", "B", "A"], "options": [["common interests", "long-term contact", "mutual respect", "a great pleasure"], ["Telling them that you've received an invitation to another party.", "Telling them that you are busy at school and have to study.", "Inviting them to play outside school where they're strangers.", "Suggesting activities that they don't enjoy."], ["It mainly tells us how to treat friends", "It mainly introduces the importance of friends", "It mainly explains the lesson for shaking off friends", "It mainly gives advice on how to make new friends"]], "questions": ["We can base an unusual friendship on   _  .", "Which of the following can be a good way to refuse unwanted friends?", "What is the main idea of the passage?"], "article": "Making friends in the first few weeks of school is easy. Many students can find a friend in little time. They can be amazed at how close they can get to someone whose interests are completely different, and how comfortable they feel about expressing their mutual fondness.\nUnusual bonds  are one of the great pleasures of school life, and can lead to enriching relationships based on mutual respect. Mostly, though, by a couple of weeks into term, they are really embarrassing. And shaking off friends can be a lot harder than making them. School is all about being busy and trying new things, so you needn't feel too bad about ditching( ......) old friends in favor of new people and experiences. So long as you do it kindly.\nThe pace of school life can be a great excuse for turning down another invitation for a party. You can even claim to be studying---you're at school, and you're supposed to work hard. Another kind way of getting rid of an unwanted friend is to go on inviting them out, but to events where lots of other people will demand your time. Or you could suggest activities that you think they'd enjoy, but which you won't actually be able to make yourself. Then you could say \"I'm really  busy at the moment. I'll give you a call when I've finished this assignment\".\nBut wait. Hasn't someone just said that to you? How do you manage to stay such company that you're not the one being ditched?\nFor a start, concentrate on how interesting the other person is. Remember the things going on in their lives and text or ring to check how they got on with those things. Do sympathize  if things have gone badly, and congratulate them if things have gone well. Have a weekly time and place where you meet friends, so that you can invite new friends to drop in. There, the more cheerful you appear, the more popular you are likely to be.", "id": "high17300.txt"}