{"answers": ["B", "C", "B", "A"], "options": [["In a newspaper.", "On a webpage.", "In a magazine.", "In a textbook"], ["People from some English-speaking countries.", "People with volunteering experience.", "People who meet the standards.", "People with a knowledge of the Olympic history."], ["Two kinds of volunteers will be needed.", "Specialist volunteers do not have to attend training events.", "Applications will not be accepted until 20.", "Generalist volunteers will be fully trained."], ["Do some volunteering work locally.", "Apply to become a volunteer in the 2012 Olympics.", "Get trained in the Volunteer Program.", "Join in the Olympic Games."]], "questions": ["Where will you probably find this article?", "Who can apply to become a volunteer in the 2012 Olympics?", "Which of the following statements is WRONG?", "What can you do in July, 2011?"], "article": "BBC Sports program Sunday.\nWe are currently planning our Volunteer Program, which will ensure volunteers are trained and ready to go for 2012.Up to 70,000 volunteers will be needed to help put on the London 2012 Olympic and Paralympic Games. Our program will aim to encourage a wide range of people to join in. We will provide the training to make sure our volunteers' skills are of the highest standard. London 2012 is an opportunity to inspire everyone to develop their interests and volunteer--in sport and also more widely within their community.\nApplications will open in the late 2011.We'll recruit  volunteers from across the UK--from a range of communities and backgrounds. Our recruitment process will be open and fair. Our goal is to select applicants who meet our standards and who will bring passion, enthusiasm and energy to the Games. Previous volunteering experience is not necessary. We'll give each successful applicant a specific role, allowing them to contribute meaningfully to the Games. There will be two kinds of Games volunteer--specialist and generalist.\nSpecialist volunteers will have specific existing skills or qualifications that are needed for them to complete the role, for example, sport or medical training.\nGeneralist volunteers will not need any special skills or qualifications and will receive full training. They might be given roles in areas such as event services, uniform distribution   and village operations. All volunteers will be expected to attend training events that will give them the knowledge they need to carry out their role.\nThere are lots of charities and sporting organizations that are looking for volunteers to help them. While you are waiting for applications for the London 2012 volunteer program to open in the late 2011, why not consider getting involved locally? You can find opportunities to volunteer in a range of activities in your local area by following the links on the right hand side of this page or make local enquiries about the needs in your community.", "id": "high17305.txt"}