{"answers": ["C", "D", "B", "D"], "options": [["his grandson was a famous composer", "he stayed with his family all the time", "he began to study in college at age 19", "he majored in music in college"], ["a pilot", "a writer", "an instructor", "a fighter"], ["His family", "His teacher", "His publisher", "His brother"], ["It took Richard Bach a year to finish it.", "It tells about Richard Bach's childhood.", "It is about a pilot's experiences in flight.", "The idea for the book dates back to 1959."]], "questions": ["About Richard Bach, we know from the passage that  _  .", "Bach used to be all the following EXCEPT   _  .", "Who probably led Richard Bach to his writing career?", "What do we know about Jonathan Livingston Seagull?"], "article": "Born in 1936 in Oak Park, Illinois, the American Richard Bach is the direct descendant   of J.S. Bach, the famous composer. He attended Long Beach State College in 1955.\nAs an airplane pilot, Bach got married to his first wife and had six children, but divorced later and then left his family because he didn't believe in marriage. Everything concerning airplane was his field, including an aviation   technical writer and flight instructor.\nThough aviation was his true love, Bach always wanted to write. During his high school years, one of his teachers made him realize his potential. In 1959 he had this idea of a bird learning to pass beyond the walls of limitations--Jonathan Livingston Seagull. In almost all his books he used airplanes as a way to pass the message. In Running from Safety, Bach shares with us his childhood: at age 8, he lost one of his brothers: Bobby.\nIn 1970, Jonathan Livingston Seagull, a story about a seagull who flew for the sake of flying rather than merely to catch food, was published by Macmillan Publishers after the manuscript   was turned down by many other publishers. The book, which included unique photos of seagulls in flight, became a best-seller. In 1973, the book was turned into a movie. It's said that Bach charged the production with changing the movie without his permission. In fact, those who saw the movie noticed that his name wasn't mentioned.", "id": "high17321.txt"}