{"answers": ["D", "B", "A"], "options": [["makes the performance emotionally affected only", "contributes to memorizing various things", "may result in losing the next generation of great thinkers", "can be performed using digital tools"], ["the loss that we get with multitasking is harmless", "we mistakenly believe that we're doing better by switching between tasks", "doing multitasking does harm to us in every area", "for every task you add to your multitasking, you can finish your goal quicker"], ["the less you switch, the better you do", "it is more efficient to do things all in a mixed way", "it takes longer for us to become a great thinker", "we shouldn't be lazy if we want to accomplish many tasks"]], "questions": ["According to Dr. Nass, multitasking   _  .", "From the passage, we can tell   _  .", "The author mainly wants to tell us   _  ."], "article": "Welcome to the world of multitasking -- a place where the measure of a person is how many jobs they can perform at the same time. In fact, if experts are to be believed, multitasking is a disastrous idea.\nOne of the opponents of multitasking is Dr. Clifford Nass, a professor at Stanford University. \"People who multitask frequently are less able to pay attention; they're worse at managing their memory.\" he said. In his opinion, the loss that we get with multitasking is harmless in some situations, for example, part of doing business in the digital world: but you can't do serious work like writing, thinking or solving an important problem this way. You do worse even as you think you're doing better. All the time the research points to a simple fact: the brain cannot cope. When you stop midway through composing a report to check an email, you force your brain to stop and regroup. It is like pressing the pause button during a movie, meaning the film takes longer to watch.\nAnd as for Dr. Nass, the problems extend beyond the brain. Young people who frequently multitask are not as socially and emotionally healthy as those who don't. They just feel more emotionally satisfied and the feeling is so good and they are bound to desire it again. Todd Oppenheimer, a writer said \"We've become a very short-term society and don't reward people for taking a lot of time on something.\" He fears we may end up losing the next generation of great thinkers. \"It's really unfortunate because the long-term challenges of our world -- environmental issues, financial issues -- require people to think wisely about the long-term consequences of what they do. And it's no coincidence that the kind of people who do think long-term don't multitask.\"", "id": "high17347.txt"}