{"answers": ["D", "A", "D"], "options": [["spas are offered in the tourist attractions all over the country", "intensive courses of some organizations help people get away from home", "helping others at weekend makes people feel more stressful", "people may get close to nature in a national park"], ["Cabins.", "Trailers.", "Camping areas.", "Tents."], ["Away from Our Busy Work", "Good Ways to Relieve Stress", "Enjoy Life and Help Others", "Long Weekend Getaway"]], "questions": ["It can be learned from the text that  _  .", "Which of the following can be rented in a national park?", "The best title of the passage can be  _  ."], "article": "A long weekend is a great opportunity to do something a little different. Many people use a long weekend for a getaway, a short trip to leave the stress of their everyday lives behind and explore, learn, or relax.\nHotel Romance\nMany hotels and resorts feature something special to start the getaway, such as champagnes  , flowers, or a fruit basket in the room on arrival. Getaway packages usually include a room with something special, a heart shaped bed, for example. Additional benefits could be room service meals or other private dining, plus tickets or discounts for local attractions.\nVisit a Spa\nSpa getaways can take place at a location that focuses only on spa services or at a hotel that offers a spa as one of its features. Some spas emphasize treatments fit for their geographic area or a local attraction. A spa in a grape growing region might provide grape juice masks, or a hotel near a hot spring could offer mineral baths. Most spas offer a range of massage  ,  health and beauty treatments, so a spa getaway can be relaxing with other benefits.\nLearn a Skill\n A long weekend may not be enough time to become an expert at something new, but it provides a way for people to begin their explorations. Some organizations offer intensive courses that last two or three days. People with special interests can get away from their routines while learning such things as how to make beer, speak a new language, or take better photos.\n Help Others\n Some organizations cooperate with businesses to have accommodations and activities for short-term volunteers. Most volunteer vacations involve ecology friendly or charity activities. A volunteer getaway is a way to relieve stress and help others at the stone time.\n Stay in a National Park\n For those who want to relax in a rural environment, a national park fits the bill. Most national parks provide camping areas for tents and trailers. Several have cabins   within the parks available to rent.  A getaway to a national park provides privacy, stress relief, and the time to get to know some important natural resources.", "id": "high17343.txt"}