{"answers": ["B", "A", "C", "D"], "options": [["Steve Jobs is greater than Thomas Edison.", "Steve Jobs combined technology with art", "Steve Jobs' methods can't be absorbed by others", "another Steve Jobs will appear before long"], ["He is a person who has a mind of his own.", "He insists on working for his own company.", "He is good at giving people clues all the time.", "He focuses on nothing but his business."], ["its staff must be much cleverer than others'.", "it has been the focus of consumers worldwide.", "it was under Steve Jobs'   control", "it takes the advantages of its failures"], ["preferred products made with simple designs", "got his products designed ahead of his time.", "didn't like smart phones made by other manufacturers.", "didn't think smart phones with physical keys would be popular"]], "questions": ["The writer tends to think that   _  .", "Which of the following best describes Steve Jobs?", "Apple has obtained great success because  _  .", "According to the article, Steve Jobs  _  ."], "article": "On Wednesday evening in New York, Apple broke the news that Steve Jobs had died. Since then, praise and respect have poured over the world like rain. He changed industries, redefined business models, fused  technology and art. People are comparing him to Thomas Edison, Walt Disney and Leonardo da Vinci, and saying it will be a very long time before the world sees the likes of Steve Jobs again.\nAfter all, there are other brilliant marketers, designers and business people. Many of them have studied Steve Jobs, tried to absorb his methods and his philosophy. Surely they can recreate some of his success. But nobody ever does, even when they copy his moves down.\nSo how did he become a visionary who changed every business he touched? Actually, he has given us clues all along. The story of Steve Jobs boils down to this: Don't go with the flow. If Mr. Jobs saw something that could be made better, smarter or more beautiful, nothing else mattered.\nApple has attained its current astonishing levels of influence and success because it is sensitive. It is incredibly focused. It has had amazingly few failures. And that is because Mr. Jobs didn't buy into focus groups, groupthink or decision by a committee. At its core ,Apple existed to carry out his vision. He focused on every button and every corner .He lost sleep over the cardboard of the packaging and the color1 of the power cord.\nHe wanted to sell a smart phone that had no keyboard, when physical keys were what had made BlackBerry the most popular smart phone at the time. Eventually, of course, most people realized that he was just doing that Steve Jobs thing again: being ahead of his time.\nMr. Jobs is gone. Everyone who knew him feels that sorrow. But the ripple of that loss will widen in the days, weeks and years to come: to the people in the industries he changed.", "id": "high17340.txt"}