{"answers": ["C", "B", "A"], "options": [["image", "factory", "film", "camera"], ["they wanted to have the cameras cleaned", "they wanted their film developed", "they broke their cameras when taking pictures", "they wanted to have their pictures taken by a photographer"], ["the development of camera and photography", "the life of George Eastman", "how photographers aid scientists", "George Eastman invented the first camera"]], "questions": ["In 1884, George Eastman changed photography by inventing a new kind of   _  .", "Long ago, people sent their cameras to a factory because   _  .", "On the whole, this passage is about   _  ."], "article": "The invention of the camera goes far into the past. In the 1500s, men were experimenting with cameras that made images. But it was not until the early 1800s that man found a way to make the pictures permanent. Even then, photography was a new field. Most families had their pictures taken by a photographer. People did not own cameras because taking pictures and developing the film were too difficult.\nIn 1884, George Eastman changed photography by inventing a kind of film that fit into a small camera. Because the new film was easy to use, many people began to buy cameras. When they had used up their film, people returned their cameras to the factory. There, the film was developed, and pictures were printed. Then more film was put into the cameras, which was sent back to the owners, along with their pictures.\nEastman's camera made it easy to take pictures. Today's cameras are even easier to use, and people can put in their own film. Photography has become a growing hobby.\nThere are also many new jobs in the field of photography. One of the most important kinds of work is in news reporting. Newspapers, magazines, and television all need pictures to tell their stories. Photographers aid scientists by taking pictures through microscopes and telescopes. Deep-sea divers take pictures of ocean plants and animals, while astronauts take cameras into space. Man finds new uses for the cameras every day.", "id": "high17353.txt"}