{"answers": ["D", "C", "B", "A"], "options": [["buried about four thousand years ago", "cut after they flowered", "used to keep the dead body fresh", "finely preserved"], ["the Egyptians showed less interest in roses", "the competition in rose export became fierce", "the Romans could grow roses for themselves", "grain was in great demand in the world market"], ["modern techniques help the cultivation of roses", "air transport helps the rose trade worldwide", "roses grown in Ecuador are world-famous", "roses are sold more than any other flower"], ["Queen of flowers", "History of growing roses", "Big archeological discovery", "Rose trade around the world"]], "questions": ["The roses discovered at Hawara in 1888 were   _  .", "Grain replaced roses to become the number-one agricultural product of Egypt because   _  .", "With the example of roses from Ecuador, the author shows   _  .", "What would be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "The ancient Egyptians appeared to be among the first early civilizations to learn how to grow roses. In 1888, at Hawara in the El Faiyum area of Egypt, two-thousand-year-old roses were found in ancient tombs. The discovery suggested roses were an important part of the complex burial ceremony which took place when an important person died. The roses found in the tombs are thought by modern experts to be the oldest preserved flowers ever found in the world. They must have been cut and dried before flowering so that they would remain undamaged. Over the centuries, the roses had shrunk and became tight balls, but on careful examination it was discovered that the petals   themselves were hardly damaged. \nEgypt's skill in mass-cultivation of roses in early times led to the flowers becoming an important export product. At the height of the Roman Empire, Egypt exported large quantities of roses to the Roman courts. Wealthy Romans loved the beautiful color1s and sweet smells of roses. So the Romans attempted to grow their own roses and they eventually mastered the art of mass cultivation. Egypt then decided to concentrate on growing grain instead of roses, so grain soon took over as the number-one agricultural product of Egypt. \nRoses were appreciated in other early civilizations too, including Greece and Persia. They are a decorative feature on coins, sculpture, and vases dating back thousands of years. There is also evidence that roses were highly valued by the Chinese who believed that the flowers could be used to help treat a wide range of illnesses, from toothache to skin and chest diseases. \nIn the modern world, the rose has not lost its popularity as the \"Queen of Flowers\" -- the name given to it by the Greek poetess Sappho. Even today more roses are sold than any other flower. Modern techniques have enabled people to create ever more beautiful roses. Transportation by air makes it possible to grow roses in countries with favorable climates and sell them within twenty-four hours in profitable markets all over the world. Tons of roses are transported this way every week. Roses from Ecuador, a country in northern South America, can be bought in Holland, even though that country itself has a huge rose-growing business.", "id": "high17363.txt"}