{"answers": ["D", "C", "D", "D"], "options": [["the principles of agriculture were once used in factories", "more farmers began to take up farming", "lots of small farms disappeared one by one", "almost all foods were organic in the past"], ["are cheaper than others", "are sold by the government", "do good to people's health", "are easy to buy in every store"], ["buy food in health food stores", "try to eat non-organic foods", "eat both organic and non-organic foods", "make a choice depending on our preference"], ["In a fashion magazines.", "In a guidebook to shopping.", "In a textbook about medicine.", "On a website about healthy eating."]], "questions": ["From the passage, we know that   _  .", "Many people like to eat organic foods probably because they think organic foods   _  .", "According to this passage, we'd better   _  .", "Where can we probably find this passage?"], "article": "Organic  foods are foods produced according to strict guidelines  set forth by the government. These guidelines state that organic foods must be produced without modern man-made processes  and materials, such as man-made pesticides  and chemical fertilizers .\n   For most of history, almost all foods were organic. However, during the 20th century, the principles  of the Industrial Revolution  were applied to agriculture. This led to the development of many man-made processes that were believed to improve farming techniques. In other words, small farms grew larger as the ideas that were used by factories and big business were put into action to grow more food.\n   Over time, the organic movement started to get back to the old, traditional methods of farming. Those in favor of organic foods believe that man-made chemicals and pesticides used in modern farming can be harmful to your health. They also believe that organic foods are more nutritious .\n   If you go to the store, you will notice that organic foods may be more expensive than non-organic foods. Are organic foods worth the extra cost? Some people believe they are. Despite the lack of scientific findings to support their thoughts, many people still prefer organic foods because they think they taste better, while others don't care much about that because they say they haven't found out the differences.\n   If you wonder whether you should choose an organic food instead of a non-organic one, the best thing you can do is to try it by yourself and see which you prefer. Although organic foods were once only available in health food stores, you can find them today at most stores.", "id": "high17360.txt"}