{"answers": ["B", "B", "D"], "options": [["A long history.", "Lighthouses.", "Friendly Indians.", "Fishing industry."], ["How the island got its name.", "The population of the island.", "The scenery of the island.", "When the island was discovered."], ["you can see a lot of hills in the eastern parts", "you can enjoy the sunshine on the beach on the northern side", "you can live in the fishermen's old houses in the hills", "you can see different kinds of lighthouses and learn about the history"]], "questions": ["What is Martha's Vineyard famous for?", "Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage?", "When you visit Martha's Vineyard,_."], "article": "Martha's Vineyard has long been considered a favorite quiet of the Northeast. The vineyard is rich in history, breathtaking beaches, and beautiful scenery. It is well known for its unique lighthouses - you'll enjoy the variety and the history of each lighthouse, among the most photographed structures on the Vineyard. When the former First Family, the Clintons, chose to vacation on the island several years ago, it became a more popular tourist attraction.\nMartha's Vineyard got its name from its discoverer, Bartholomew Gosnold, who gave it the name of his wife Martha and was in memory of the thick growth of wild trees on the land.\nThe island of Martha's Vineyard lies south of Cape Cod off the southeastern coast of Massachusetts,United States. It is nearly 20 miles long and runs from 2 to 10 miles in width. There are wide,hard beaches on the southern side. The north is hilly, but in the south and eastern parts there are wide areas of open land covered with wild flowers. \nThe island was discovered early in the 17th century. The Indians were quiet and friendly, and the new-comers fished for a living, making a lot of money from whaling  . With the decline   of whaling and sailing ships. Martha's Vineyard was almost forgotten until about 60 years ago when people began to buy the old houses of the whaling captains and the small building of the fishermen near the beaches. Now people go there year after year for their summer holidays.", "id": "high17370.txt"}