{"answers": ["A", "D", "B"], "options": [["Poems are an important part of our life.", "We can live without poems.", "It's a waste of time to read poems.", "Poems are becoming less and less important in modern society."], ["humans tend to separate from each other", "poems can keep people close", "we should focus on our inner feelings", "we can't be separated from each other"], ["We should always read poems with respect.", "We should only read poems that speak to us.", "We should point out the silly mistakes in poems.", "We should put other important things above poems."]], "questions": ["Which of the following describes the author's opinion on poems?", "By saying \"No man is an island\", John Donne really means   _  .", "What kind of attitude should we have towards poems?"], "article": "Poems are essential to human beings. We can't live without them. \nWe need poems, and the fact that we consider them not worth our time, is something that leaves us impoverished  . If we don't read poems we are denying ourselves something important. Poems can help us get in touch with our- selves.  \nIn one of those fragments   of poetry which many people know, John Donne wrote \" No man is an island\". He means we all live connected to one another.  But, at the same time, we all actually are islands, each occupying a consciousness different from everyone else.  How do we really know what someone else is thinking or feeling?  And, to turn it around, we should keep most of what we think and feel deep inside us, away from the scrutiny   of others. This is the province   of poetry, for it reveals what is inside a fellow human being's heart and mind. In some cases what they have to say will be important, maybe so important that it will alter your life or transform your sense of who you are and what you are capable of.  \nBut poems are not infallible  : sometimes they can seem silly or just plain wrong. We don't have to bow down in reverence   to a poem: if we don't like what the poet is saying or how he or she is saying it, there is no reason to hide our own feelings.  If a poem doesn't seem to speak to you or me -- and we have made a serious attempt to listen -- then we are surely justified in deciding you have better things to do than to read that poem again.", "id": "high17374.txt"}