{"answers": ["D", "C"], "options": [["look like big cats.", "are similar to foxes in size.", "give people a sense of weakness.", "are good at digging holes in the ground."], ["Wombats Discovering Their Home in Australia.", "Volunteers and Scientists Saving Wombats.", "Australia's Wombats Struggling to Survive.", "Northern Hairy-Nosed Wombat Remaining Alive."]], "questions": ["According to the passage, wombats  _  .", "What would be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "The wombat  is in trouble. Some are dying in bushfires, or being shot by farmers. Others are scratching themselves to death because of a mite  infection. Only 115 of one species - the northern hairy-nosed wombat - remain alive in the wild. \nWombats are endemic to Australia. They are found nowhere else. A wombat looks like an overgrown, stocky guinea pig, covered with thick grey fur and with a wide, flat, broad forehead. Fully-grown adults are about a meter long and about half a meter tall. They weigh about 40kg. \nBut while their looks are pretty straightforward, people throughout history have found it less easy to understand their behavior. The Aborigines  seem to have mixed feelings about them, According to one story, the wombat once said he was more powerful than the sun. After a competition, however, the wombat lost, and so today hides from shame, deep down in a hole. But another Aboriginal story tells of how wise the wombat can be. He comforts the other animals in the forest, after their friend, a cockatoo, has died, explaining to them all about forest spirits.\nWombats are strong diggers, with very powerful front legs and sharp claws, usually used to dig winding holes in the ground for their homes. Yet despite their strong appearance, these animals are struggling to survive. \nMany have been suffering a lot from a foreign mite, from foreign foxes, introduced for hunting by the early English settlers of Australia. Because of scratching, scars form over the wombats' eyes and ears, and infections occur, finally causing their death. Its population is so small that the group is becoming inbred . Competition with cattle and sheep for grass to eat, drought, bushfires, as well as dingo and feral dog attacks have all whittled away wombat numbers.  \nBut fortunately, a group of committed volunteers and scientists, working with the local government, has now put up fences to protect the wombats from meat-eating animals, made holes for extra shelter, and is working with zoos to create developing programs. These conservationists are well aware they have little time left.", "id": "high17396.txt"}