{"answers": ["C", "D", "B"], "options": [["Sometimes the boy handed his gift to his teacher directly.", "Some classmates of the boy's noticed him put his gift on the corner of her desk.", "The boy was too shy to give his gift to his teacher.", "The teacher knew the boy was her secret admirer."], ["He bought the flowers from a flower shop.", "He planted the flowers by himself.", "His mother got the flowers for him.", "He gathered the flowers in the field."], ["She asked for leave to get married.", "She got ill because of the flowers.", "She gave the flowers to the boy's mother.", "She was punished by the headmaster for patting the boy."]], "questions": ["Which of the following is true?", "How did the boy get the flowers to Miss Benson?", "What might have happened to Miss Benson?"], "article": "Miss Benson was the kindest and sweetest person that ever walked the earth. She was my second-grade teacher, and I was going to marry her when I grew up. I would sit in my seat for the entire morning. I wouldn't miss one moment for her presence by leaving the room.\nMy hand was always the first to be raised when Miss Benson called for volunteers to clean the blackboards or gather papers. I would arrange and rearrange the papers. They had to be in perfect order before I went back to my seat unwillingly.\nEarly in the term, I started asking my mother to put an extra apple or peach in my lunch, but I never quite worked up the courage to hand my gift to her directly. Each day the delicacy  found its way unobserved to the corner of her desk. And each day the response was the same.\n ''Why, how nice! '' She would pick up the offering and asked: ''What thoughtful little boy or girl brought me this? ''\nNo one claimed the honor, least of all me. I kept my head down, looking at my desk.\n''Can it be that I have a secret admirer? '' she added.\nI would feel the red rising in my face. I was certain that everyone was looking at me, and I would sigh with relief when Miss Benson put the fruit away and started the lesson.\nFriday was Miss Benson's birthday. Everyone wanted to get her a present. I would give her something, openly. That afternoon was spent combing the fields for wild flowers. Not many were in bloom at that time of year, but finally I managed a patch of beautiful flowers...\nIn the morning I went to the desk and gave the beautiful flowers to Miss Benson. She accepted them happily and held them to her cheek for a moment. My reward was a smile and a pat on the head.\nThe next Monday, Miss Benson was not in class. About the middle of the morning, I was asked to go to the headmaster's office. When I arrived, I was surprised to see my mother. On a table were my beautiful flowers...  \nIn the end I was told that the flowers were poisonous.", "id": "high17391.txt"}