{"answers": ["C", "D", "D"], "options": [["By answering the questions perfectly.", "By competing with others.", "By working hard.", "Through television show."], ["she was too old for the job", "her television show was not so successful", "she felt too tired and needed a rest", "she wanted to try something new"], ["A novel", "A diary", "A thriller", "A speech"]], "questions": ["How did she manage to make her television show to the top and stay there for 25 years?", "The reason why she decided to end the television show and break new ground was that   _  .", "What kind of article does the passage belong to?"], "article": "My friends, as you know, my television career began unexpectedly. I was 16 years old in Nashville, Tennessee and I was in the Miss Fire Prevention contest. They had the requirement of having to have red hair in the final part until the year I entered the final. And to my joy the swimsuit competition was also cancelled. That year they were doing the question and answer period.\n ''Why, young lady, what would you like to be when you grow up? '' And by the time they got to me all the good answers were gone. I had seen Barbara Walters on the Today Show that morning so I answered: '' I would like to be a journalist. I would like to tell other people's stories in a way that makes a difference in their lives and the world. '' And as these words were coming out of my mouth, I went whoa! This is pretty good! I would like to be a journalist. I want to make a difference. Well I was on television by the time I was 19 years old.\nAnd in 1986 I launched my own television show with the determination to succeed at first. I was nervous about the competition and then I had no competitor but I still pushed myself as hard as I before. Eventually we did make it to the top and we stayed there for 25years.\nThe Oprah Winfrey Show was number one for 21 years and I have to tell you I became pretty comfortable with that level of success. But a few years ago I decided that it was time to break new ground. So I ended the show and launched OWN, the Oprah Winfrey Network. But only one year later after launching OWN nearly every media said that my new attempt was a failure. Not just a failure but a big failure they called it. I can still remember the day I opened up USA Today and read the headline ''Oprah, not quite standing on her OWN. '' I mean really, USA Today? Now that's the nice newspaper! This time last year was really the worst period in my professional life.", "id": "high17392.txt"}