{"answers": ["C", "D"], "options": [["Our genetic makeup.", "Resources on the earth.", "The adaptive ability of humans.", "By-products in space exploration."], ["Space exploration has created many wonders.", "Space exploration provided the best value for money.", "Space exploration can benefit science and technology.", "The Exploration may help us avoid potential problems on Earth."]], "questions": ["What makes it possible for humans to live on other planets?", "What does the writer want to tell us in the passage?"], "article": "Why should mankind explore space? Why should money, time and effort be spent exploring and researching something with so few obvious benefits? Why should resources be spent on space rather than on conditions and people on Earth? These are questions that, understandably, are very often asked.\nPerhaps the best answer lies in our genetic makeup   as human beings. What drove our ancestors to move from the trees into the plains, and on into all possible areas and environments? The wider the spread of a species, the better its chance of survival. Perhaps the best reason for exploring space is this genetic tendency to expand wherever possible.\nNearly every successful civilization  has explored, because by doing so, any dangers in surrounding areas can be identified and prepared for. Without knowledge, we may be completely destroyed by the danger. With knowledge, we can lessen its effects.\nExploration also allows minerals and other potential   resources to be found. Even if we have no immediate need of them, they will perhaps be useful later. Resources may be more than physical possessions . Knowledge or techniques have been gained through exploration. The techniques may have medical applications which can improve the length or quality of our lives. We have already benefited from other spin-offs including improvements in earthquake prediction, in satellites for weather forecasting and in communications systems. Even non-stick pans and mirrored sunglasses are by-products   of technological developments in the space industry!\nWhile many resources are spent on what seems a small return, the exploration of space allows creative, brave and intelligent members of our species to focus on what may serve to save us. While space may hold many wonders and explanations of how the universe was formed or how it works, it also holds dangers. The danger exists, but knowledge can help human being to survive. Without the ability to reach out across space, the chance to save ourselves might not exist.\nWhile Earth is the only planet known to support life, surely the adaptive  ability of humans would allow us to live on other planets. It is true that the lifestyle would be different, but human life and cultures have adapted in the past and surely could in the future.", "id": "high174.txt"}