{"answers": ["C", "A"], "options": [["Bread.", "Meat.", "Salad.", "Fish."], ["there are many differences between Chinese dishes and western ones", "Chinese dishes are more delicious than western ones", "western dishes are more expensive than Chinese ones", "fish heads are the most delicious dish in the world"]], "questions": ["According to western rules of eating, which of the following is NOT cut before it is eaten?", "It can be inferred from the passage that_."], "article": "During my first two months in China, I was like a girl in love. Everything I saw and did amazed me. I have journal entries that are pages long describing, in great detail, everything I ate. From the sauce to the kind of chopsticks  I used, nothing went unnoticed or unrecorded. Chinese people gape at me when they see me using chopsticks, just because I can.\nWestern eating is so different, not only in the use of cutlery , but also in the rules of eating, for which there are many. For example, everything is cut before it's eaten, except salad. Instead of eating around the bone, as we do here (I do it too, of course), people cut around the bones, which makes eating fish a difficult thing. Also, there is a certain way to eat soup, which involves pushing the spoon away from you, to make sure you don't get splashed, and never slurping or touching your teeth on the spoon. Before I came here, I thought table manners were very important. Now I think that they are silly, worrying and concentrating on changing the fork and knife every time you cut your food takes away from the enjoyment of food.\nEvery time I eat at a restaurant, I try something new. I am not afraid of trying anything and I will eat anything once. At first I would try a bite and not like it. This happened with fish heads, snake, anything spicy, and bitter melon, to name a few. Now I like all of these things.\nMy new favorite dish is spicy fish heads. There are vegetables whose names I don't know in English. I am proficient in Chinese food, and am also at least ten pounds heavier than when I first arrived. I never even like rice before I came here, and now I have it with every meal. I don't like cheese either, and Western food just doesn't taste as good as it once did. Even McDonald's is better here.", "id": "high17469.txt"}