{"answers": ["C", "D", "A"], "options": [["patients", "merchants", "trainers", "communicators"], ["To tell others that Brett has no arms or legs.", "To tell others that Brett is an inspirational speaker.", "To tell others that Brett has achieved tremendous things.", "To support his argument."], ["He has a severe stutter.", "He is now the Principal Youth Court Judge for New Zealand.", "He speaks in front of others regularly.", "His weakness is no longer a restriction to his life and career prospects."]], "questions": ["What kind of people who are in trouble are not mentioned in this passage?", "Why does the writer speak of Brett Eastburn?", "Which of the following about Andrew Becroft is NOT right according to the passage?"], "article": "Don't Allow Your Weaknesses to Limit You\nWe all have weaknesses and strengths-no matter who we are. Sometimes the weaknesses seem to outweigh the strengths and sometimes it's the other way around. Some people get sick easily. Some struggle to manage their finances properly. Some people are hopeless communicators and struggle with relationships.\nMany people leave it and accept it as just bad luck but not everyone. Some people are facing huge limit. Bret! Eastburn has no arms or legs and yet is an inspirational speaker and find still manage to achieve tremendous things. They rise above their weaknesses and do not allow limit their possibilities.\nI attended a school prize-giving ceremony not so long ago and the guest speaker was Andrew Becroft, who had a severe stutter as a child. Instead of allowing this to limit him, he chose to work hard to overcome it. He is now the Principal Youth Court Judge for New Zealand. Not only did he become successful, but he did so in a profession where he had to speak in front of others regularly where his weakness is front and center for all to see. If he hadn't worked on his speaking ability, it would have been very limiting to his life and career prospects.\nYou can find similar people on New Zealand News channels, and I suspect the same in other countries. There are a number of presenters and reporters who have a noticeably unusual manner of speaking. Perhaps they have a peculiar accent or pitch of voice. These people have succeeded in spite of what would appear to be a weakness in their profession.\nLots of people face far more significant limitations than you do. They may be missing limbs or are born into extreme poverty. But no matter what the limitation, you will always find people who have overcome it.", "id": "high17473.txt"}