{"answers": ["A", "A", "B"], "options": [["Introduce some new opinions about the relationship between trees and carbon dioxide.", "Introduce recent condition of global industrial pollution.", "Call on people to plant more trees to reduce greenhouse gases.", "Point out that power companies should be responsible for the rising levels of carbon dioxide."], ["To prove that trees may not be as helpful in reducing carbon dioxide as had been thought.", "To get more oxygen from these trees.", "To evaluate the maximum carbon dioxide the trees can absorb", "To see the growth rate of these trees."], ["They broke down and the main parts turned into oxygen.", "They broke down and the carbon content had mainly turned into carbon dioxide.", "They broke down and the carbon dioxide content was mainly absorbed in the soil.", "They absorbed more carbon dioxide."]], "questions": ["What is the purpose of this passage?", "Why did the researchers do the TWO studies?", "What happened to the leaves falling from the trees in the second study?"], "article": "Scientists have long believed one way to stop the Earth's atmosphere from warming is by planting more trees. The idea is that more trees take in or absorb some of the carbon dioxide in the atmosphere. Carbon dioxide is a gas released by cars, factories and other human activities. The gas traps heat in the Earth's atmosphere, which warms the planet. However, two new studies have found that trees may not be as helpful in reducing carbon dioxide as had been thought.\nThe first study was done at Duke University in prefix = st1 /Durham,North Carolina. Researchers pumped extra carbon dioxide into a test area where pine trees were growing. The trees grew thirty-four percent faster during the first three years. However, in time, the trees slowed to about their normal growth rate. The scientists say this is because trees need other nutrients, such as nitrogen.\nIn the second study, researchers from Duke and Bowdoin College in Brunswick,Maineexamined the soil around trees. They discovered that as the leaves broke down into the soil, all the carbon was not trapped in the soil. Much of it was released into the atmosphere as carbon dioxide.\nForest planting has been a part of negotiations on a world agreement to reduce greenhouse gases that scientists believe cause global warming. The United States,Canada,Japanand some other industrial countries have supported the idea. But this new research suggests the idea is not as effective as environmental activists had thought. Scientist Ram Oren of Duke University led the study on tree growth. He says that earlier estimates on the ability of forests to absorb carbon dioxide were overly hopeful.  \nSome scientists not involved in the studies say the research provides some of the first evidence on how trees react to carbon dioxide. Other scientists say the research disputes(......) a belief among some coal and power companies. The companies say that rising levels of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere will not create harmful global warming. Instead, they say _ will increase forests and other plants.", "id": "high17484.txt"}