{"answers": ["C", "D"], "options": [["Because it was rich in many different kinds of culture.", "Because people could get the highest pay there.", "Because its coal industry needed a large number of workers.", "Because people could buy holiday or retirement homes there."], ["Tourism, the main economic source of Wales.", "Wales, a land with a promising past and future.", "Wales, the biggest melting pot of Europe.", "Wales, a land with a population on the move."]], "questions": ["Why was South Wales so attractive to people in the early 20th century?", "What would be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "Settled by the Celts, invaded by the Romans and the Normans, and ruled by the English, Wales' population has regularly changed over the ages. Wales, particularly South Wales, became a melting pot of European nationalities and cultures. At first workers from England, Ireland and the rural areas of Wales rushed into the coalfields of South Wales. By 1911, workers from Ireland, Italy and Spain had joined the industrial workforce there. Many of these newcomers were prepared to work for less pay.\nBut during this period, workers, dissatisfied with regular pay cuts, poor safety, the growing trend of employers to pay workers with tokens  , which could only be spent in the company store, returned to the land. In 1891, the rural population of Wales was about 616,000 and by 1911 just over 649,000 people lived and worked in these areas.\nThe rural population continues to grow slowly even today. People from richer parts of the UK, particularly southern England, are buying holiday or retirement homes in Wales. In some areas this has led to a shortage of affordable housing for local people. This, combined with the lack of employment prospects in rural Welsh communities, has started a new movement of people in search of jobs and homes into the towns and cities of Wales and to other parts of the UK and Europe.\nAs so many Welsh people have migrated to other countries over the last 200 years, it's really no surprise that many visitors come to see friends and  s -- there were 229,000 visitors in 1998. These visitors strengthen their links to their land of origin and continue to support the Welsh economy. During the hot summer days, about 28% of the visitors visit the countryside and nearly 70% visit the seaside.", "id": "high17495.txt"}