{"answers": ["D", "C", "B", "D"], "options": [["To apologize to her", "To solve her problem", "To provide better service", "To charge for the fees"], ["By calling her manager", "By finding her apartment", "By leaving a message", "By contacting the bank"], ["The woman's husband passed away and left several children for her", "The woman had to pay the check as well as a fee for the returned check", "The author will help the woman overcome her difficulties by paying for her", "The check written by the woman had been returned because of the wrong number"], ["To solve a problem", "To present a research result", "To tell an interesting story", "To conclude a lesson"]], "questions": ["Why did the author try to call the woman?", "How did the author get in touch with the woman?", "What can we learn from the passage?", "What is the purpose of this text?"], "article": "One morning there was a massage on the answering machine from an angry customer, complaining about her lack of service----service that had been stopped because her check had bounced.  \nAs it is my job to handle payments received, it was my duty to collect the check. As is often the case when a check bounces, I soon found that this woman's phone number was no longer in service. A check of the caller L.D told us the call had come from the manager's office of the apartment building where our customer lived. We left a message with the manager and within the hour our call was returned.\nI told our customer gently, sympathetically that a check she had written had been returned for lack of funds. I told her I always want to let people know about returned checks quickly because the huge fees the bank charge can cause more checks to be returned and more fees to be charged. I told her I hope she could contact the bank and get things straightened out before her problem got worse. I also told her, gently once more, that I hated to add to her problem but she would owe us a fee because the bank charges us a fee when a check is returned.\n  She told me she had difficulties because of being on a fixed income and being in poor health. She told me she had no children but had raised several that belonged to her husband and after living with him thirty years he had left her for another woman.\n  Finally, after she had promised to pay, I told her not only do I care about her situation, but she taught me something. When a person is angry, there may be reasons you don't know about. If you don't react with anger, you may learn what the real problem is and may in some way be able to help, if only with a little sympathy.", "id": "high17492.txt"}