{"answers": ["D", "D", "A"], "options": [["body size", "different beauty standards", "culture difference", "attitudes toward life"], ["The author is a Samoan .", "The author succeeded in losing weight .", "The author probably got wounded in wars or accidents .", "The author has been troubled by her/his weight ."], ["They feel optimistic about future plans on weight control.", "They are indifferent to the regained weight .", "The feel angry about the regained weight .", "They think they should give up their future plans on weight control ."]], "questions": ["The passage tries to highlight the importance of_.", "What can be inferred about the author ?", "According to the author , what is the common view of those who have lost some weight first and gained it back later ?"], "article": "For many years, I was convinced that my suffering was due to my size . I believed that when the weight disappeared, it would take old wounds , hurts and rejections with it .\nMany weight-conscious people also mistakenly believe that changing our bodies will fix everything. Perhaps our worst mistake is believing that being thin equals being loved , being special , and being cherished . We fantasize about what it will be like when we reach the long-awaited goal .We work very hard to realize this dream . Then , at last , we find ourselves there . \nBut we often gain back what we have lost . Even so , we continue to believe that next time it will be different . Next time , we will keep it off . Next time , being thin will finally fulfill its promise of everlasting happiness , self-worth , and , of course , love .\nIt took me a long while to realize that there was something more for me to learn about beauty . Beauty standards vary with culture . In Samoa a woman is not considered attractive unless she weighs more than 200 pounds . More importantly , if it's happiness that we want , why not put our energy there rather than on the size of our body ? Why not look inside ? Many of us strive hard to change our body , but in vain . We have to find a way to live comfortably inside our body and make friends with and cherish ourselves . When we change our attitudes toward ourselves , the whole world changes .", "id": "high17498.txt"}