{"answers": ["B", "A", "D"], "options": [["They visit poor people", "They have a father and daughter date night", "They help those who are in trouble", "They have a dinner out"], ["Delighted", "Interested", "Encouraged", "Depressed"], ["Kindness on a Father-Daughter Date Night", "Smiling on a Father-daughter Date Night", "Friendship on a Father-Daughter Date Night", "Spreading Smiles on a Father-Daughter Date Night"]], "questions": ["What do Father and Rachel do at least once a month?", "How did Father feel when he heard the kindness activities his daughter did at school?", "What's the main idea of the passage?"], "article": "At least once a month one of my little kind kids and I try to have a father and daughter date night. Last night we were out for diner together after doing some fun things. We talked about some of her kind activities she did at school for their 100 Acts of Kindness challenge her class had. It was great to listen to the little things she and her classmates did to spread kindness. \nMany times on our date night we try to do an act of our own, as she is often my sidekick on our kindness adventures.\n       My later smile card is one about anonymously   buying a stranger's meal so I asked Rachel if we should find someone in the restaurant and buy their dinner. She loved the idea so we chose an older couple sitting behind us. I had a few Smile Cards on me (as always!) so we separately told our server our plan. He was new and wasn't sure how to do it but said he would go and find out.\n       When he dropped off the checks, she smiled at us and told us he would give them the Smile Cards and that the world needed more people like us. Rachel got the biggest smile on her face when he said that to her and I love that he helped remind her that kindness matters. My daughter normally likes to stay and watch the reactions of our kindness \"victims\" but we had to get going.\nWhen we got home she was so excited to tell her Mom about what we did. My wife told Rachel how nice that was and how it would spread many smiles with the server, his manager, the couple and anyone else they told about the experience. We love any ripple of kindness we can send out into the world and I'm sure we made the couple smile with that one last night!", "id": "high17491.txt"}