{"answers": ["A", "B", "A"], "options": [["a site of communication", "a weather station", "a factory to produce weapons", "a battle field to fight enemies from the outside"], ["has led to a new communications age", "is a major means of today's communication", "is a device invented with ideas from Marconi", "has replaced the radio in today's communication"], ["the future computers will be able to do the work TV is now doing", "the future computers will become available to everyone in the world", "the future computers will be connected to create one international network", "the future computers will take the place of televisions and radios"]], "questions": ["We can learn from the text that Signal Hill was once used as   _  .", "When the writer says that today it is the TV that rules, he means that the TV   _  .", "The writer believes that the day will come when   _  ."], "article": "In the late 1500s, a large powerful gun was placed on top of the Signal Hill, in prefix = st1 /Newfoundland, to prevent attacks from the outside. Flags were also flown there to warn sailors of bad weather. It's fitting, then, the Italian Gulielmo Marconi should have chosen this site   to receive the world's first radio signal -- in Morse code -- from England on December 12, 1901. \n    Marconi, combining earlier ideas with his own, led us to a new communications age. For the next 50 years, until the appearance of television, radio ruled the air waves.\n    Today, it's the TV that rules. No single person can say to have invented television.\n    In 1884, the German Paul Nipkow invented a device   that sent pictures mechanically  , and in 1906, Boris Rosing, a Russian, used a ray and a disc to create the world's first TV system. Then in the early 1920s, another Russian, Vladimir Zworykin,invented a picture display tube. He took out a patent   for color1 TV, even though it wouldn't be developed for another 25 years. \n    In 1924, a Scot entered the scene -- John Logie Baird. He first succeeded in sending a moving picture and a year later got the first actual TV picture. In 1926, Baird showed TV in aLondonlaboratory. Two years later inNew York, Felix the Cat became the first TV star.\nTV excited everyone's imagination, but hardly anyone had a set, with just two thousand in use worldwide in the mid-1930s. \nSince the late 1940s, TV technology has developed very quickly. Computers may finally be combined with all televisions to give people a total all-in-one communications network. \nToday, it's possible to sit and watch TV in the middle of a forest or in the Arctic. It's surprising when one considers that Marconi was on Signal Hill in the same century.", "id": "high17507.txt"}