{"answers": ["C", "B", "C", "A"], "options": [["Captain Nash saw twelve orange lights traveling at a fantastic rate of speed", "Captain Nash may have been the first to see lights in space", "according to an interesting theory, the orange lights are space animals", "the mysteries of nature can be fully explained"], ["glow brightly in the sky", "are invisible", "can be spotted from earth", "visit the earth's surface"], ["escape being discovered", "cause curiosity", "search for man-made energy", "make contact with man"], ["living beings are extremely adaptable", "life in space is impossible for man", "the fittest creatures always survive", "life cannot exist in the depth of the sea"]], "questions": ["The best statement of the main idea of this passage is that   _  .", "The theory says that during the daytime the space animals   _  .", "If the space animal theory is correct,the creatures go down to the lower regions in order to  _  .", "The space animal theory would seem to suggest that   _  ."], "article": "On the night of July 6, 1943, a plane took off from an Air Force base in England to intercept   German fighters over the English Channel. Piloting the plane was Captain Thomas Nash. Looking westward, Nash saw twelve orange lights in a row, moving at a fantastic rate of speed. An old experienced flyer, he had never seen anything like them. Thinking they might be a new German weapon, he decided to give chase. But when he swung the plane around and headed directly for the lights, they disappeared. \n    Captain Nash may have been the first to see such orange lights but he wasn't the last. His experience was repeated many times by pilots during World WarIIboth in Europe and the Far East. Pilots in the Korean War also reported seeing the strange lights. \n    What were they? No one knows for sure, but there is an interesting theory to account for them. According to this theory, the orange lights are space animals -- animals specially adapted to life in the upper atmosphere just as some creatures are adapted to life at the bottom of the sea.\n    These space animals, the theory says, live so far up in the atmosphere that they are not visible from earth. They feed partly on the air and partly on energy from sunlight. Being almost pure energy themselves, they can adjust their bodies to glow   at night. During the day they become invisible. \nBefore World War II, continues the theory, there was little radiated   energy available on the earth's surface. Then came the development of rockets, atomic reactors  , and hydroelectric plants  . The space creatures are attracted to these sources of energy of food. At night when there is no energy from sunlight, they go down into the lower levels in search of a meal. They may even drift into the range of human eyesight. This explains the fact that they have been sighted regularly from the earth since 1943.", "id": "high17506.txt"}