{"answers": ["D", "D", "A"], "options": [["tell more people the improvements in Ontario Parks", "attract more people to explore the parks on line", "praise the beauty of nature in Ontario Parks", "have more people visit the parks"], ["new programs and services", "new campsites and educational programs", "comfort stations and special activities", "new comfort stations and campsites"], ["some visitors suggested more campsites", "about 15,000 people visited 45 parks last season", "many more people will visit Ontario Parks in 2013", "the manager of Ontario Parks worries they will have fewer visitors"]], "questions": ["The writer's purpose in writing the text is to   _  .", "The facility improvements of Ontario Parks include  _  .", "According to the text, we can safely say that   _  ."], "article": "Welcome to Ontario Parks, a new body set up to manage Ontario's most treasured special places, the parks in our area.\n    We are entering a very exciting year for Ontario Parks. Last season we asked some 15,000 visitors in 45 parks how we could improve our programs and services. We also looked at the thousands of comment cards we received. As a result, new comfort stations have been added, the number of campsites has been increased, and we've made other facility improvements. In addition, we'll be providing more educational programs. This year, for example, more than 40 parks will offer special day and evening activities to excite your curiosity about nature and history.\n     Through the Internet, you'll be happy to know that you can now explore all 270 parks on line. Let your family plan your park vacation, study a map of canoe routes, listen to the call of a loon or find up-to-date information about programs, services and facilities.\n     So come and discover what Ontario Parks has to offer. Our parks are places to go with families and friends, for relaxation and fun, or simply to get away from it all. They are places where we can enrich our souls and \"recharge our internal batteries\". They provide chances to explore nature, see wildlife, swim, canoe, camp, hike, picnic, ride a bike... You'll enjoy some of the best outdoor experiences available anywhere in the world.\n     We urge you to make 2013 the year that you come out and have an Ontario Parks experience!", "id": "high17515.txt"}