{"answers": ["D", "D", "C"], "options": [["she was in despair after finding out about her son's heart disease.", "she was angry at God's unfairness to her son", "she was afraid that nobody would donate a heart to her son", "praying for a heart would be a cruel thing"], ["it was her son's wish", "she wanted to show she was kind and generous", "she wanted to see her son's eyes in someone else's face", "she wanted to help others as others had helped her son"], ["organ donation can greatly benefit people", "the world is full of hope", "an act of kindness can mean a lot", "a mother's love is priceless"]], "questions": ["The mother's anger and confusion was probably because   _  .", "The mother agreed to donate her son's eyes after his death mainly because  _  .", "The text mainly wants to tell us that   _  ."], "article": "Eight years ago, my 13-year-old son, Dustin, became very ill with a heart enlarged. For several months, he lived on life support as we were forced to stand by and watch him wither away. ks5u\n    While his friends were out playing baseball, and sleeping in their own beds, my son was in a hospital bed, attached to a machine that kept his heart beating. As a mother, my first reaction after crying was anger, and then I played the bargaining game: \"Take my life for his, Lord. I've lived my life but he still has so much to do.\" People all around me were praying for a heart to become available, but it made me so angry and confused because I knew for that to happen, someone else's child would have to die. How could anyone pray for that?\n    I still remember so clearly the morning we got the call that there was a heart. As we stood in Dustin's hospital room watching them prepare him for surgery, we experienced the true definition of bittersweet. His dad and I realized that at the precise moment we were standing there with so much hope and so much love, another family somewhere was saying goodbye. We knelt down together and cried, and we prayed for them and we thanked them for giving such a selfless gift. To our amazement, just 10 days later, Dustin got to come home for the first time in many months.  He had received a second chance at life. Over the next two years, he got to go to high school, learn to drive and put his brand new heart to good use volunteering at the homeless shelter and helping the elderly.\nDustin's new heart failed him when he was 16. A tragedy, yes, but we have to see it as the miracle it was. We received two precious years with him that we would never have had without organ donation. We have more pictures, more memories and a great satisfaction in knowing that he was able to experience some of the most exciting times and milestones in a teenager's life. When he died, difficult as it was for us, we knew that it would be Dustin's wish to give back. His eyes went to someone who wanted to see. Someone who, perhaps, had never seen the faces of the family he loved so dearly. I believe that one day I will look into the face of someone else's son or daughter, and I will see those sky blue eyes looking back at me -- the evidence of selfless giving.", "id": "high17548.txt"}