{"answers": ["B", "B"], "options": [["supporting each other in anything helps build a good relationship", "a white lie is necessary sometimes", "compromises are essential at any time", "your friends need to have the same backgrounds with you"], ["The Importance to Express Disagreements", "Keys to Making Relationships Work", "Different Opinions on Good Relationships", "Forbidden Rules in Building Good Relationships"]], "questions": ["To communicate well with people, you should know that  _  .", "What would be the best title for the text?"], "article": "Good relationships are definitely good sources of happiness in life. We all want happy relationships but if we do not keep that relationship alive, it can also be one of the most distraught things in life. There may be no hard and fast rules in making good relationships, as each of us has different preferences and points of view as to what is a great relationship. The following are some major key points in making relationships work.\nIt is often said that building good relationships is all about communication. Good communication indeed governs a good relationship -- knowing the right thing to say, when to say it, how to say it, and accepting that some things are better left unsaid. I personally think communication must be broadened because relationships involve more decisions to make. From study to work, from money to entertainment and even in things about yourself or about your friend that you do not know, communication is essential in these aspects of the relationships.\nOf course, being with someone is not saying that you totally agree with him all the time. You and your friend come from different family backgrounds, raised in different environments so there may be disagreements here and there. However, it is important in making relationships work to express disagreements without pushing the relationship to end. Again, good communication and learning to compromise   at times are necessary.\nAs the relationship lasts longer, you may also discover things about you and your friend that you may not have known before. Therefore, supporting each other on both your \"hidden selves\" can also make a good relationship.\nLove is an important aspect of building relationships and for me, I always believe that love needs open communication, respect, support and understanding each other in making relationships work.", "id": "high17544.txt"}