{"answers": ["A", "B", "D"], "options": [["imagining that you are better than others", "imagining you have a cottage.", "thinking how pretty you will be in the future.", "comparing yourself with millionaires."], ["the desires of a person can't be satisfied at all.", "ever-changing desires can never be satisfied.", "there isn't enough money to meet people's needs.", "the desires of a person are limited."], ["can be achieved with ease by earning more money.", "must belong to those who've passed many exams.", "can be gained by comparison.", "can be gained by controlling inner desires and adopting a proper attitude to life."]], "questions": ["If you think happiness lies in imagination, you will try to get it by  _  .", "The writer doesn't approve of the idea that happiness consists in the satisfaction of desires because   _  .", "Happiness, in the opinion of the author,   _  ."], "article": "It is an agreed fact that all creatures want happiness instead of pain and grief. However, what is happiness?\n  Some thinkers say \"Happiness doesn't lie in objects of enjoyments ; happiness or unhappiness lies in imagination\". To prove their belief, they give examples like the following one: A man has a two-storey house; on the right is a five-story building on the left a cottage. When he sees the right he feels unhappy and when he sees the left he feels happy. It is unreasonable to hold this point. It is unkind to regard one as happy by imagining that one is better than the other.\n  Some people ask others to do this and that and say, \"This way your desires would be satisfied. You would get the desired objects and become happy\". People holding this view regard happiness as satisfaction of desires. But  it isn't possible to satisfy one's desires because there are countless desires of countless people and material things are limited. New desires arise the moment the previous ones are satisfied. Therefore, desires, changing all the time, can never be satisfied.\n  Happiness in fact is a condition that must be prepared for, cultivated, and defended privately by each person. People who learn to control their inner experiences will be able to determine the quality of their lives, which means that any of us can reach happiness. Happiness lies in helping others. Happiness stands for forgiveness and justice. Happiness is the name of struggle and courage. Happiness may be found in the search for knowledge and the rule of wisdom. Happiness may be shared in service and duty. This life is a combination of joys and sorrows and honest efforts must be made to make this life a journey of happiness, love, peace and harmony.", "id": "high17554.txt"}