{"answers": ["D", "B", "C"], "options": [["he secretly got married", "he attracted the emperor", "he didn't serve in the army", "he helped young people get married secretly"], ["Many young people visited Valentine after his arresting.", "It was Valentine that decided not to allow any more marriages.", "Valentine was excited about helping youths to get married secretly.", "Valentine was arrested, and sentenced to death."], ["how Valentine died", "the Emperor of Rome", "the origin of Valentine's Day", "how Valentine's Day is celebrated"]], "questions": ["Valentine was put in prison because   _  .", "Which of the following statements is NOT true?", "The passage mainly tells us about   _  ."], "article": "My name is Valentine. I lived in Rome during the third century. That was long, long ago! At that time, Rome was ruled by an emperor named Claudius. I didn't like Emperor Claudius, and I wasn't the only one! A lot of people shared my feelings.\nClaudius wanted to have a big army. He expected men to volunteer to join. Many men just did not want to fight in wars. They did not want to leave their wives and families. As you might have guessed, not many men signed up. This made Claudius furious. So what happened? He had a crazy idea. He thought that if men were not married, they would not mind joining the army. So Claudius decided not to allow any more marriages. Young people thought his new law was cruel. I thought it was preposterous! I certainly wasn't going to support that law!\nDid I mention that I was a priest  ? One of my favourite activities was to marry couples. Even after Emperor Claudius passed his law, I kept  on  performing  marriage  ceremonies -- secretly, of course. It was really quite exciting. Imagine a small candlelit room with only the bride and groom and myself. We would whisper the words of the ceremony, listening all the while for the steps of soldiers. One night, we did hear footsteps. It was scary! Thank goodness the couple I was marrying escaped in time. I was caught. I was thrown in jail and told that my punishment was death.\nI tried to stay cheerful. And do you know what? Wonderful things happened. Many young people came to the jail to visit me. They threw flowers and notes up to my window. They wanted me to know that they, too, believed in love.\nOn the day I was to die, February 14, 269 A.D. I left my friend a little note thanking a girl, who helped me keep my spirits up, for her friendship and loyalty. I signed it, \"Love from your Valentine.\"", "id": "high17566.txt"}