{"answers": ["B", "A", "D", "B"], "options": [["just get a college education", "learn new skills", "just get a certificate", "earn grades"], ["does not cost much money", "is expensive", "requires a lot", "is free of charge"], ["the classes will help them feel better about themselves", "there are many courses they can choose from", "they can also go to church at the same time", "learning is something they are interested in doing"], ["college education is not important", "adult education is very popular", "other kinds of learning are more important than school learning", "continuing education classes teach the same courses that are taught in colleges"]], "questions": ["Nowadays, some adults go to continuing education classes to   _  .", "Attending continuing education classes   _  .", "Lots of people attend continuing education classes because   _  .", "We can infer from the passage that   _  ."], "article": "Ideas about education are changing in the United States. Education today is not just a high school diploma   or a college degree. Many adults are not interested in going to college. They are interested in other kinds of learning. For them, learning does not end with a diploma. Continuing education gives these adults the chance to increase their knowledge. It also gives them a chance to improve their old skills or to learn new ones. If they know more or learn more, then they can get a better job or earn more money.\n    There are usually a large number of classes to choose from. Some adults learn new skills. Some take classes for fun or because the class will be useful for them. Others take classes to improve their own lives because they want to feel better about themselves. And still others learn how to be good parents, or how to get along with other people.\nThere are many chances for adults to continue their learning. Almost any community college or public school system has a continuing education program. There are classes in schools, buildings, or churches. Most classes are in the evening, so working people can attend. The classes are usually small, and they are inexpensive. Thousands of people take continuing education classes each year. They receive no diploma and no grade for most of the classes they attend. For them, learning is something they do because they want to.", "id": "high17570.txt"}