{"answers": ["C", "D", "D"], "options": [["To show that he had expert friends in various fields.", "To express his excitement for having published his book.", "To express his thanks to those who have helped him with the hook.", "To show that so many well-known people have helped him recently."], ["Literature.", "Health.", "Law.", "Brain."], ["Because they loved him so much.", "Because they helped him most in writing.", "Because they often listened to him read his writing.", "Because they shared sufferings with him in his writing process."]], "questions": ["What is the author's main purpose of writing the passage?", "What is the author's book mainly about?", "Way does the author mention his family?"], "article": "I must first thank the writers and editors of Scienlljic American and Scientific American Mind for the excellent articles on which so much of this book is based; they arc acknowledged       in detail in the Sources.\nI am most grateful to he famous netunscicutists ( ) and experts who kindly gave their time to help re c son out what might be in the quite near future, and who have contributed much toneuroscience, especially R. Douglas Fields, Joseph l.cl)oux, Richard Davidson, Philip Kennedy, and Hank Greely, an expert on the legal, ethical, and social problems surrounding this brave new world of neuroscience.\nThe captivating   concept for this book came from the creative and hard working team at Jossey-Bass. who arc much appreciated. For the second time, I want to give heartfelt thanks to my editor Alan Rinzler and senior editorial assistant Nana Twumasi. who have contributed so much to the shaping and creation of this book; Carol Hartland, production talent; l3ev Miller, much more than a copyeditor;first-rate writer researcher l3rianna Smith; Paula Goldstein. who designed the book's inside; and all the marketing people who put my book in your hands: Jennifer Wenzel. Erin 13carn. P. J. Campbell, Karen Warner. At Scie,rifre American, Diane McGarvey and Lisa Pallatroni were responsible fur finding archived  material of so many years. Thank you.\nMy family, good friends, and fellow writers have once again listened to me struggle endlessly and talk wildly about the difficulties of writing about brain. Many thanks to you all, in particular to first readers Kelly A. Dakin (who corrected many of my errors and added valuable content). Ann Crew, Ferris Buck Kelley, Frank Urbanowski, and Andrea llurst (for sending this book my way) and the wonderfully productive and generous writing community of Sacramento.", "id": "high17584.txt"}