{"answers": ["B", "A", "C", "B", "D"], "options": [["the goddess of springtime and sunrise.", "The resurrection of Jesus.", "The return of the mild weather.", "The rising of the sun in a new spring."], ["The rising of the sun.", "The return of the spring.", "Easter.", "The egg."], ["The moon.", "The sun.", "new life.", "The egg."], ["Egg-rolling contests.", "Egg-boiling contests.", "Egg hunts.", "Egg-dyeing."], ["Easter is celebrated on the first Sunday of March.", "Easter is no longer a religious holiday in modern times.", "In Christian beliefs, the egg symbolizes the full moon on the day when Jesus rose from his tomb.", "Today Easter is mainly a family holiday and people have reunion dinners and walk outdoors to enjoy the spring."]], "questions": ["People observe Easter originally to celebrate_.", "Christians compare the resurrection of Jesus to_.", "It can be concluded that the core of the holiday's significance is_.", "Which of the following activities at Easter time is not mentioned in the passage?", "Which of the following statements is true according to the passage?"], "article": "Easter Eggs\nEaster falls officially on the Sunday following the first full moon after March 21. The name Easter itself derives from Europe, the Anglo-Saxon goddess of springtime and sunrise. Christians relate the rising of the sun to resurrection of Jesus, Son of God, and therefore Easter, like Easter, represents rebirth of the soul. \nIt is because of this association of the holiday with rebirth that the egg has long been its chief symbol. The egg was a symbol of spring and fertility (for the egg is the original germ from which all life proceeds) long before the Christian era. The ancient Persians, Greeks and Chinese exchanged eggs at their spring festivals. In Christian times the egg took on a new meaning, symbolizing Christ's tomb---a cold and hard casket from which new life finally broke forth in triumph. In modern times the egg is still the most important part of Easter customs. Egg-rolling contests, egg hunts and egg-dyeing are still very popular with Americans at Easter time. Today Easter is more a family day than a religious holiday. Relatives and friends get together for large Easter dinners. Many American and friends get together for large Easter dinners. Many American cities have Easter parades. People enjoy the return of the milder weather by walking outdoors to display their new spring clothes.", "id": "high17595.txt"}