{"answers": ["D", "C", "C", "B"], "options": [["was not happy because of his wealth and success", "wasn't popular with people of his neighbors", "would regret for what he had done", "found the secret of happiness at last"], ["Getting wealth means losing happiness.", "There should be a wise monk in the temple.", "It was difficult to find the temple in Nepal.", "People can learn what happiness is from the mirror."], ["On the way to seeking happiness, the man spent all his money", "Happiness is a choice that depends on ourselves.", "With a lot of money, the man lived a happy life.", "The man was very happy when he found the secret of happiness"], ["show the relationship between wealth and happiness", "tell us what is the real secret of happiness", "tell the story about a wealthy man", "introduce the process of a man's finding his happiness"]], "questions": ["According to the text, the man_.", "What can we infer from the text?", "Which of the following statements is not tree?", "The purpose of the author's writing the text is to_."], "article": "There once was a very wealthy man who had made great achievement. He had more money than he could ever spend, and he was admired and looked up to by his neighbors. Still,he knew that something was missing in his life. He wasn't happy. All his life he had been striving for happiness, but he had never been able to find it.\n    Then one day, he heard about a hidden temple in Nepal that had a special room that contained the secret of happiness. He immediately sold all that he owned and set out to find this hidden temple. After many years of searching and countless hardships he arrived there. He was tired and penniless, but he knew that none of that was important now because he had found the temple. He asked a wise, smiling monk if he could enter the special room. The monk agreed and showed him the stairs leading to the room. He climbed them with legs shaking with expectation and slowly opened the door. He stared into the room with sunlight streaming through the window and saw what he had come so far to find. There hanging on the wall was the secret of happiness. The man gazed at himself in the mirror and laughed.\n    It is time that we all realized that we were the secret of our own happiness. Happiness is a choice that we can make. Don't spend the rest of your life searching the world for happiness then. Just look in the mirror and laugh. Just let the happiness flow from your heart, mind, and soul until it fills your life and the lives of all those around you.", "id": "high17596.txt"}