{"answers": ["C", "B", "C"], "options": [["if you can't bear high temperature", "if you have some health problems", "even if you don't have health problems", "when the temperature is very low outside"], ["it is the most popular and effective exercise", "it makes people's muscle work better and forces out toxins", "it makes people get used to 100 degree Fahrenheit", "it prevents people from heart stroke and chronic diseases."], ["The Benefits of Doing Exercise", "The New Trend of Exercise -- Hot Yoga", "Safety Concerns Associated with Hot yoga", "The Advantages and Disadvantages of Hot Yoga"]], "questions": ["Have a physical checkup before taking the hot yoga class   _  .", "People take up hot yoga because   _  .", "What's the best title for the text?"], "article": "Hot yoga is not terribly different from regular yoga. You will do the same poses. However, the catch is that the temperature will be at least 100 degrees Fahrenheit and sometimes higher. The heat is what makes this type of yoga not for everyone. Regardless of your overall health, talk to your doctor before taking a hot yoga class and let your doctor know that you plan to take one.\nDue to a condition that is greatly worsened by temperature extremes, I'm an example of someone who can't do this form of exercise. I can do regular yoga, but the 100 degree Fahrenheit would be severely uncomfortable and possibly dangerous to me.\nThe climate is said to help with muscle flexibility and you will sweat like there is no tomorrow -- which is believed to force out more toxins .It is important to keep in mind that even if you are in good health, the high temperature can take some getting used to. You may want to start a shorter class and work your way up.\nYou will be sweating greatly in hot yoga temperature. Drink plenty of water before, during and after your class. It is also important to pay attention to your body. If you are feeling very tired, it is time to sit down and get some water. You should also remove yourself from the hot environment, but not into a very cold environment. For example, just go into hallway -- a place that has a normal temperature and start to drink some water.\nThings like heat stroke are possible with this type of yoga. These issues are most often seen in those over 60 years of age, but younger people with chronic health problems are also at risk. Anyone can fall victim to heat stroke. Children are also especially vulnerable to heat stroke, so leave the kids at home while you attend your yoga class.\nIf you ever start to feel had during class, immediately stop and tell your instructor so that he or she can offer you help. Don't try to finish the class.", "id": "high17590.txt"}