{"answers": ["A", "B", "D", "C"], "options": [["Shark fin stands for honor and respect in China", "Shark fin is rich in a variety of nutrition", "The living standard of Chinese is much better than before.", "Shark fin can make people live longer."], [".Interviewing on the spot.", "Phone questionnaire.", "Filling the forms.", "Talk show."], ["Shanghai", "Shenzhen", "Fuzhou", "Beijing"], ["the opinions divided on consuming shark fin", "Chinese people' taste of shark fin", "the appeal to hotels and restaurants for stopping serving shark fin", "the world's biggest importer and consumer of shark fin"]], "questions": ["Why do Chinese people are fond of eating shark fin?", "In which way was the survey carried out?", "According to the text, which city did the best this year?", "The author wants to tell us_."], "article": "About 6 percent of luxury hotels in three major Chinese cities have stopped serving shark fin ,a survey has found. Although the controversial dish remains on the menu at most hotels, Green Beagle Environment Institute, a Beijing-based non-government organization that was the main sponsor of the survey, said the results are encouraging and reflect increased awareness.\nThe survey was carried out in Beijing, Shenzhen and Fuzhou, which were selected as representative cities to collect basic data on shark fin consumption nationwide. In Beijing, 132 hotels completed the phone questionnaire between Nov. 20 and Dec. 12. Only 12 hotels, 9 percent, said they do not serve shark fin. A similar survey of 131 Beijing hotels conducted a year ago found only one hotel that did not serve shark fin, Wang Xue, chief coordinator of the survey, said on Saturday.In Shenzhen, four out of the 85 four and five star hotels surveyed had stopped serving shark fin, accounting for about 5 percent. In Fuzhou, only one of the 40 hotels surveyed did not serve shark fin. On average, about 6. 61 percent of the hotels in the three cities did not serve the food.\n\"The survey reminded us there is still a long way to go to remove shark fins from Chinese hotels and restaurants, but the improved situation in Beijing is encouraging,\" said Wang. \"We found more hotels and restaurants were willing to take action over the past year.\" International hotels are more active in the \"shark-fin-free\" project, she noted. China is the world's biggest importer and consumer of shark fin, which has been used in luxurious Chinese dishes for 500 years. Dishes made from shark fin are still regarded as a symbol of honor and respect,especially at business dinners, according to Wang.\nResearch has also found that shark fin contains poisonous elements, but the nutritious value is less than that of chicken or pork. \"We hope hotels and restaurants remove shark fin products from their menus,\" Wang added.", "id": "high17599.txt"}