{"answers": ["D", "B", "B", "A"], "options": [["Because dinosaurs are forbidden to be brought back to life.", "Because it is impossible for scientists to bring back extinct huge animals.", "Because scientists are not interested in bringing back dinosaurs.", "Because it is impossible to find DNA of dinosaurs in fossils."], ["scientists are only able to bring back small species", "scientists are likely to bring back recently extinct species", "scientists have managed to bring back Ice Age species", "animals can live very well after being brought back to life"], ["That scientists cannot make up for the mistakes that they made in the past.", "That traditional conservation might be of no use by bringing species back.", "That scientists could lack the ability to bring back extinct species to life.", "That species that will be brought back to life will not survive long."], ["Supportive.", "Indifferent.", "Disapproving.", "Worried."]], "questions": ["Why is the plot of Jurassic Park not going to become a reality?", "The Pyrenean ibex was mentioned to show that   _  .", "What makes environmentalists worried according to the passage?", "What is the probable attitude of Stewart Brand toward bringing extinct species back to life?"], "article": "Each year, about 10,000 to 100,000 animal species die off. They join the countless species that have gone extinct   over the course of Earth's history - and extinction means forever. At least it used to. Scientists are now closing in on the ability to bring back extinct species. No, this doesn't mean the plot of Jurassic Park is going to become a reality. Researchers need DNA to bring back a species. DNA is the chemical that carries the structure for a living thing. Dinosaurs have been gone too long for any of their DNA to remain in fossils.\nBut there's a very real chance that we will be able to bring back more recently extinct species. This could even include Ice Age animals like the woolly mammoth. In 2003, a team of Spanish and French scientists re-created the Pyrenean ibex, which had gone extinct three years earlier. The new animal didn't survive long, but scientific advances should improve the success rate. In January, Australian scientists announced that they were on their way to bringing back the gastric brooding frog.\nThat we can bring species back doesn't mean that we should. There may be benefits to reviving a species. But there's no way to know how it will turn out. For example, would a passenger pigeon fit into its old habitat? Or might it crowd out existing species?\nEnvironmentalists worry that our ability to bring species back might cut down support for the hard work of traditional conservation. Why worry about preserving a wildlife habitat or fighting poachers if we know we can just make up for our mistakes?\nBut those extinctions are our mistakes to correct, which may give us an obligation   to do so. As businessman and environmentalist Stewart Brand recently said, \"Humans have made a huge hole in nature. We have the ability now to repair some of that damage.\"\nWe would do well to remember the lesson of Jurassic Park: Proceed with caution.", "id": "high17614.txt"}