{"answers": ["C", "B", "B", "C", "D"], "options": [["who live in the city of Chicago", "who are free in the evening", "who want to take some special courses", "who like to learn something new"], ["Understanding Computers", "Basic Photography", "Stop Smoking", "Typing"], ["on Saturdays and Sundays", "from Monday to Friday", "from Monday to Saturday", "on Tuesdays and Thursdays"], ["Marianne Adams has had many photographs printed in a magazine", "Joseph Saimders has worked in New Urban University for 12 years", "Dr John Goode's method of stopping smoking is very successful", "there are eight different skill levels for business education teachers"], ["know that oil painting is not so easy to learn", "master some basic oil painting techniques beforehand", "contact the teacher Ralf Erission for your enrollment", "have free time in the afternoon of every Thursday in January"]], "questions": ["All the courses listed above are offered to the people   _  .", "Of all the courses mentioned in the text, the shortest one is   _  .", "There are typing courses  _  .", "From the text we can infer   _  .", "If you want to take the oil painting course, you should  _  ."], "article": "Register in person, by phone 264-8833, or by mail. Use form given. \n178 IN Winchester St., Chicago \nBasic Photography This is an eight-hour course for beginners who want to learn how to use a 35mm camera. The teacher will cover such areas as kinds of film, light and lenses  . Bring your own 35mm camera to class. Course charge: $50.Jan. 10,12,17,19, Tues & Thurs. 6:00-8:00 pm. Marianne Adams is a professional photographer whose photographs appear in many magazines.\nUnderstanding Computers This twelve-hour course is for people who do not know much about computers, but need to learn about them. You will learn what computers are, what they can and can't do, and how to use them. Course charge: $75. Equipment charge: $10. Jan.14, 21, 28, Sats. 7:00-10:30pm. Joseph Saimders is Professor of Computer Science at New Urban University. He has over twelve years of experience in the computer field.\nStop Smoking Do you want to stop smoking? Have you already tried to stop and failed? Now it's the time to stop smoking using the latest methods. You can stop smoking, and this twelve-hour course will help you do it. Course charge: $30. Jan. 4, 11, 18, 25, Wedns. 4:00-7:00pm. Dr John Goode is a practicing psychologist who has helped hundreds of people stop smoking.\nTyping This course on week-days is for those who want to learn to type, as well as those who want to improve their typing. You are tested in the first class and practice at one of eight different skill levels. This allows you to learn at your own speed. Each program lasts 20 hours. Bring your own paper. Course charge: $125. Material charge: $25. Two hours each evening for two weeks. New classes begin every two weeks. This course is taught by a number of business education teachers who have successfully taught typing courses before.\nOil painting Oil paint is easy to use once you learn the basics. When you enroll at this oil painting course, you will learn to draw and learn to paint using many oil painting techniques under complete guidance and instruction. Together with the teacher's knowledge and your passion-we'll unlock your creativity and develop your potential! Course charge: $35. Jan. 5, 12, 19, 26, Thurs. 2:00-5:00 pm. Ralf Ericssion has taught beginners to masters and he has learned that everything builds on just a few basic concepts that he will show you here.\nSinging This course shows you how to deliver an accomplished vocal performance on stage and in the studio. Develop your vocal talents with professional warm-up routines and learn vocal techniques to gain confidence in your performance. You'll learn to perform classic songs before exploring your own songwriting ideas with a tutor. And finally you'll get the chance to record in a professional studio. Singing tuition may be in groups or one-to-one. We have Choral singing, Gospel singing, Folk singing and many other styles of song. All styles are welcome and no previous experience is required. Please read on for course contents and reviews from our students. Course charge: $90. Jan. 10, 12, 17, 19, Tues. & Thurs. 5:30-8:30pm. Peter Syrus is a Grammy award winning tutor.", "id": "high17625.txt"}