{"answers": ["A", "C", "A", "D"], "options": [["Parents should pay attention to the small things about their kids.", "Parents should treat children as people, not machines.", "Parents should find faults with children.", "Fix your eyes on children's advantages."], ["Because fault-finding will teach children material things are more important.", "Because children may imitate their parents.", "It will reduce their self-esteem and motivation.", "Because fault-finding methods can apply to their lives."], ["if the parents can find bad things about their children they can probably find good things too", "focusing on details has nothing to do with children's growing up", "details of children are like those of devils and saints.", "details are no longer details when there are saints"], ["Children at the same age are all the same in many aspects.", "Parents should focus on those unmotivated children with low self-esteem.", "Parents should try their best to correct their children' faults.", "Parents should pay more attention to children's good deeds."]], "questions": ["What does the passage mainly talk about?", "Why is fault-finding bad for children?", "By saying \"If the devil is in the details, perhaps the saints are also\", the author means  _  .", "Which of the following is the author's opinion?"], "article": "When raising children, the small things make big differences in development . Because children are people, not machines, different children need different things, and buying band name clothing and having the perfect haircut or the biggest collection of expensive toys are not the kind of attention that they need. These kinds of things will make children feel rejected and teach them that material things and appearance are more important than love.\n     Children need the attention from their parents. The areas of their lives and the abilities that get the most attention will develop the most. If the majority of parental attention is given to the way they stand or to finishing tasks, these areas will become more developed. When parents focus on finding faults, children will eventually take in all of that criticism. These methods often lead to unmotivated children with low self-esteem .\n     Children need attention to be given to the details of their lives. They need encouragement from their parents. Statements like,\"It makes me happy when you play nicely with your brother\" will make a child feel good . Identify the specific talent, how it is used, and your reaction to it. Train the young minds to search for their talents with the same kind of attention to the details that may have previously been devoted to fault-finding. It also helps to identify personal qualities to praise rather than external ones based on appearance.\n     Focusing on the details when children do good things is important. They need to know exactly what they did was good and how it made you feel .Parents often spend too much time looking for faults. When parents focus on good things, it results in motivated children with high self-esteem. _ ) are also.", "id": "high17643.txt"}