{"answers": ["D", "D", "B", "A"], "options": [["he wanted to fill out an application", "he had decided to buy a life insurance policy", "he took great interest in the insurance company", "he was eager to explore the possibilities of buying a policy"], ["decided to buy the policy", "decided to put off making a decision", "made an appointment with Dr. Luther's", "decided not to buy the policy"], ["he was afraid of him", "he felt embarrassed to do so", "he thought it none of the agent's business", "he did not wish to lose the agent's friendship"], ["he should have told the truth to the agent earlier", "he should buy the policy", "the agent is a real friend", "insurance is but a cheat"]], "questions": ["The writer phoned the insurance agent because  _  .", "After several hours of talking, the writer   _  .", "The writer didn't tell the agent the truth because   _  .", "The writer realized that   _  ."], "article": "Several months ago I decided it would be wise to look into the possibilities of buying a life insurance policy , because I understood it might be a good investment. I got the name of an insurance agent from a friend and called the agent to get some information. From the kinds of questions I put to him the agent could tell that I knew nothing about insurance, so he kindly offered to explore the matter with me in more detail---to help me determine the kind of policy I ought to be considering.\nThat evening he appeared at my door promptly  at 7:30; without wasting time on pleasantness, he spread his papers out on the kitchen table and launched into a lengthy explanation. I listened attentively as he talked about the difference between various types of policies, and he explained the kind of coverage he felt I ought to have. Toward the end of the evening (after three or four hours of talking), he kindly helped me fill out an application for a $50,000 policy, and then he asked if I could go to a Dr. Luther's office on Friday for a physical examination.\nI don't know why, but it was not until the mention of the doctor's appointment that I realized fully what was happening. I was about to sign a lifetime contract, yet I had not really made a decision about whether I wanted to buy the policy. However, since he had spent so much time with me, I didn't want to make him feel that he had wasted his time. So I invented an excuse about things I had to do on Friday, and I assured him I would call him in a few days. Actually, I had no intention of going to see Dr. Luther or of calling the agent again. I wanted to forget the whole thing.\nIt's been over three months now since our meeting, and my friendly insurance agent still calls at my office faithfully two or three times a week. My secretary knows that I don't want to talk to him, so when he calls she tells him that I'm in a meeting or that I'm out of the office or that I'm away on a business trip. I realize now that it was a mistake not to tell him that first night that I didn't want the policy. Since I still can't bring myself to tell him clearly that I'm not interested, and please not to bother me anymore, all I can do is avoid his calls and hope I don't run into him some place.", "id": "high17666.txt"}