{"answers": ["B", "D", "C", "A"], "options": [["Bedtime used to be the writer's favourite part of the day because of the stuffed monkey.", "Uncle Lan liked the stuffed monkey as much as the writer.", "The writer used to carry the monkey with her wherever she   went.", "Years later the writer realized that it was not wrong to miss Monkey Lan."], ["he could understand her", "he was a fashionable monkey", "he could talk with her", "he was her most honest listener"], ["keeping stuffed animals is babyish", "maturity doesn't mean growing up and taking on more responsibility", "one should keep to his childhood and act young sometimes even when he has grown up", "human beings should be kind to animals"], ["the writer is still a teenager", "the writer is now a middle-aged woman", "Monkey Lan got angry for being left alone", "Uncle Lan has a monkey-like face"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is NOT TRUE according to the text?", "The writer loved Monkey Lan deeply because   _  .", "We can learn from the text that the writer believes   _  .", "We can infer from the text that   _  ."], "article": "When I was younger, bedtime was always my favourite part of the day. Wearing soft pajamas  and with Lan, my stuffed monkey, in my arms, I felt no pressure at all.\nI named Lan after my uncle when I compared Lan's long arms and legs to his. One night I ran up to Uncle Lan at a family party and told him I had named my monkey after him. His eyebrows wrinkled  in confusion, then a chuckle  escaped his lips. I guess he didn't understand how important it was to me.\nEven if Uncle Lan didn't think my monkey was special, I certainly did. I dressed him in a white baby nightgown. My mother thought that Lan was the best-dressed stuffed animal in the world. Yes, he was certainly a fashionable creature. The strong cologne  I used on him years ago makes him still smell \"pretty\".\nFor a long time, Lan went everywhere with me. He was my best friend, and I told him everything. But when I turned twelve, I realized I was too old for stuffed animals. I thought people would think I was babyish, so I put him in the cupboard with the rest of my teddy bears and dolls. I begged him to understand why I was doing this, but at the same time I longed to talk to him again.\nIt took me several years to realize that it was OK to miss Lan. I know now that maturity doesn't only mean growing up and taking on more responsibility. It also means holding on to your childhood and acting young sometimes.\nLan has been with me since I was six years old. Holding him in my arms connects me to my past and my present as I continue to grow and understand myself.", "id": "high17667.txt"}