{"answers": ["D", "C"], "options": [["Because the name of Australiacapital city is too difficult to remember .", "Because the writer didn't know where the Australian capital city is .", "Because the writer was to nervous when he got to Australiafirst .", "Because it was an example to show that he knew little about Australia."], ["The Australian English accent is a little different .", "Australian people are very friendly and helpful .", "All the people are going along the same way .", "Australia has a very wonderful environment ."]], "questions": ["Why did the writer say, \"I was confused and did not know the name of or where the national capital was for a long time .\"?", "Which statement does not match the passage ?"], "article": "Before I stood on the ground of the largest island in the world I knew only a little about prefix = st1 /Australia. I came here in 2000, I had just heard of Sydney and Melbourne, and I knew koalas and kangaroos were Australian animals. To be frank, _ .\nWhen I was sitting on the plane traveling from Beijing to Melbourne, many questions were rolling around in my mind ceaselessly. Will, I a foreigner, be welcomed by the Australian or not? How long will it take me to get used to this wholly new life in this strange land?\nI stepped out the customs sections at Melbourneairport, aimlessly, like a day-dreamer. I really lacked any confidence. However, my start did not seem so bad. I made my way to find a taxi from the information desk. I found my friend, who lived inMelbourne, very easily. I felt that living inAustraliawas not so difficult, with the help of a taxi driver, as I had imagined. At the end of my first day here inAustraliathough, I had only spoken to a customs officer , a receptionist and a taxi driver.\nWith the time passing day after day , I began to understand this country . The most impressive thing for me is the fresh air , the green grass , and the clear and clean water .Several months later , I realized Australiais a good place for entertainment . There are many sports , games , art exhibitions , music and various cultural festivals fill up everyday Australian life . One of these events attracted me so much that I went to see the international air show held in Laverton Melbourne, and my interest in aircraft was _ \nAustralians are outgoing and friendly . Whenever I meet an Australian face to face , going along the same way as me , most people here will say hello to me . After the first few times this happened , I was affected by this custom , and started to say to people in advance , when I met them .\nIn fact , Australiahas many charming points to me . The exotic animals , the tasty wine , the wonderful coastline , even the Australian English accent ! Every experience I undertake is a great discovery to me .\nAll in all , Australiain my eyes is an ideal country for living . Peace , tranquility (quietness) and friendship are forever repeating themes of this country . I loveAustralia.", "id": "high17683.txt"}