{"answers": ["A", "D", "B", "C"], "options": [["Because left-handers aren't paid enough attention to .", "Because the number of right-handers is larger than that of left-handers in the world .", "Because there are no special products for left-handers .", "Because right-handers didn't like International Left-hander's Day ."], ["International Left-hander's Day was first declared and celebrated in 1979", "there was once a magazine for left-handers", "more and more people will use their right hands", "a lot of people think doing things with right hands is reasonable"], ["There are many famous left-handed artists , athletes and so on in the past and at present .", "All left-handers are proud of themselves .", "Relatively , left-handers have more difficulties to overcome than right-handers .", "a lot of ordinary left-handers can also make great contributions to society ."], ["International Left-hander's Day", "Right Handers Should Respect Left Handers", "Lefties Have Rights", "Left Handers , Right ?"]], "questions": ["Why does the writer say, \"The world is built for right handers\"?", "From the passage , we can infer that_.", "Which statement is not included in the passage ?", "The best title of this passage is_."], "article": "If you are a Lefty , then Left Handers Day is just for you !\nThe world is built for right handers. In school, have you ever seen a left handed desk ? They don't exist . Many left handed items cost more . The computer mouse is designed for right handers . Scissors for right handers . Only a lefty would understand this .\nBut do you know that right handed people operate in the left side of the brain . Left handed people use the right side . Therefore, only left handed people are in their right mind .\nLeft Handers certainly earned the right to have a day special for them . This special day was first declared and celebrated on Friday , August 13, 1979 by an organization called Lefthanders International . They chose to open their business on that day to address the myths and misconceptions about left-handers . They published a magazine for left-handers and they sold left-handed products for more than twenty years before going out of business a few years ago. The holiday is celebrated annually on the 13th of August .\nBut Left-handers Day is not merely a celebration of the creative superiority of lefties , it also aims at raising awareness of the difficulties presented by a right-handed world . This is a day for left-handers to show their pride and pay tribute to famous left-handers past and present , including some of our greatest artists , athletes and entertainers . Furthermore , this day is to praise the creativity and talents of those left-handers who are less famous but equally productive members of our society .\nSo take a minute to appreciate your left handed friends and loved ones . Don't forget to send them a Left Handed Day E-card to show your respect . Remember that \"Leftis have rights!\"", "id": "high17682.txt"}