{"answers": ["C", "B", "A"], "options": [["an official report", "a piece of news", "a speech to students", "a letter to friends."], ["Being confident will make you lovelier.", "Sharing your weaknesses with others will make you strong.", "Showing your weaknesses will cause trouble.", "The strong know everything and are never afraid."], ["Admitting To Weakness", "Being Confident", "Fearing Nothing", "Being As Strong As Possible"]], "questions": ["This passage may be  _  .", "Which of the following is true according to the writer?", "The best title for this passage may be   _  ."], "article": "Despite the burning heat, the summer holidays are drawing to a close. After a period of pleasant relaxation, spending time with friends and family, our thoughts now turn towards the new school term. This can be an exciting time, filled with new opportunities, ambitions and challenges. Such new challenges can be frightening as we face unfamiliar situations, people and places. Many of you will be facing a new term in a higher grade. This may well mean a greater workload and more exam pressure. Maybe you are starting a new school and are worried about how to make new friends. Whichever new situation you face, there is no shame in admitting you are worried or concerned. The fact that you are older and are facing more challenges does not mean that you have to deal with your problems alone. No matter how old we are, all of us need help sometimes, and admitting to weakness can be one of our greatest strengths. How else can we get the help we need to face our problems with confidence? \nAlso, this can be a good way to connect with new people in a similar situation. On the first day of a new term or at a new school, everyone will be nervous and uncertain. Admitting to _ makes us seem much more human. After all, would you really want to be friends with someone who believes that they know everything and claims to never be afraid?\n   Whatever your new situation is at the beginning of this new term, relax, and remember that every student you come across is just as nervous as you are. Share what you believe to be your weaknesses and see just how strong you really are.", "id": "high17696.txt"}