{"answers": ["C", "C", "B"], "options": [["in the 16th century", "in the 17th century", "in the 18th century", "in the 19th century"], ["French Wine Regions Presentation", "Wine Appreciation Class", "Dating with the French Sommelier", "Reading a French Label"], ["The famous Mona Lisa painting was one of the donations to the museum.", "Purchases by the kings and donations contributed to the large collection of Louvre Museum.", "If you are a beginner, you will not enjoy the pleasures of wine in the Wine Taste.", "You cannot buy tickets for Lido Show in advance."]], "questions": ["When did the Louvre Museum become open to the public?", "Which is not the way mentioned in the passage to appreciate wine in Paris?", "Which of the following is true according to the passage?"], "article": "Welcome to France! Here are some places of interest in Paris.\nLouvre Museum\nThe collection of the Louvre Museum was first established in the 16th century as the private collection of King Francis I. One of the works of art he purchased was the now famous Mona Lisa painting. The collection grew steadily thanks to donations and purchases by the kings. In 1793, during the French Revolution, the Louvre became a national art museum and the private royal collection opened to the public. The museum has a collection of over 1 million works of art, of which about 35 000 are on display, spread out over three wings   of the former palace. The museum has a diverse collection ranging from ancient times up to the mid 19th century. \nWine Tasting\nFrench Wine Tasting in Paris: Whether you are a wine beginner or a real experienced one, one of these tastings is for you! You will taste a wonderful variety of French wines: from Alsace to Bordeaux, from Burgundy to Chateauneuf-du-Pape. With an unusual approach, focused on fun and joy, your French sommelier  will allow you to learn and enjoy the pleasures of wine!\nThere are different ways of tasting to choose from and each is unique, like Wine Appreciation Class, French Wine Regions Presentation, Reading a French Label and the possibility to buy wine. Your Wine Tasting takes place at a French sommelier's home, in a beautiful loft  with air conditioning.\nLido Show\nThis evening will begin with the abundant recipes which have been styled in cooperation with the famous French chef, Paul Bocuse. The orchestra invites you to the dance floor. At 9:30pm the Lido's curtain rises for a non-stop hour of magic... as performance after performance bursts onto the stage. After dinner, you'll discover the Lido's unique show. Special effects, incredible settings, magnificent costumes, the display of lights, music rhythms and exceptional entertainments are all pure enchantment. Book your tickets for the Lido dinner show in advance on our website.", "id": "high17710.txt"}