{"answers": ["D", "B", "B", "C"], "options": [["How to make use of the television.", "The history of the television.", "The benefit of the television.", "The advantages and disadvantages of television."], ["not very convenient", "ly cheap", "quite dangerous", "very expensive"], ["Because TV programs are not interesting.", "Because TV viewers are completely passive.", "Because TV prices are very high.", "Because TV has both advantages and disadvantages."], ["its quality", "people's attitude towards it", "how we use it", "when we use it"]], "questions": ["What is the main idea of the passage?", "Television , as a channel of amusement , is  _  .", "Why are some people against TV?", "According to the passage , whether TV is good or not depends on   _   ."], "article": "It is obvious that television brings us not only advantages but also disadvantages .\n   At first, television is both a convenient channel of amusement, and a  ly cheap one. If we have a TV set in the family, we are not necessary to go to the cinema or theatre to enjoy programme with expensive tickets. All that they have to do is press a button with a finger, and they can watch all the programmes they like, such as TV talk shows , movies, opera and so on. But some people think of it as a danger. When we watch TV, we don't need to do anything . We do not even have to leave our sofa because we have a remote control in our hand. We don't need to make any judgment or statement about it. We are totally passive and don't use our head to think hard about some matters.\n   As we all know, television keeps us informed about world events--including all the events in society, science and politics .We can get a good idea of the most remote countries and the strangest customs in their country. Of course the radio performs this service too, but the effect of the programme is not better than on the television. Everything we enjoy on the television is much more vivid and realistic. However, in turn there is a great danger. Usually we cannot resist the television screen, because it has a great harm for us. We have been so accustomed to enjoying the screen, so dependent on its pictures. But when our TV sets are out of order, we are surprised to find that we have much more time to do things. And at this time we actually begin to have a talk to each other again. It is really worth thinking.\n   Of course the arguments about the advantages and disadvantages of television are on the go.We can not simply say television itself is good or bad. The truth is that how we use it determines its true value to our society.", "id": "high17716.txt"}