{"answers": ["C", "A", "D"], "options": [["it has no entertainment facilities", "it includes lots of localized activities", "it offers kids chances to learn through working", "it employs many seniors and disabled people"], ["prepare them to be good citizens in the future", "provide them with a place to have a good time", "make them aware of their parents' hardship", "assist them in building a good relationship with parents"], ["Children do part-time jobs at a theme park", "A theme park pushes kids to be grown-ups", "KidZania theme park makes adults' life easier", "Kids get to 'be' adults at KidZania theme park"]], "questions": ["KidZania is unique in that   _  .", "Children's theme park KidZania is set up to   _  .", "Which of the following might be the best title of the passage?"], "article": "Parents all struggle to get children to understand that money doesn't grow on trees, wanting them to be responsible, work hard and learn to save a few bucks. But these lessons are among the most difficult to teach.\nEnter KidZania, an internationally praised and truly unique children's theme park, that makes life a little easier for parents.\nKidZania is not a traditional theme park in almost any sense of the word -- there are no roller coasters or merry-go-rounds in sight. There are, however, plenty of attractions and activities that will keep children busy, active, engaged and excited all day.\nWhat makes it so much fun is that it's a kid-sized city -- complete with restaurants, banks, grocery stores and hospitals -- where the kids get to be adults, doing the things most of us do on any normal day.\nThey start by picking one of nearly 100 \"careers\" and learning about it. Then, they put on their uniform and are ready to work and earn KidZania dollars (\"Kidzos\").\nMost activities are universal but some are localized to reflect the distinct flavors and personality of the country and region where the park is located and to keep it real for the kids.\nKids get paid for every job they do, which helps them explore the mysteries of managing money. Kidzos in hand, they can spend it or save it. If they run short of money, they'll have to find a way to earn some.\nEach KidZania city is planned in amazing detail, even including real world brands that help sponsor the city and keep it running. I was a little wary of all the popular corporate logos, but the brands weren't pushed at all. They are there to reinforce the \"real city\" feeling by mixing it with things kids recognize.\nKidZania employs senior citizens who give the park a homey feel and help put children at ease. Management also employs the disabled, whether blind, deaf or wheelchair-bound. Besides making for a more realistic city, this teaches children about those with different abilities and gives them an opportunity to spend time with people they might otherwise have stared at or treated less than kindly.\nSocialization is an important part of KidZania, just as it is throughout childhood. The KidZania experience empowers kids, giving them the confidence to be their best selves, and the inspiration to be great global citizens. And it's part of what makes KidZania such an amazing place for families and children.", "id": "high17717.txt"}