{"answers": ["D", "C", "A", "B", "D"], "options": [["listening to the advice of grown-ups.", "asking adults many questions.", "making mistakes and having them corrected.", "doing as other people do by themselves."], ["Give children correct answers.", "Allow children to make mistakes.", "Tell the children what is wrong with their work as often as possible.", "Let children judge their own work."], ["encourage children to learn from each other.", "point out children's mistakes whenever they are found.", "correct children's mistakes as much as possible.", "teach children more knowledge from book."], ["different from learning other skills.", "the same as learning other skills.", "more important than other skills.", "unnecessary skills."], ["Let Us Teachers Stop Working.", "Let Children Alone.", "Let Children Correct Their Exercises.", "Let Children Learn by Themselves."]], "questions": ["According to the passage, the best way for children to learn things is by   _  .", "Which of the following does the writer think teachers should NOT do?", "According to the writer, teachers in school should   _  .", "The passage suggests that learning to speak and learning to ride a bicycle are   _  .", ". Which of the following may serve as the best title of this passage?"], "article": "Let children learn to judge their own work. A child who learns to talk does not learn by being corrected all the time. If corrected too much., he will stop talking. He notices a thousand times a day the differences between the language he uses and the language those around him. Little by little, he makes the necessary changes to make his language like other people's. In the same way, children learn to do all the other things without being taught-to walk, run, climb, whistle, ride a bicycle-compare their performances with those of more skilled people, and slowly make the needed changes.\nBut in school we never give a child a chance to find out his mistakes and correct them himself. We do it all for his act as if we thought that he would never notice a mistake unless it was pointed out to him, or correct it unless he was made to. Let him work out, with the help of other children if he wants it, what this word says , what the answer is to that problem, whether this is a good way of saying or doing this or not.\nIf it is a matter of right answers, as it may be in mathematics or science, give him the answer book. Let him correct his own papers. Why should we teachers waste time on such routine(daily) work? Our job should be to help the children when they tell us that they can't find the way to get to measure their own understanding, how to know what they know or do not know.", "id": "high1772.txt"}