{"answers": ["C", "D", "C"], "options": [["have an opportunity to help all the people in developing countries", "travel to many foreign countries to learn more about the world", "contribute to lives in developing countries and develop themselves", "improve their abilities by learning in some developed countries"], ["Kennedy founded the Peace Corps before he took office in 1961.", "America's image in the foreign countries depends completely on volunteers.", "Volunteers served as teachers to work for no pay in Accra, Ghana.", "Most of the volunteers had just graduated from college."], ["education", "environment", "government", "health care"]], "questions": ["Volunteers for the Peace Corps can   _  .", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the text?", "According to the text, volunteers and trainees help in the following fields EXCEPT   _  ."], "article": "Americans who volunteer for the Peace Corps  get a chance to help improve lives in developing countries. They also get a chance to learn more about the world, and about themselves. This week this program is celebrating its 50th anniversary .\nPresident John Kennedy set up the Peace Corps soon after he took office in 1961. It was the time of the Cold War between the United States and the Soviet Union . The new program gave Americans a chance to answer the call to service that the president made in his inaugural speech. \"Ask not what your country can do for you,\" he said. \"Ask what you can do for your country.\" Kennedy told Peace Corps volunteers that America's image in the countries where they were going would depend largely on them.\nOn August 30th, 1961, the first group of 51 Peace Corps volunteers arrived in Accra, Ghana, to serve as teachers. They had agreed to work for almost no pay. They would spend two years in Ghana helping its people and learning the reality of life in a developing country. Most of the volunteers had just completed college. About half of them taught English or health care. In the 50 years since then, more than 200,000 Americans have served as Peace Corps volunteers. They have worked in 139 countries.\nThe Peace Corps is a government agency that was created to promote  world peace and friendship. There are three goals: First, to help the people of interested countries in meeting their need for trained men and women. Second, to help promote a better understanding of Americans on the part of the people served. And, third, to help promote a better understanding of other people on the part of Americans.\nToday, the Peace Corps has more than 8,000 volunteers and trainees in 77 countries. They work in agriculture, economic development, education, the environment and health care. Some work in programs related to youth development.\nFifty percent of current Peace Corps volunteers are women. The average age of a volunteer is 28. But the ages of Peace Corps volunteers range from 18 to 86. Some Americans join the Peace Corps after they retire . Today seven percent of volunteers are over the age of 50. And 19 percent are members of minority  groups.", "id": "high17728.txt"}