{"answers": ["A", "A"], "options": [["It has a history of over 30 years.", "It has built up a large pen market.", "It has its name printed on each pen.", "It charges a low price for extra service."], ["persuade people to order the products", "explain the process of making logo pens", "show people how to choose different pens", "introduce the different services of SmartWR PENS"]], "questions": ["What do we know about SmartWR PENS?", "The main purpose of the passage is to   _  ."], "article": "SmartWR PENS is your No. 1 source for promotional pens, advertising pens, and logo   pens. We have been in business since 1976, so you can be confident that you're dealing with a trusted name in the industry. \nEveryone loves a free pen, and by providing your customers with a pen featuring your company name, logo, or message, you can be sure that your company name will always be on their mind! Our custom imprinting service comes at no extra charge, so the price you see is the price you pay for the personalized pens.\n Do you need pens fast? In a RUSH for trade shows or a company events? Try our 48 hour promotional pens rush service free of charge. We present you with many styles and types of printed pen. Let us know which promotional pen you like and within 48 hours you will have the pens.\n Want to use the traditional method of promotional pens to reach out to customers, but don't want to cause more damage to the environment? SmartWR PENS now offers eco-friendly advertising pens to suit any company's promotional needs. SmartWR PENS can confidently offer products which are made from eco-friendly materials, including paper, cardboard, cornstarch, pine, bamboo and even recycled plastic water bottles. SmartWR PENS offers a selection of eco-friendly retractable and stick-type ballpoint pens, mechanical pencils and highlighters, all for less than $2.00 each. Imprinting of logos and company information is available in sixteen different color1s. Each pen has the universal recycling symbol printed on it, showing clients the company's commitment to the environment.\nFeel free to call us at 8447367 or email us info@SmartWRPENS.com if you have any questions.", "id": "high17724.txt"}