{"answers": ["C", "B"], "options": [["he needn't tell others about that", "other members just follow his orders", "he must have it known and well understood by others", "others may have their own ideas and special ways of working"], ["but it may be crossed off if unnecessary", "but you needn't work exactly on it", "and each step must be carried out by it", "and no one can change it once settled"]], "questions": ["A director knows the purpose of each step of the work, but  _   .", "To shoot a film, a shooting schedule must be fixed first   _  ."], "article": "It can be as simple or as complex as you want. Anybody who enjoys the cinema knows that when the final credits roll they include everyone who has contributed -- Director, Performers, Best Boy, Make Up, etc.\nIt usually takes over a hundred people working a year to make a feature film, ten people to produce a pop promo   and around twenty to film a documentary. The reason so many people are involved is because films need to be made quickly and on budget.\nMany famous directors started by making films completely on their own -- Orson Welles, George Lucas, Robert Rodrigues. You may not have the special effects and big budgets of Hollywood but you do have time on your side. Use it to experiment and make a few mistakes. It's the way to learn. And that's where the fun begins. Go on; make a film.\nNow, let's talk about how to prepare for the shoot  .\nIf you're making the film with other people, organize your cast and crew effectively. Make sure everybody knows their role and what day and time they're needed. \nGive people specific jobs so they can become experts in their field. For example, a sound recordist listens to the sound through headphones as it's being recorded, and holds an extra microphone if needed.\nA camera operator frames the picture, sets focus, checks the light and records the action.\nThe editor \"cuts\" the picture together after it's shot. \nA producer is the contact point for the film. He or she makes sure crew and cast are there on time, talks to the press and organizes the budget. \nA director has to make sure their vision is communicated. To do this everyone needs to be clear about what the director expects from each scene and each shot.\nYou may also need a make-up-artist, a choreographer, a driver, etc. However, you can quite easily make your first film on your own. Make a schedule that says which shots are to be taken where and when (this is called a shooting schedule) and when you've completed a take, cross it off the list. Remember that you may want to shoot \"out of sequence\", e.g. shoot the last scene first, and the first last. Similarly if the film begins and ends by a tree in the park, it may make sense to film both scenes while you're there.\nContinuity is particularly important in drama. Take a Polaroid camera and take photos to capture details. You may need to come back to a scene days later. When you decide your locations, consider whether you need permission to use the space, how noisy it will be and what the light will be like at the time of day you will need to use it. Is there power available? Are you likely to be interrupted?\nIf you're making animation   or any computer generated stuff, have a space that you can control. You may need extra lights and you may need to leave work in progress. Make sure people living with you are aware what's happening. Animation needs a lot of undisturbed concentration and patience. Keep at it and it'll pay off. Aardmann and Disney both started off at home experimenting with clay  , pens and a camera.", "id": "high17725.txt"}