{"answers": ["C", "D", "C", "A"], "options": [["The species of fish in the oceans is reducing .", "Sea water is polluted", "Sea Water quality is improved", "Less productivity of ecosystems"], ["unbearable", "unbelievable", "doubtful", "convincing"], ["It was conducted by scientists from different countries", "It referred to information of many countries", "It lasted from 1950 to  2003", "It referred to records dating back to over 1000 years ago"], ["It's too late to take action to improve the situation", "Some species will recover without efforts", "Boris Worm hopes that people take their warning seriously", "Boris Worm shoes great concern about ecosystem"]], "questions": ["Which of the  following isn't the damage to the oceans ?", "The conclusion of the research led by Boris Worm is   _   .", "Which statement of the following is NOT TRUE about the research led by Boris Worm ?", "Which of the following statements is NOT TRUE ?"], "article": "Boris Worm of Dalhousie University in Nova Scotia ,prefix = st1 /Canada, led the international team that did the study . Professor Worm says species have recently been disappearing from oceans at increasing speed . At this rate , he says , all seafood species could collapse could collapse by 2048 .\n       Other studies have also warned about the dangers of overfishing and the effects on ocean environments . But not everyone thinks the oceans are likely to be empty in fifty tears . Some scientists said parts of the world do have problems , but others are doing a good job of protecting fish populations . Government officals in several countries with large fishing industries also questioned the research .\n       The study appeared earlier this month in Science magazine .\n       The researchers say damage to oceans affects not only fish populations but also the productivity of ecosystems . These complex systems help control water quality . The scientists say the loss of different kinds of sea life appeared to increase the f fish kills and beach closures from harmful algae growth .\n       The scientist examined the results of thirty-two experiments and observed forty-eight protected areas . They also looked at records of catches worldwide . They studied records from the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization from nineteen fifty to two thousand three . And they examined archeological information and other historical records for twelve coastal areas . That research back over a thousand years .\n       Boris Worm says the findings were , in his words , \" beyond anything we suspected . \" But he also said the situation is not too late to correct . He said that with good fisheries management , some species could completely recover in three to ten years .", "id": "high17733.txt"}