{"answers": ["D", "A", "C", "D"], "options": [["caused many deaths", "caused few problems", "was caused by the U.S.", "polluted the soil and other things"], ["twice", "200 times", "56 times", "28 times"], ["Children don't go to school during the summer.", "The air of America is very clean during the summer.", "The amount of radiation is the most in summer.", "Children like to do lots of fun things during the summer."], ["To make the children get away from explosion.", "To cure the cancer of many children.", "To bring the children to America.", "To make the children safe from radiation."]], "questions": ["The radiation_.", "The birth defects are_as many as that before the accident.", "Why do people want to bring the children from Ukraine to the U.S. during the summer?", "What's the aim of the Chernobyl Children's Project?"], "article": "In the year 1986 there was a terrible explosion. The explosion was at a nuclear power plant in another country called Ukraine. The radiation  caused a lot of damage. It polluted the soil and other things. People lived in the area when the explosion happened. Twenty years later those people are still suffering. Effects from the explosion will go on for a long time.\nOver two million people still live in the polluted areas. Only 56 people died from the explosion but many other problems have been caused because of it. Some types of cancer are more than 200 times above world average. Many children have cancer now and birth defects  have doubled since the accident.\nSome people in the United States are worried about the children living there. One group has been trying to raise money. They are called the Chernobyl Children's Project. They want to bring children from the Ukraine to the U.S. each summer.\nA spokesperson for the group says that radiation is the highest in the summertime, so it is a good time to get the children out of the country. They want to help the children get away for a little while. The Project wants them to be safe from radiation.\nIt costs $1,500 to bring each child to the United States for six weeks. The group raised enough money to bring 28 children to the United States. The children were able to do lots of fun things. They enjoyed clean air, healthy food, and plenty of outdoor fun. One little nine-year-old girl who got to come to the United States said that she likes America.\nA spokesperson for the Project said that the children that come to America during the summer miss less school when they return home.", "id": "high17744.txt"}