{"answers": ["D", "B", "B"], "options": [["Clerks will be able to work at home.", "One can play baseball on the computer.", "One can listen to music without disturbing others.", "One can borrow books from libraries at home."], ["Michael is person full of imagination and he can make his dreams come true", "Michael is not a real person but the lifestyle does exist", "Michael has ambitions but he can't make his dreams come true", "Michael is a person full of imagination and his lifestyle is common nowadays"], ["We may no longer need to communicate with other human beings.", "Modern technology seems to be separating human beings.", "We may no longer need to work in the office.", "Modern technology makes it possible for us to work and entertain ourselves at home."]], "questions": ["Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage?", "The sentence \"Michael is imaginary, but his lifestyle is very possible\" means   _  .", "What is the main idea of the passage?"], "article": "Michael stays home on workdays. He plugs into his personal computer terminal in order to connect with the office. After work, he puts on his headphones, watches a movie on his home video recorder, or plays baseball on the computer. On many days, Michael doesn't talk to any other human beings, and he doesn't see any people except the ones on television. _ The inventions of modern technology seem to be cutting us off from contact with our fellow human beings.\nThe world of business is one area in which technology is separating us. Experts say, for example, that many people will soon be able to work at home. With access to a large central computer, employees such as office clerks, insurance agents, and accountants could do their jobs at display terminals in their own homes. They would never have to actually see the people they're dealing with. In addition, the way employees are paid will change. Workers' salaries will be automatically paid into their bank accounts, making paper checks unnecessary. No workers will stand in line to receive their pay or cash their checks. Personal banking will change, too. Customers will deal with machines to put in or take out money from their accounts.\nAnother area that technology is changing is entertainment. Music, for instance, was once a group experience. People listened to music at concert halls or in small social gatherings. For many people now, however, music is an individual experience. Walking along the street or sitting in their living rooms, they wear headphones to build a wall of music around them. Movie entertainment is changing, too. Movies used to be social events. Now, fewer people are going out to see a movie. Many more are choosing to wait for a film to appear on television or are borrowing videotapes to watch at home. Instead of laughing with others, viewers watch movies in their own living looms.", "id": "high17757.txt"}