{"answers": ["D", "C", "B"], "options": [["companies' operations were reliable on computer systems", "computing had awareness of people's needs in the context", "people could have access to computing almost everywhere", "it was possible for people to experience computing at home"], ["There's no need to create a single product.", "The definition of the user experience is more significant.", "Products and services are not independent of each other.", "The products' form and functions are no longer important."], ["There's a shift of attention from people's physical worlds to their digital worlds.", "There's closer relationship between technology and people's natural behaviours.", "People live more happily with the convenience brought by advanced technology.", "People become lazier with the products that can think and respond to their needs."]], "questions": ["In the first wave of computing   _  .", "Which of the following is a situation in the third wave of computing?", "What can we conclude from the passage about the new age we are facing?"], "article": "We have entered a new age of embedded , intuitive  computing in which our homes, cars, stores, farms, and factories have the ability to think, sense, understand, and respond to our needs. It's not science fiction, but the dawn of a new age.\nMost people might not realize it yet, but we are already feeling the impact of what's known as the third wave of computing. In small but significant ways it is helping us live healthier and more secure lives. If you drive a 2014 Mercedes Benz, for example, an \"intelligent\" system tries to keep you from hitting a pedestrian. A farmer in Nigeria relies on weather sensors that communicate with his mobile device. Forgot your medicine? A new pill bottle from AdhereTech reminds you through text or automatic phone messages that it's time to take a pill.\nTechnology is being integrated  into our natural behaviors, with real-time data connecting our physical and digital worlds. With this dramatic shift in our relationship to technology, companies can adapt their products and services.\nTo understand how revolutionary the third wave is, we ought to consider how far we have come. The first wave began when companies started to manage their operations through mainframe computer systems over 50 years ago. Then computing got \"personal\" in the 1980s and the 1990s with the introduction of the PC (personal computer). For the most part, computing remained immobile and lacked contextual awareness.\nIn computing's second wave, mobile computing and the smartphone took center stage. Billions of people, some of whom might not have had access to clean water, electricity, or even housing, were connected. Developers created applications and provided consumers with access to just about everything through their phone at the cost of a monthly data plan.\nAs the third wave keeps developing, designers must meet the demands of consumers who want to experiment with new technology.\nHistorically, designers have focused their attention on a product's form and function. While that still matters, of course, the definition of a meaningful user experience has expanded significantly and will continue to do so. Instead of creating a single product, designers will need to imagine a series of connected products and services that have awareness of each other and their surroundings.", "id": "high17777.txt"}