{"answers": ["A", "D", "B", "C"], "options": [["a well-received American football game", "an expensive American sport", "an impressive TV performance", "a most-watched TV series"], ["Its results are too exciting to meet viewers' expectations.", "People can eat pizza, chicken wings and chips when watching it.", "Its commercials are expensive enough to draw viewers' attention.", "The performances during its halftime show are appealing to viewers."], ["Americans spend a large amount of money on ball games.", "American people of all ages like going to watch baseball games.", "All the American stars take part in the national basketball game.", "There are important national ball games in America almost every month."], ["inform readers of the three popular sports in America", "teach readers how to understand the sports culture in America", "encourage readers to fit in with American culture through sports", "show readers the importance of sports in young people's life in America"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, the Super Bowl is   _  .", "Which of the following may be one of the reasons for the popularity of the Super Bowl?", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?", "The passage is mainly written to   _  ."], "article": "On \"Super Bowl Sunday\", millions of Americans are glued to their TVs. They are eating pizza, chicken wings and chips and cheering every move. They're watching the Super Bowl.\nWhy are Americans so crazy about American football? Well, it is more exciting than other sports. One team can lose possession of the ball in a minute, which may allow their opponents to make a touchdown . Then that team may win the game unexpectedly.\nThe Super Bowl also entertains its audience with a great halftime show. The football field is turned into a stage. Then an impressive performance of dancing and singing with special effects occurs.\nSince the Super Bowl is the most-watched TV program in America, commercial airtime is also very expensive. Big money is also spent on commercials. They draw the viewers' attention and advertise their image or products during the commercial break.\nAfter football season, the \"March Madness\" begins. The NCAA (National Collegiate Athletic Association) competitions begin with 68 men's college basketball teams. They play until the field is reduced to the \"Final Four\". The winning team becomes the national champion. The NBA (National Basketball Association) All-Star game is also held in February. The best players from all the teams play in this game.\nBaseball is no doubt American's national sport. From grandpas to young kids, whole families go to ball games together. They wear their favorite team's caps or even carry their mascot . Our family went to watch Wang Chien-Ming play in D.C. once. We ate hot dogs, waved flags and sang during the 7th inning  stretch.\nIf you are not a sports fan yet, come and pick a sport or a team. Go to a ball game with your family, and cheer your team on. Sports are definitely a part of American culture one should not miss.", "id": "high17776.txt"}