{"answers": ["B", "D"], "options": [["the fewer difficulties you may have abroad", "the more difficulties you may have abroad", "the more money you will earn abroad", "the less homesick you will feel abroad"], ["\"Culture shock\" is a term used to describe the feelings that people experience in a new environment", "In the second stage of \" Culture shock\", people may hate the life in the new environment", "When you are homesick, you had better not stay at home all the time", "Every one of us doesn't feel culture shock in this way or that"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, the more successful you are at home,   _  .", ".Which of the following is NOT right according to the passage?"], "article": "Experts say it is not easy to get used to life in a new culture. \" Culture shock\" is the term these experts use when talking about the feelings that people have in a new environment. There are three stages of culture shock, say the experts. In the first stage, the newcomers like their new environment. Then, when the fresh experience dies, they begin to hate the city, the country, the people and everything else. In the last stage, the newcomers begin to adjust to their surroundings and, as a result, enjoy their life more.\nThere are some obvious factors in culture shock. The weather may be unpleasant. The customs may be different. The public service systems---the telephone, post office ,or transportation --may be difficult to work out. The simplest things seem to be big problems. The language may be difficult.\nWho feels culture shock? Everyone does in this way or that. But culture shock surprises most people. Very often the people having the worst culture shock are those who never had any difficulties in their home countries and were successful in their community. Coming to a new country, these people find they do not have the same established positions. They find themselves without a role, almost without an identity. They have to build a new self-image.\nCulture shock causes a feeling of disorientation  . This feeling may be homesickness. When homesick, people feel like staying inside all the time. They want to protect themselves from the strange environment, and create an escape inside their room for a sense of security. This escape does solve the problem of culture shock for the short term, but it does nothing to make the person familiar with the culture. Getting to know the new environment and gaining experience--these are the long-term solutions to the problem of culture shock.", "id": "high1778.txt"}