{"answers": ["C", "C", "B"], "options": [["contact Cape Disappointment State Park", "call 1-800-451-2542", "contact Skipper's Equestrian Center", "get in touch with an RV park"], ["People can drive an RV on the beach.", "Camp fires can be near beach dry grass.", "Tent camping is not allowed on the beach.", "RV parks are mainly for people who like riding horses."], ["Do's and don'ts in Long Beach.", "Some activities for fun in Long Beach.", "People's lifestyle in Long Beach Peninsula.", "Great tourist spots in south-western Washington."]], "questions": ["If you are interested in a guided horseback tour, you can   _  .", "Which of the following statements about the activities in Long Beach is TRUE?", "What is this passage mainly about?"], "article": "Long Beach lies in south-western Washington, and it is generally called Long Beach Peninsula. Communities there take you back to the old days of a simple and slow-paced lifestyle. There, visitors can relax and have fun through various activities.\nBird watching\nThere are many kinds of birds that can be found in Long Beach. It is the best if you observe from a distance. If you walk close to them, they may be spooked and fly away. Don't forget to take a camera and take pictures of the various birds there.\nHorses\n    A popular activity in Long Beach is horseback riding. Two businesses in the city of Long Beach offer guided horseback tours along the beach: Black Country Wilderness Outfitters and Skipper's Equestrian Center. You may also bring your own horse. Among the adventures offered with horses is a wagon  ride along the beach, a carriage ride through Long Beach, or a sunset ride on horseback on the beach.\nCamping\nRV  camping and tent camping aren't allowed on the beach, but there are RV parks and private camp-grounds in the area, as well as Cape Disappointment State Park. Camp fires are allowed within 100 feet of the beach, but must be away from the beach dry grass.\nSwimming and other activities\nSwimming is allowed, but visitors should be careful. The waters are very cold and dangerous. Surfing is allowed only for experienced surfers. Beach driving is allowed at certain spots on the beach. The speed limit is 25 mph. Building sand castles, digging sand to find something, bicycle riding, and flying kites are also popular activities in the area.\nYou can find right hotels easily in the area. The Southwest Loop Trail Map can be got through the Long Beach Peninsula Visitors Bureau Office by calling 1-800-451-2542. Enjoy your trip to Long Beach, Washington.", "id": "high17790.txt"}