{"answers": ["C", "B", "D"], "options": [["Students.", "Parents.", "Teachers.", "Pupils."], ["Before reading.", "During reading.", "During warming up.", "After reading."], ["readers can make classroom fun", "reading can help develop learners dependence", "some pre-reading activities are not needed", "extensive reading improves all aspects of language learning"]], "questions": ["Who do you think the passage is written mainly for?", "When do you think students can become journalists and report on parts of the story?", "From the passage, we can learn that_."], "article": "A graded reader is a book containing simplified languages used to help learners master the language. Readers come in different levels, from beginners to advanced. English learners need to choose a reader that is suitable for their level.\nWhy use readers? Lots of research shows that extensive reading improves all aspects of language learning, including vocabulary, speaking skills, fluency ,writing skills and reading comprehension.\nprefix = st1 /Reading is a way of learning English without classes or a teacher. It helps develop learner independence. And while reading graded readers, learners don't have to run to a dictionary because the language is at their level.\nHow do I get started? The entire class can read the same book or different books at different times.\nHow do I know the right level? If your class is all reading the same book, choose one that is appropriate for their level. If your students are reading different books, you can have a selection of books at different levels. In this case, don't worry too much about the level. A learner who is interested in detective stories might read a higher level book if the motivation is there.\nHow to read the book depends on students' age, motivation and class time available. Some classes like to read silently, others like to read aloud in small groups and some enjoy being read to by the teacher. Be sensitive to the class and ask for their opinions.\nSome pre-reading activities are needed. Before students open a book, it is important to spark interest in the story and in the whole process of reading. For example, ask them to guess what the story is from cover, chapter titles and let students put them in the best order, or discuss the author.\nDuring reading, choose a suitable chapter or chapters that can be broken down to make a comic strip  . Or students select a part of the book to make into a radio play. Students can also become journalists and report on parts of the story. Choose a piece of action and have students write it up. Besides, students can role-play an interview with a character.", "id": "high17798.txt"}