{"answers": ["D", "D", "A"], "options": [["He is as cool as the author in the children's eyes.", "He loves adventure even if it is dangerous for the children.", "He doesn't spend as much time as the author does with the children.", "He does more exciting activities with the children."], ["The author focuses on the children's studies, while her husband is in charge of their entertainment.", "The author watches sports games with the children while her husband teaches them how to play.", "The author looks after the children at home while her husband takes them to the open air.", "The author takes care of the children while her husband mainly has fun with the children."], ["by comparison and contrast", "by cause and effect", "by flashback", "by classification"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is true about the author's husband?", "What's the biggest difference between the author's parenting style and that of her husband?", "How does the writer develop the article?"], "article": "If parents had job descriptions, mine would read: organize bills, playmates, laundry(washing clothes), meals, snacks, outings and shopping.\nThe only thing on my husband's description would be the word \"fun\" written in big red letters along the top. Although he is a selfless provider, our children think of him more as a combination of a jungle gym and a clown .\n   Our parenting styles complement each other. His style is a nonstop adventure where no one has to worry about washing their hands or eating vegetables. I'm too busy worrying to be fun. Even if I try, I know I will be outdone by my husband.\n   I bought my children bubble gum flavored toothpaste to teach them how to brush their teeth. They thought it was perfect until my husband taught them how to spit out water between their two front teeth like a fountain.\n   I took the children on a walk in the woods and caught a ladybug (small insect). I was \"cool\" until their father caught a giant beetle in the backyard.\n   I can make sure my children are safe. But I can't wire the TV so they can watch their favorite DVD.\n   I can carry my children in my arms when they are tired and kiss them goodnight. But I can't flip   them upside down so they can walk on the ceiling or put them on my shoulders so they can see the moths flying around the ceiling light.\n   I can take them to doctor's appointments, scout meetings, or to the aquarium . But I'll never go into the wilderness, stick a worm onto a hook, catch a fish, and cook it over an open flame.\nI'll sit in the first row of every sports game and cheer until my throat is painful. But I'll never teach my son how to hit a home run or slide into first base.\n    As a mother I can do a lot of things for my children. But no matter how hard I try, I can never be their father.", "id": "high17791.txt"}