{"answers": ["A", "D", "C", "D", "B"], "options": [["The Dodo lacked the ability to protect itself from other animals", "Sailors to the prefix = st1 /IslandofMauritiuslived mainly on the Dodo", "The Dodo used to be a strong animal that liked fighting", "The Dodo, pigs, monkeys and rats were the natives to the IslandofMauritius"], ["The Dodo, Rhino and Giant Panda.", "The Rhino, Whale and South China Tiger.", "The Rhino, Panda, Whale and Tiger.", "The Dodo and the Bali, Javan, and Caspian tigers."], ["The whale's rich oil", "The panda's black and white patched coat", "The Rhino horn and tigers' bones and organs", "The Dodo's delicious meat"], ["The number of South China tigers has reached crisis point.", "Many animals are threatened with extinction as a result of human activity.", "People hunt for the endangered animals for high profit.", "The Whale is the representing mark for the World Wildlife Fund."], ["What caused the animals to go extinct?", "Animal Conservation", "Extinct Animals", "Endangered Animals"]], "questions": ["It implies that   _  .", "Which group of the following animals has already ceased to exist according to the text?", "_   can serve as a cure for certain diseases.", "Which of the following statements is NOT true?", "What is the best title for the passage?"], "article": "Many animal and plant species have become extinct and many more are in critical danger. Finding ways to protect the earth's wildlife and conserve the natural world they inhabit is now more important than ever. \nDodo\nThe Dodo is a classic example of how human caused damage to the earth's biology. The flightless Dodo was native to the Island of Mauritius in the Indian Ocean. It lived off fruit fallen from the island's trees and lived unthreatened until humans arrived in 1505. The easily controlled bird became a source of food for sailors and was attacked by animals introduced to the island by humans such as pigs, monkeys and rats. The population of Dodos rapidly decreased and last one was killed in 1681. \nRhinos\nThe Rhino horn is a highly priced item for Asian medicine. This has led to the animal being hunted in its natural habitat. Once widespread in Africa and Eurasia, most rhinos now live in protected natural parks and reserves . Their numbers have rapidly decreased in the last 50 years, and the animals remain under constant threat from poachers . \nThe Giant Panda\nThe future of the World Wildlife Fund's symbol is far from certain. As few as 1000 remain in the wild. The Chinese government has set up 33 panda reserves to protect these beautiful animals and made poaching them punishable with 20 years in prison. However, The panda's distinct black and white patched coat fetches a high price on the black market and determined poachers still pose one of the most serious threats to the animals continued existence. \nWhales\nThe International Whaling Commission is fighting to ensure the survival of the whale species. Despite the fact that one-third the world's oceans have been declared whale sanctuaries , 7 out of 13 whale species remain endangered. Hunted for their rich supply of oil, their numbers have decreased to just 300. Collisions with ships, poisonous pollution and being caught in fishing nets are other major causes of whale deaths. \nTigers\nThe last 100 years has seen a 95% reduction in the numbers of remaining tigers to between 5000 and 7000 and the Bali, Javan, and Caspian tigers are already extinct. The South China tiger is precariously close to disappearing, with only 20 to 30 still alive. Like the Rhino horn, tigers' bones and organs are sought after for traditional Chinese medicines. These items are traded illegally along with tiger skins.", "id": "high17807.txt"}