{"answers": ["C", "C", "B", "A"], "options": [["To save money for her future career.", "To build a large building for more children to live in.", "To help build a church big enough for every child to go to.", "To remind people to make remarkable history."], ["He made the story known to the public by publishing it.", "He sold a land to the church for free.", "He offered the church a piece of land for 57 cents.", "He raised money for the church."], ["Church members donated because of their desire for a big church.", "The girl's unselfish love was rewarded at last.", "The pastor found 57 cents saved by the little girl.", "Temple Baptist Church, Temple University, Good Samaritan Hospital and a Sunday School building all belong to the small church the little girl went to."], ["57 Cents", "A little girl's wish", "Pastor and Girl", "A bigger Church"]], "questions": ["Why did the girl have a purse with 57 cents?", "How did a Realtor help the church?", "What can be inferred from the passage?", ". What's the best title of the passage?"], "article": "A sobbing little girl stood near a small church from which she had been turned away because it \"was too crowded.\" \"I can't go to Sunday School,\" she sobbed to the pastor   as he walked by. Seeing her shabby appearance, the pastor guessed the reason, and, taking her by the hand, took her inside and found a place for her in the Sunday School class. The child was so touched that she went to bed that night thinking of the children who have no place to worship Jesus.\nSome years later, this child lay dead in one of the poor buildings and the parents called for the kindhearted pastor, who had befriended their daughter, to handle the final arrangements. As her poor little body was being moved, a worn purse was found which seemed to have been picked up from some trash dump. Inside was found 57 cents and a note scribbled in childish handwriting which read, \"This is to help build the little church bigger so more children can go to Sunday School.\"\nFor two years she had saved for this offering of love. When the pastor tearfully read that note, he knew instantly what he would do. Carrying this note, he told people the story of her unselfish love and devotion.\nA newspaper learned of the story and published it. It was read by a Realtor who offered them a parcel of land worth many thousands. When told that the church could not pay so much, he offered it for 57 cents.\nChurch members made large donations. Checks came from far and wide. Within five years the little girl's gift had increased to $250,000, a huge sum for that time.\nWhen you are in the city of Philadelphia, look up Temple Baptist Church, with a seating capacity of 3,300 and Temple University, where hundreds of students are trained. Have a look, too, at the Good Samaritan Hospital and at a Sunday School building which houses hundreds of Sunday scholars, so that no child in the area will ever need to be left outside during Sunday school time.", "id": "high1782.txt"}