{"answers": ["B", "D", "B"], "options": [["be in color1", "be sent online", "be taken in 2014", "be taken in the USA"], ["should be native Americans", "can be professional photographers", "should be readers of The Washington Post", "can not be related to staff of The Washington Post"], ["Edited photos are not acceptable.", "Each participant can only submit one picture.", "The photo contest has been held over 20 times.", "By entering, participants lose the rights to their works."]], "questions": ["The photo for the contest must   _  .", "According to the passage, the participants   _  .", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?"], "article": "We are now accepting submissions for our 13th annual photo contest.\nAs always, we want creative and beautiful photos. The topic of travel is broad, so have some fun with it: Experiment with lighting, angles, subjects and composition.\nOne photo per person, and the photo should be taken since July 31, 2013. If you submit several entries, we will consider only the first photo received. Also, you may submit only an image that you have taken yourself.\nPlease submit clear photos online at wapo.st/travelshot. Include caption information and the date the photo was taken, plus your name, e-mail address and phone number. We promise that we will not publish your personal information online or in any other way.\nWe're looking for amateurs only; professional photographers (i.e., anyone who earns more than 50 percent of his or her annual income from photography) need not apply. Employees, officers, directors and representatives of The Washington Post, and their family members are not allowed to enter the contest.\nPlease do not submit images that have been greatly edited. It is acceptable to adjust images to achieve color1 balance that reflects the scene as you observed it. Cutting is also acceptable. The Washington Post keeps the right to disqualify  any image that it feels has been overly changed.\nThe deadline for entries is July 20, 2014. By entering, you give The Washington Post a license to use your photos, including to edit, publish, spread and republish them in any form. Photographers keep the rights to their images.\nThe winners will be determined by the Travel staff of The Washington Post and world-famous photography professionals invited. Only US residents can enter. The winning photos will be published on or around Aug 25.\nThe contest is subject to all federal, state and local laws. For complete rules and prize information, go to wapo.st/travelshotrules.\nNow, it is time to take out your camera and start shooting. Surprise us with your excellent works. Maybe you will be the winner!", "id": "high17821.txt"}