{"answers": ["D", "B", "C"], "options": [["More and more newly married couples like it.", "Honeymooning there is a standard for millions of newly married couples.", "Many nobles got married there.", "The natural setting, its unique history, and the various activities and attractions attract newlyweds."], ["It's less expensive than the other side.", "It provides a better view of both waterfalls.", "People can exchange their vows there while at the other side they can't.", "It combines old-fashioned romance with modern attractions."], ["Vice President Aaron Burr.", "French Prince Jerome Bonaparte.", "Theodosia Burr, the daughter of Aaron Burr.", "Hollywood star Marilyn Monroe."]], "questions": ["Why is Niagara Falls called the Honeymoon Capital of the World?", "Why do more married couples prefer the Canadian side of Niagara Falls?", "Who first made Niagara Falls connected with being a honeymoon destination?"], "article": "Honeymooning at Niagara Falls has become a standard for millions of newly married couples. In fact, Niagara Falls is often fondly called the Honeymoon Capital of the World. This title, however, did not happen overnight. There are various reasons that explain why so many people choose to get married surrounded by a waterfall backdrop. These reasons often include the wonderful natural setting, its unique history, and the inclusion of various activities and attractions that please newlyweds.\nThe Niagara Falls is the waterfalls and twin cities of the same name located on the Niagara River. The waterfalls are situated in the international border between the United States and Canada and are part of both countries. The United States part of the waterfall is in New York state, while the Canadian section is part of Ontario. Both waterfalls are further divided into two major sections: the American Falls, located on the American side, and the Horseshoe Falls, which lies mostly on the Canadian side.\nA number of tourists who have watched the rush of water falling down Niagara Falls have described the view using many terms, including magical, magnificent, and breathtaking. For many recently married couples, visiting the Canadian side of Niagara Falls is generally more popular, as it provides a better view of the rushing water of both waterfalls. Both sides, however, function as destination wedding sites and offer engaged couples the opportunity to exchange their vows  at various churches and gardens located within the area. Some couples, however, may prefer to get married on the Canadian side to receive a honeymoon certificate signed by the city's mayor. \nAnother reason why couples state that they choose to celebrate their weddings at Niagara Falls is the sense of history and nostalgia  associated with the area. The place first became connected with being a honeymoon destination in 1801, when Theodosia Burr, the daughter of Vice-president Aaron Burr, visited the region during her honeymoon. The French aristocracy  is also believed to have been early fans of honeymooning at the falls. In fact, French prince Jerome Bonaparte supposedly traveled to the Ontario side of Niagara Falls after his own wedding in 1804 to an American heiress.\nBy the early 1900s, Niagara Falls had claimed itself as the Honeymoon Capital and began to advertise as such. In the 21st century, some young couples choosing to honeymoon in the spot have stated that doing so was a chance to visit the same location previously enjoyed by their parents or even their grandparents. The fact that the destination may also be less expensive than some more exotic  wedding locations has also helped it attract a large number of visiting newlyweds each year.\nPart of the charm of honeymooning at Niagara Falls might be the natural attraction's ability to combine old-fashioned romance with more contemporary attractions. Newlyweds seeking more private and separated activities may enjoy restaurants featuring candlelight dinners and dancing, quiet picnic areas surrounded by the signs and smells of nature, or a scenic lighthouse tour. On the other hand, couples seeking adventurous activities might find it appealing to visit a casino , take boat or air tours, or stay at a resort hotel.", "id": "high17826.txt"}