{"answers": ["D", "A", "A", "C"], "options": [["ensure the safety of nuclear power", "overcome the resource crisis", "solve the pollution problem", "offer more working opportunities"], ["it is a limited source of energy", "it is harmful to the environment", "it is a danger to the human race", "it is an expensive source of energy"], ["it can meet the growing demand of energy in an industrially developing society", "it represents a big step forward in our scientific development", "it provides the best solution to mass unemployment", "it's easy to run a nuclear power station"], ["seek help from the public", "change previously expressed thoughts", "reflect the writer's attitude", "show the disadvantages of nuclear power"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, an increase in industrial production can_.", "According to the anti-nuclear group, nuclear energy has the following disadvantages EXCEPT that_.", "Some people claim that nuclear energy is necessary because_.", "The function of the last sentence is to_."], "article": "It is often claimed that nuclear energy is something we cannot do without. We live in a consumer society, where there is a huge demand for commercial products of all kinds. Moreover, an increase in industrial production is considered to be one solution to the problem of mass unemployment. Such an increase needs an abundant and cheap energy supply. Many people believe that nuclear energy is endless and economical. There are a number of other advantages in the use of nuclear energy. Firstly, nuclear power, except for accidents, is clean. A further advantage is that a nuclear power station can be run by  ly few technical and managing staff. The nuclear power station represents a large step in our scientific research and, whatever the anti-nuclear group says, it is wrong to expect a return to more primitive sources of fuel. \nHowever, those who disagree with nuclear energy point out that nuclear power stations bring a direct threat not only to the environment but also to the human race. Furthermore, it is doubtful whether finally nuclear power is a cheap source of energy. There have, for example, been very costly accidents in prefix = st1 /AmericaandRussia. The possibility of increases in the cost of uranium   and the cost to ensure its safety could price nuclear power out of the market. In the long run, environmentalists argue, nuclear energy may bring about the destruction of the human race. Thus, if we wish to survive, we cannot afford nuclear energy. Though nuclear energy programmes are expanding, which assumes a continual growth in industrial production and consumer demands. It is doubtful whether this growth will or can continue. \nHaving weighed up the arguments on both sides, it seems there are good economic and environmental reasons for sources of energy other than nuclear power.", "id": "high17851.txt"}