{"answers": ["A", "A", "B"], "options": [["Tom, an athletic freshman", "Lucy, a second-year student", "Jack, a second-year student", "Rose, a first-year student"], ["More than one survey has been done.", "Only 7% of the seniors have cheated on an exam.", "It seems that more and more undergraduates admit to cheating.", "Students are more likely to cheat in their senior year."], ["They want to wake up the cheating students.", "There was a cheating scandal at the university.", "Cheating has become more commonplace.", "The faculty recognized and yet ignored cheating."]], "questions": ["Of the following university students, who is most likely to cheat?", "According to Para. 4 and Para. 5, which of the following statements can be inferred?", "Why did The Harvard Crimson conduct the survey?"], "article": "The survey by The Harvard Crimson was emailed to incoming first-year undergraduates; 1,600 students responded. Results showed that at least a tenth of the students polled admitted to having cheated on an exam before staring at the university, while almost half admitted to cheating on their homework.\nAthletes were apparently the most prone to cheating. 20 percent of students who played a university sport admitted to cheating on an exam compared to 9 percent of students who did not.\nThe survey also revealed that men were not only more likely to cheat but were also more likely to admit to it.\nThe results, compared to a previous survey done on the class of 2013, suggested that cheating may be becoming more commonplace. Of the outgoing seniors only 7 percent admitted to cheating on an exam and another 7 percent said they had been dishonest on a take-home test. 32 percent of the seniors said they had cheated on homework during their undergraduate years.\nThe survey come in the wake of a cheating scandal at the university which saw 120 students investigated for sharing answers on an exam in 2022. One recent graduate stated:\" Cheating was commonplace when I was at Harvard, especially with students in their first year or two. I would say as many as 60 percent of students took notes into some exams. No one really cared and the faculty, will some of them at least, seemed to recognize and yet ignore the problem. \"\nIn an email to NBC news, Jeff Neal, a Harvard representative, explained that a committee, made up of faculty, staff and students had been established to tackle cheating, which \"is a national problem in American education\".", "id": "high17855.txt"}