{"answers": ["A", "C", "C", "A"], "options": [["those who enjoy arts have better jobs and higher salaries", "those who don't enjoy arts have good jobs and high salaries", "those who likes arts are difficult to find jobs", "those who don't enjoy arts can't find jobs"], ["Drawing ability.", "Music ability.", "Reasoning ability.", "Learning ability."], ["Friendship.", "Family.", "Nature.", "Reading."], ["see things from different points of view", "deal with problems worse than others", "be difficult to comminute with others", "prefer to stay at home rather than go out"]], "questions": ["The result of the recent British study was that  _  .", "What skill of the students studying the arts can help with problem-solving?", "What are Li Bai's poems about?", "If a person enjoys arts, he or she may   _  ."], "article": "A recent British study examined the salaries  and jobs of people who spent time enjoying the arts when growing up. They found those who enjoyed the arts from an early age had better jobs and higher salaries than those who didn't.\nWhat's the link ?How could visiting a museum, enjoying a symphony ,or improving painting skills lead to career  success?\nOther studies have found that students who study the arts exercise their reasoning  ability. This skill helps with problem-solving. Creative and critical-thinking abilities are also developed through art study. When faced with a real-life challenge ,these skills can be put to good use.\nThe best kind of art excites our imagination and makes us think. Paintings aren't just pretty pictures. They tell stories about the experience of the painter. See Michelangelo's  art, and you will taste the power of his faith in God. Look at the world from Picasso's point of view, and you see everyday life in new ways. In Shakespeare's plays you'll find lessons about character and morality .Chinese poet Li Bai brings the wonder of nature's beauty to every reader.\nThe arts show and explain the world beyond our own personal knowledge. When we look beyond ourselves, we can appreciate the experience of people from different walks of life. The arts help develop the ability to see things from many different points of view. These things will help us better communicate and cooperate with other people.", "id": "high17866.txt"}