{"answers": ["C", "C", "B"], "options": [["tell us slim people are more likely to die young", "show how successful an overweight person can be", "prove overweight people are not necessarily unhealthy", "encourage people not to care much about their way of living"], ["Favorable", "Uncaring", "Disapproving", "Friendly"], ["A government report", "A popular science magazine", "A website about losing weight", "A book about famous people"]], "questions": ["By mentioning Winston Churchill, the author wants to   _  .", "What is the author's attitude towards the American Medical Association's    declaration on obesity?", "Where can we probably find the text?"], "article": "Last week the American Medical Association voted, for the first time, to declare obesity  a disease. How should the rest of us respond? When we meet obese people, should we cast them a knowing glance of concern and ask how they are doing? Should we send flowers and \"get well soon\" cards to obese family members and friends? \nShould the U.S. declare war on obesity, as we once did on cancer? \nIf obesity truly is a disease, then over 78 million adults and 12 million children in America just got classified as sick. Yet many sensible people know that declaring obesity a disease is a mistake. Simply put, obesity is not a disease. To be sure, it is a risk factor for some diseases. \nYet everyone who is obese does not get sick, and many normal-weight people do not stay healthy. I have known slim people who took good care of themselves throughout their lives yet fell ill and died young. Others who exhibited no particular interest in their health and did not watch their weight lived to an old age. In most cases, we simply cannot tell from a person's weight what lies ahead for them in life. Consider Winston Churchill. Though average in height, Churchill weighed up to 250 pounds. He smoked cigars and drank  ly heavily. He did not work out. Yet he became perhaps the most important statesmen of the 20th century and one of the greatest politicians in history. He lived to age 90.\nIs obesity bad for people? For some, especially patients who are extremely overweight, the answer is almost certainly yes. Would many overweight people benefit from exercising more and eating less? Again, the answer is likely yes. But this does not make obesity a disease. Many people are not harmed by carrying extra pounds, some may actually benefit from it. For these reasons, we should be careful before labeling obese people diseased.", "id": "high17875.txt"}