{"answers": ["C", "B", "A"], "options": [["A person likes to tell others his achievements", "A person goes fishing every day instead of going to work", "A person often overestimates his ability", "A person talks without noticing others' reaction"], ["he exaggerates his ability", "he is likely to have a communication problem", "he is unwilling to know the result of his exam", "he usually doesn't know what is wrong with his mind"], ["communication flows heavily in one way", "communication is a two-way exchanges", "a receiver reacts to the sender in their own way", "a person doesn't have to emphasize a receiver's response"]], "questions": ["Which of following considered to be a psychological noise?", "When a person is upset   _  .", "The linear view holds that   _  ."], "article": "Psychological noise refers to forces within a communicator that interfere with the ability to express or understand a message exactly. For instance, an outdoor person might overstate the size and number of the fish he caught in order to convince himself and others of his talents. In the same way, a student might become so upset upon learning that she failed a test that she would be unable ( Perhaps \" unwilling\" is a better word) to understand clearly where she went wrong. Indeed, psychological noise is a very important communication problem.\n  But the linear model, despite its advantages, suggests that communication flows in one direction, from sender to receiver. Although some types of messages ( printed and broadcast messages, for example) do flow in a one-way, linear manner, most types of communication, especially the interpersonal variety are two-way exchanges. To put it differently, the linear view ignores the fact that receivers react to massages by sending other messages of their own.\n  Consider, for example, the meaning of a friend's yawn as you describe your romantic problems. Or imagine the hot face you may see as you tell one of your dirty jokes to a new friend. Nonverbal behaviors like these show that most face-to-face communication is a two-way affair. The discernible  response of a receiver to sender's massage is called feedback. Not all feedback is nonverbal, of course. Sometimes it is oral, as when you ask an instructor questions about an upcoming test or volunteer your opinion of a friend's new haircut. In other cases it is written, as when you answer the questions on a midterm exam or respond to a letter from a faraway friend.", "id": "high17880.txt"}