{"answers": ["B"], "options": [["Doubtful.", "Supportive.", "Worried.", "Changing."]], "questions": ["What is the author's attitude towards walking school bus?"], "article": "About ten days ago, I started to write an article on a parenting subject. I wish I could publish  it. But in the days between the writing and the publishing, an unfortunate thing happened. My article discussing the lost art of walking to school was finished three days before an 8-year-old boy named Leiby Kletzky in Brooklyn tried to walk home for the first time from his summer camp.\n    Today I will not describe the details around the Leiby Kletzky killing, except to point out the obvious fact that it terrified every parent who heard about it. What happened this week is one of the biggest reasons why so few kids walk to school now. \n  In theory, walking to school is a wonderful habit, which can teach children independence, introduce them to their neighborhoods and encourage physical activity. It's better for the environment, eases traffic and is just generally the most fun choice. \n  However, many of us parents don't allow the habit, mentioning the problems of logistics and distance. What we talk about less often is our fear. Maybe that's the heart of the matter. Indeed, it is an understandable reaction. But it is not a necessary one. What happened this week is extremely rare. \n  Separating out the fact from the feelings is a difficult thing to do. Very few of us were ready to breathe easy about sending our young children off by themselves no matter what happened. We are far more worried now. \n  The good news is that we don't have to be. Those children who go to school by themselves can be escorted when the neighborhood forms a \"walking school bus\". That's when designated parents walk with groups of children from home to school. With the benefit of safety, it allows kids to enjoy one of the joys of childhood. It's an easy, affordable choice. \n  A walking school bus is a good idea that parents thought of. Proper measures are usually out there. Sometimes all they take is a little cooperation and some courage.", "id": "high17892.txt"}