{"answers": ["D", "A", "B"], "options": [["It is located in Long Island", "Most of its students are white now.", "Its name was changed in 1959 and 2007.", "The Daughters of the Confederacy chose its name"], ["hate", "doubt", "pity", "unconcern"], ["sign a petition.", "report a petition.", "support a petition", "organize a petition."]], "questions": ["What can we learn about Nathan Bedford Forrest High School?", "Omotayo Richmond's attitude towards Daughters of the Confederacy might be that of   _", "The author writes this passage mainly to   _  ."], "article": "A petition on change.org with some 75000 signatures  is asking a Florida school district to change the name of a high school that is named after Nathan Bedford Forrest, a founding member of the original Ku Klux Klan. The KKK was a secret American political organization of white men who opposed people of other races or religions. \nAccording to Marsha Oliver chief of communications for the Duval County School District, it doesn't matter how many people sign the petition because the process for changing a school's name is community-based and the final decision is up to the school board .\nThe school board was asked by the School Advisory Council in April 2007 to change the name but the board voted 5-2 against it. Its membership has changed since then.\nThe school was named after Forrest when it opened with white students only in 1959, a name suggestion that came from an organization called Daughters of the Confederacy. Now, more than half of the school's students are African-American.\nThe change.org petition was drawn up by a man named Omotaya Richamond, who wrote the following to explain his action:\n   I moved to Jacksonville from Long Island 12 years ago. Since then, I have put down roots here. I have helped raise a beautiful daughter here. This place is my home now.\n   Jacksonville is home to Nathan Bedford Forrest High School, named in honor of a founding member of the original Ku Klux Klan. I don't want my daughter, or any student, going to a school with such a name.\n   Five years ago, the school board voted 5-2 to keep the name. But a lot has changed in five years. All five members who voted for Nathan Bedford Forrest High School have been replaced. There is a new school superintendent who publicly stated that he would support a push from our community to change the name. Now is the time to correct a historical wrong. African-American Jacksnville students shouldn't have to attend a high school named for someone who killed and terrorize their ancestors one more school year. \n   Please support changing the name today.", "id": "high17912.txt"}