{"answers": ["C", "D", "B"], "options": [["who are not bright but are good-looking", "who are rich but are strict with themselves", "who are talented for some area but lead an improper life", "who are perfect in all areas"], ["who are rich and wear the latest fashion clothes", "who can express people's feelings", "whose personal life is good", "who work for the interests of the people"], ["He understands it.", "He criticizes it.", "He is angry about it.", "He is uninterested in it."]], "questions": ["From the passage, we know that the heroes the American youth admire are those  _  .", "According to the writer,people should admire those  _  .", "What is the writer's attitude  towards American youth's admiration?"], "article": "Every country has its heroes. The heroes are the people the nation and especially the young people admire. If you get a list of the heroes of a nation,it will tell you the potential of that nation. \nToday in prefix = st1 /America,if you ask the high school students to list their heroes,their choice would probably fall into three groups. The first group of heroes would be the rock stars--the people connected with rock music. There is no doubt that such people do have talent but one wonders if one should hold up rock stars as a model. The rock stars too often are mixed with drugs and their personal life is not all that good. The rock stars are rich and wear the latest fashion styles. However,one should seek more in a hero than such things as money and good clothes. \nA second type of hero for the American youth is the sports star. Again you have a person who has a great ability in one area-sports. However,too often the personal life of the sports star is a bit of a disorder. Too frequently drugs and drinking are a part of life of the sports star. \nA third type of hero is the TV or movie star. This person may have lots of acting talent and is quite handsome. However,the personal life of too many actors is quite sad and they should not be held up as a model of young people. Today,the rock star,the athlete,and the actor all have become the models of the youth in America. Really,do you hear a young person say that his hero is a doctor,a teacher,or a scientist?These people are not rich and do not wear fashionable clothes. However,they are talented people who work hard to make the world a better place for everyone.\nWhat is really sad is that the young try to imitate  their heroes. They like to wear the same clothes and  follow their styles. If the heroes of today for the American young people are limited only to rock stars,athletes and actors,the future does not look too bright.", "id": "high17915.txt"}