{"answers": ["B", "D", "B"], "options": [["praise some customs in China", "question a social practice", "show how to regift", "tell an embarrassing story"], ["Americans often regift things on holidays.", "Regifting can hardly be seen in China.", "It is comfortable to be seen to regift in America.", "It is acceptable to regift some traditional items in China."], ["an expensive gift from a close friend", "a gift given again by a friend", "some items such as tea and cigarettes", "a box of mooncakes from Hong Kong"]], "questions": ["This article is written to_.", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?", "The author thinks it really uncomfortable to receive_."], "article": "Last week at a friend's birthday party, there was a mooncake eating contest and I persuaded my good friend Jonathan to take part in it. Even though he had just finished a big dinner, he managed to win the contest. Not only did he win a bottle of nice whiskey, but also a big box of expensive Hong Kong mooncakes. A few days later, I was hosting an opening party for my new office. Jonathan showed up with the lovely box of Hong Kong mooncakes he had won the other night. I thought it was a lovely joke, and the mooncakes were delicious. Still, it got me thinking about the concept of regifting in prefix = st1 /China.\nIn the States, we have a tradition around Christmas similar to giving mooncakes, only we call them fruitcakes. Fruitcakes are made from terrible preserved   fruit and nobody likes to eat them. You often find your friends giving the fruitcake you gave them to someone else, and so on. But fruitcakes aside, it isn't very often to catch someone regifting something in America, as it's seen to be very cheap and embarrassing  . An obvious way to tell if something has been regifted is to check the wrapping  .\nHowever, many of my friends in Chinawill proudly regift an old gift, especially if it is still wrapped in a pretty box. I find it somewhat uncomfortable to receive a gift that I know wasn't bought for me. But I also understand that the gift is perfectly good, it just lacks the special meaning of being picked out by a friend. There are many occasions in Chinese culture when gifts are necessary. There are traditional items such as tea, cigarettes and liquor which seem fine to regift. These gifts are not personal and have no special meaning. But is it really proper to give someone something that was never bought for them in the first place?", "id": "high17922.txt"}