{"answers": ["B", "A", "B", "D"], "options": [["they feel smooth and soft", "they use electricity as power", "they can be washed in water", "they are made from flexible materials"], ["Body heat will be used as power.", "The wearer will not get shocked.", "A tiny nine-volt battery will work.", "They will get charged automatically."], ["The cloth keyboard.", "The electronic ski jacket.", "The necktie to be used as a mouse.", "The denim jacket with earphones."], ["to advertise for an English company", "to predict the future trend of science", "to show how rapidly science develops", "to introduce some intelligent clothing"]], "questions": [". The electronic garments are similar to other electronic devices in that   _  .", ". How will researchers improve these high-tech clothes?", ". If you are going on a ski adventure, which device do you need?", ". The main purpose of the text is   _  ."], "article": "Clothes can make phone calls, play music, dial your pal's number, keep you warm during cold weather and operate your computer?\nThis is not a fantasy. A British company, called Electrotextiles, has created a wide range of clothes -- clothes that have minds of their own! Scientists, working for the company, have invented a kind of fabric that can be blended  with flexible electronic materials to create intelligent clothing. The result are electronic garments.\nIf you think the wearer has to be wired to different devices, think again. These designer clothes are wire-free, soft to touch and washable!! Like any electronic device, these high-tech clothes have to be powered. Currently, a tiny nine-volt battery serves the purpose. But the researchers hope that in the near future the clothes will generate electricity by using body heat. These clothes are 100 percent shock proof, they say.\nThe Electrotextiles team has also created the world's first cloth keyboard. This keyboard can be sewn into your trousers or skirt. To use this device, you will have to sit down and tap on your lap! These 'lap- tap' gadgets  are all set to take over laptop computers!\nAnother useful garment is the shirt-cum-mobile phone. This handy invention enables drivers to chat comfortably with others at the wheel! Other popular electronic wear include the denim  jacket with flexible earphones sewn into the hood  and the electronic ski jacket with a built-in heater. The ski jacket is also programmed to send signals to a satellite. This technology is known as global positioning system and can be used to track lost skiers and wandering kids.\nHaving completed the cloth keyboard, scientists have already started to work on a new project--a necktie that can be used as a computer mouse. What is the next? Do you have any idea?", "id": "high1792.txt"}