{"answers": ["A", "C"], "options": [["making an appointment with a good dentist", "learning something about dental health", "admitting your dental fear", "asking advice from other people"], ["Avoid telling your fear and hesitation", "Listen carefully to the assistant's advice", "Ask someone to accompany you", "Avoid showing any attitude towards the dentists"]], "questions": ["You can start the process of overcoming dental fear after  _  .", "What should you do when you first visit a dentist?"], "article": "Having a dental fear is a common problem. Learning to overcome your fear of the dentist is possible with a little determination and guidance. It is worthwhile to overcome the issue as healthy teeth might help you be healthy physically and spiritually.\nAdmission\nAdmitting you have a fear is the first step in overcoming dental fear. When you acknowledge your fear, you can start the process. Dentistry has come a long way over the years. The anesthetics are improved, the techniques are of higher quality and dental offices have a better understanding of these issues you are concerned and all these can help you overcome it.\nResearch\nSpeak to family and friends about your fear. Be open and honest about your issues and get feedback from them regarding their dental experiences. You can contact your local Dental Society and express your concerns. Another good approach is to simply call dental offices and get useful information from the front office staff.\nFirst visit\nMost dental offices schedule your first visit by a dental assistant. This gives you a chance to ease into the situation. Do not hesitate to express your fear and hesitation. Pay attention to what the assistant says. It can be very useful and it can gently guide you to a new attitude towards dentists.\nRelaxation techniques\nThere are many things you can do to relax yourself. Slow, steady, deep breathes are keys to relax properly. Another aid in relaxation is to bring your iPod to play some relaxing music while you are in the dental chair. Music is a wonderful tool to use and is a helpful distraction .\n Facing your fear and making the first dental appointment are necessary for your health. Ignoring your dental health because of your fear will only worsen the issues and cause you to have serious dental problems.", "id": "high17930.txt"}