{"answers": ["A", "A", "C"], "options": [["Diet", "Appearance", "Reproduction", "Hunting"], ["Great White Sharks have teeth that act like saws.", "Great White Sharks only live up to 40 years.", "Most sharks can reach lengths of 22 feet.", "Most sharks are gray or bluish below and white above."], ["News", "Entertainment", "Nature", "Pets"]], "questions": ["Which aspect is not mentioned in the passage?", "Which of the following is true?", "Which category does the passage most probably belong to?"], "article": "The great white shark is the largest shark and is probably the most well-known and feared shark. The great white shark is gray or bluish above and white below. The largest Great Whites can reach lengths of 22 feet and weigh up to 5,000 pounds. The Great White has massive teeth, which are positioned in rows. When the Great White attacks, it bites its prey and shakes its head back and forth. The serrated teeth act as a saw and literally tear the victim apart. Actually the Great White Shark often swallows many of its own teeth in an attack.\nGreat Whites employ several hunting skills depending on the prey. Most of the time, the shark will remain still underwater before attacking its prey from underneath. In the case of hunting some kinds of seals, the impact of the shark is so powerful that it knocks both the shark and the seal clear out of the water. With larger prey such as elephant seals, the shark will simply take a huge bite out of it and wait for it to bleed to death. When hunting dolphins, the shark will attack from above, to avoid detection from the dolphin's echolocation.\nInterestingly, a Great White Shark has never been observed giving birth. However, pregnant females have been caught. The Great White Shark is known to be ovoviviparous. Females give birth to eight or nine pups that are already about five feet in length upon birth, which is different from other egg-laying animals.\nDespite the fear of Great White Sharks, at least in part generated by Steven Spielberg's 1975 movie, Jaws, Great White Sharks do not target humans as prey. Most attacks are attributed to mistaken identity. Sharks can easily mistake humans for seals. Many human injuries caused by Great White Sharks are cases of test-biting. If a shark is unsure about a floating object, it often gives it test bite to determine what kind of object it is. While such bites do little damage to buoys  and other objects, they obviously can cause serious damage on the human body.", "id": "high17944.txt"}