{"answers": ["A", "C"], "options": [["comfortable and safe", "made of children's hair", "made by Locks of Love", "offered to children for free"], ["lives a difficult life", "has often been laughed at", "is a warm-hearted woman", "is still suffering from alopecia"]], "questions": ["According to the text, the hairpieces are   _  .", "We learn from the text that Madonna Coffman   _  ."], "article": "Imagine being bald  and walking into class at school. You escape to the back row but see other students pointing at you and talking about you. You feel embarrassed. After school, you run home to avoid talking to anyone.\nSome medical problems cause people to lose their hair. This can be embarrassing for adults, but for children it is even worse. They often feel bad about themselves, and other children laugh at them.\nIn her 20s, Madonna Coffman developed alopecia, a skin disease that causes hair loss. She recovered after a few years, but 15 years later, her 4-year-old daughter developed alopecia. Her daughter's feelings encouraged Coffman to make Locks of Love a non-profit   organization.\nLocks of Love provides hairpieces for children who lose their hair for medical reasons. Children from poor families receive hairpieces for free or at prices their families can afford. The organization hopes to increase the children's confidence and help them enjoy a more normal life.\nThe hairpieces are made of hair donated by ordinary people. They grow their hair long, cut off at least 10 inches of it and mail it to Locks of Love. Locks of Love then sends the hair to the company that makes hairpieces. The organization says that 80% of those who give their hair are children who want to help other children.\nThe hairpieces are easy to wear and fit the wearer's head very well. No one except the children who wear the hairpieces can take them off. This lets the children run, play and swim without worrying about the hairpiece falling off. And other children won't be able to pull the hairpiece off either.\nThese hairpieces do more than change how the children look. They help kids to enjoy their childhood. The children can join in activities, make friends and face each day with confidence. Locks of Love allows kids to be kids again.", "id": "high17953.txt"}