{"answers": ["B", "D", "C", "B", "A"], "options": [["They have to take long bus rides to school.", "They are usually under Grade 9.", "They receive money from their government.", "They do well in traditional schools."], ["They will take the place of traditional schools in the future.", "They waste a lot of money and will do damage to the students.", "They are the solution to the students who do not like to go to school.", "They have brought great convenience to the students."], ["Their equipment costs a lot of money.", "They get little support from the state government.", "It is hard to know students' progress in learning.", "The students can only have a halfday schedule."], ["they are less expensive for students", "their students can work at their own speed", "their graduates are more successful in society", "they serve students in a wider age range"], ["unprejudiced in his description of cyberschools", "excited about the future of cyberschools", "doubtful about the quality of cyberschools", "disappointed at the development of cyberschools"]], "questions": ["What do we know from the text about students of a cyberschool?", "What are educators' opinions about cyberschools?", "What is a problem with cyberschools?", "Cyberschools are getting popular because     .", "We can infer that the author of the text is     ."], "article": "If you are not comfortable with school learning, there is another option for you--cyberschool. Cyberschool can also provide a comprehensive teaching service that offers academic guidance and assistance. This is in order to promote the learning process and create a formal, wellstructured environment for learning to take place. The center for Education Reform says the United States has 67 public \"cyberschools\" and that is about twice as many as two years ago. \nThe money for students to attend a cyberschool comes from the governments of the states where they live. Some educators say cyberschools receive money that should support traditional public schools. They also say it is difficult to know if students are learning well. Other educators praise this new form of education for letting students work at their own speed. These people say cyberschools help students who were unhappy or unsuccessful in traditional schools. They say learning at home by computer ends long bus rides for children who live far from school. Whatever the judgment of cyberschools, they are getting more and more popular. \nChildren get free equipment for their online education. This includes a computer, a printer, books and technical services. Parents and students talk with teachers by telephone or by sending emails through their computers when necessary.\nEven though cyberschools are therefore not technically a school, mostly they offer a fully complete and comprehensive program that covers a full school day to children up to Grade 9, after which schooling is no longer mandatory .", "id": "high17954.txt"}