{"answers": ["B", "D", "B"], "options": [["is good at business", "is lack of cautiousness", "has good selfdiscipline", "has a good sense of marketing"], ["she is a shy and quiet girl with great dreams", "she is a mysterious girl with so many secrets", "she is ambitious and always focuses on her goals", "she is untalented and she shouldn't be thought highly of"], ["a little knowledge is a dangerous thing", "a little money well spent can achieve a lot", "confidence is the first step on the road to success", "if you want knowledge, you must work hard for it"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, we know that Monty is a child who     .", "Previously, the  s' general view on Julia is that     .", "From Julia's story, we know that     ."], "article": "Every month, Julia and her cousins would go to visit their grandparents. They would be excited because their grandfather would give them a few coins. Then they would buy toys and sweets. The grandparents commented that, behaving like this, the children would never learn to manage their money. So they planned a special test, in which the children would have to show, over the course of a year, just what they could manage to get with those few coins.\nSome thought that they would save their money, but Rubin and Nico continued spending it all on sweets. So they give up saving.\nMonty decided to manage his money by exchanging it: buying and selling things, or bettering it with others. Soon he surprised the whole family. He had accumulated lots of money. However, Monty was not very careful, and he got involved in more and more risky deals. A few months later he became penniless after a losing bet.\nAlex, had a will of iron. He saved the money and at the end of the year he had collected more money than anyone. Even better, with so much money, he had managed to buy sweets at a reduced price, so that on the day of the competition he was presented with enough sweets for more than a year. And even then, he still had enough left for a toy. He was the clear winner, and other children learnt the advantages of knowing how to save and how to wait.\nThere was also Julia. Poor Julia didn't enjoy the competition because even though she had a wonderful secret plan, she had spent her money without giving her plan enough time to work. However, she was so sure that her plan was a good one, that she decided to carry on with it, and maybe change the expressions on her  s' faces, who had seemed to be saying \"What a disaster that girl is. She couldn't manage to save anything.\"\nWhen she was about to complete the second year of her plan, Julia surprised everyone by turning up at the grandparents' house with a violin and a lot of money. She did it very well.", "id": "high17955.txt"}