{"answers": ["B", "C", "D", "B"], "options": [["it can offer children lots of kinds of games", "it is helpful for their high school education", "it can help children learn things", "it can help children grow up healthily"], ["students used to have various means of learning besides school texts", "in the past students depended too much on their teachers", "children can receive quality education in modern preschools", "education in preschools is not necessary for growing children"], ["be strict with the children when educating them", "send the children home after school", "treat the children exactly in their parents' way", "care for children's health as well as their studies"], ["tell teachers in preschools how to teach properly", "encourage parents to send their children to preschools", "help students know how to learn well in preschools", "help parents develop an interest in children's learning"]], "questions": ["According to the text, preschool education is important mainly because   _  .", "In the text, we are told that   _  .", "Preschool teachers should   _  .", "The author writes this text mainly to   _  ."], "article": "Parents should send their children to preschools   which combine learning with entertainment and fun. It's important that parents educate their children right from their early childhood days. Preschool education is always important for children since it prepares them with patience and dedication  for accepting their high school education later. Many growing children become dissatisfied with school. They only enjoy playing all day at home before their parents. Modern preschools provide quality training to children where learning goes along with fun and entertainment. The days have gone by when students received education only through school texts, with little attention paid to what was being taught. In recent times, numerous preschools have come up with wonderful methods that help attract students to learn. Do not expect your children to give up playing for learning, as children will never do so. Rather, you should ensure that your children will be educated while having fun by admitting them to a modern preschool. Before you send your children to any preschool, the first thing you should do is find out much information on the school. Quality education in any preschool is necessary for growing children. Only preschools of a good reputation attach importance to entertainment in education. Preschool teachers have to be friendly with children. They need to make your children feel at home and completely relaxed while they're receiving education. It is an equally good idea to check if the preschool takes care of children's health needs. Teachers need to be like second parents to children.", "id": "high17968.txt"}