{"answers": ["A", "B", "D", "A"], "options": [["By keeping each slide short and plain.", "By using flashy images and much text.", "By using more than one line of text per bullet.", "By using more than one image to show your idea."], ["To describe your ideas clearly.", "To reinforce your brand's image.", "To make a contrast with new images.", "To make investors remember your ideas."], ["looks down at notes from time to time", "takes a break in the process of presenting", "keeps his presentation beyond 20 minutes", "catches the audience's imagination and attention"], ["Four Tips for a Great PowerPoint Presentation", "The Importance of a PowerPoint Presentation", "The Benefits of Using a PowerPoint Presentation", "The Proper Occasion for a PowerPoint Presentation"]], "questions": ["How can you make a presentation slide not too complicated?", "Why should you use the same color1 schemes, fonts, and logos in your presentation?", "According to the passage, a good presenter always   _  .", "What can be the best title for this passage?"], "article": "All presentations should include the beginning, the middle, and the end. The first part of your presentation should always present the problem. The middle of the presentation should present your key findings. By the end of the presentation, your audience should have a better understanding of the solution.\nLess is more.\nThere's a tendency to make a presentation slide excessively complicated with flashy images, strange transitions, and too much text. These features are often unnecessary, and tend to make the viewers get bored. Instead, keep each slide short and plain, using one image to sell your idea. Using bullets   is a bit of a cliche  , but if you must use them, never exceed   more than one line of text per bullet.\nBranding is the key.\nWhether you're stating a new business idea to investors or describing a new product to customers, you'll want your presentation to reinforce your brand's image. Use the same color1 schemes, fonts  , and logos that you use on your website or company literature. There's an assumption of what a Power Point is supposed to look like, and company standards falls through the floor.\nGive them a break.\nAccording to a recent research, the average adult attention span for a presentation is just 20 minutes. It's always best to keep your presentation short and to the point, but if you must exceed the recommended 20 minutes, try giving your audience a moment to relax. \"You can extend attention spans by giving your audience a rest,\" the study says. This can be done by telling a story, giving a demo, or doing something else that gives the brain a break.\nPractice it again and again.\nIn the end, a great presentation will come down to the speaker's ability to capture the audience's imagination and keep their attention. The presentation and the speaker should work together and they can be complementary   to each other. The best presenters won't have to look down at the notes and will never be reading from a script. A good speaker can focus on the key points and convey information well.", "id": "high17981.txt"}