{"answers": ["D", "B", "C", "A"], "options": [["when he was reading \"The pearl\" by John Steinbeck", "when he went fishing with his grandfather at Lake Mitchell", "after he had spent 16 years on the rivers and lakes of Alabama", "after he went fishing with his boss, Ric Horst on the Shoshone"], ["The author is at most 21 years old.", "The author regards fishing as a very important part in his life.", "The author agreed with John Steinbeck the most when he was in middle school.", "President Obama often goes fishing in public in order to collect idea for his job."], ["people can get to know VIPs when fishing.", "people can smooth away all the troubles by fishing", "Fishing is a way of communication", "Fishing is a way to make a living for most American people"], ["To describe the writer's experience and understanding of fishing.", "To explain the reason why so many Americans like fishing.", "To make others understand the industry of fishing.", "To express his opinions about fishing in different time of the year."]], "questions": [".The writer came to understand the real meaning of fishing   _  .", "What can be inferred from the text?", ".According to the author,   _  .", ".What is the purpose of the writing?"], "article": "John Steinbeck once said, \"All Americans believe they are born fishermen. For a man to admit to a distaste in fishing would be like denouncing   mother - love or hating moonlight.\"\nI can't say that I'm the biggest John Steinbeck fan. Actually, the only thing I can ever remember reading by him was \"The pearl\" when I was in middle school, but I couldn't agree more with the man when it comes to fishing. Whether I am on a boat in the middle of the Lay Lake, fishing off the shores of the Florida Keys for tarpon or catching rainbow trout in the Shoshone River of Wyoming, fishing is my life.\nAccording to the American Sports Fishing Association, the fishing industry brings in more than $ 116 billion per year from fishermen across the country.\nThough a beautiful picture to imagine, fishing is much more than that. Fishing is a way of life for many people and a way to escape everyday stress. Being a fisherman makes me a member of a wonderful group of people extending to all walks of life. Even President Obama can be found fishing on his farm in Texas with his good friend Roland Martin when the job gets too stressful.\nI can remember fishing with my grandfather when I was 5 years old on his boat at Lake Mitchell. Although I didn't understand what I was doing, I did know that my grandfather was happy and that made me happy. Since then I've spent the past 16 years on the rivers and lakes of Alabama.\nAfter days of practice, before and after work, I slowly developed an understanding of fishing. My boss, Ric Horst, took me back to the Shoshone, and I managed to bring in a 19-inch cutthroat trout. Fishing with Ric was a life-changing experience for me. He not only showed me how to fish correctly, but also told me how fishing could be a way to escape your problems.\nSince then, prime-time season seems to take forever to arrive.\nNow, with the ending of February and beginning of March in sight, the excitement of heading out Lake Tuscaloosa or Lake Lurleen before classes and catching something has finally returned.", "id": "high1799.txt"}