{"answers": ["B", "A", "D", "A"], "options": [["save drowning people out of water", "give first aid to drowning people", "do mouth-to-mouth breathing", "bring a drowning child back to life"], ["get him breathing again", "take him to the nearest hospital", "find someone to help you", "call the prefix = st1 /FirstAidCenter"], ["pressing his chin upwards is enough to get him breathing again", "blowing air into his mouth can surely save his life", "pressing his nostrils together with your fingers can work", "pressing is the last possibility to save his life"], ["If a drowning man can't breathe again in four minutes, his brain will be completely destroyed.", "If you see someone drowning, you must give him mouth-to -mouth breathing.", "When you bring a drowning child back to life, you should give him as many breaths as possible.", "When pressing, you can do it as hard as you can."]], "questions": ["This passage is mainly about how to_.", "Once you get a drowning person out of water, if he isn't breathing, you must_first.", "If a drowning child has no pulse,_.", "Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage?"], "article": "If you see someone drowning, speed is very important. Once you get him out of water, if he isn't breathing, you have four minutes before his brain is completely destroyed. Support his neck, tilt his head back and press his chin upwards. This stops the tongue blocking the airway in the throat and is sometimes enough to get him breathing again.\nIf that doesn't work, start mouth-to-mouth breathing. Press his nostrils together with your fingers. Open your mouth and take a deep breath. Blow into his lungs until his chest rises, then remove your mouth and watch his chest fall. Repeat twelve times a minute. Keep doing until help arrives.\nTo bring a child back to life, keep your lips around his mouth and nose and gently blow into his mouth. Give the first four breaths as quickly as possible to fill the blood with oxygen. If, in spite of your efforts, he starts turning a blue-gray color1, and you can feel no pulse,then pressing is the last chance of saving his life.\nWith arms straight, rock forwards, pressing down on the lower half of the breastbone. Don't be too hard or you may break a rib. Check how effective you are by watching if his color1 improves or his pulse becomes independent to your chest pressing. If this happens, stop the pressing. Otherwise continue until help arrives.", "id": "high17994.txt"}