{"answers": ["D", "D", "B"], "options": [["Easy Street.", "Making a Living.", "The Gold Rush.", "Sherlock Holmes."], ["was the only star of his time", "was a very kind-hearted actor", "was the funniest person of his time", "had a great influence on modern films"], ["Charlie Chaplin went to America for the first time at 20", "Charlie Chaplin made 35 short films in total in 1914", "short films had many kinds of comedy besides physical comedy", "Charlie Chaplin didn't make any popular movies after 1936"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is NOT a Charlie Chaplin film?", "According to the author, Charlie Chaplin   _  .", "We can learn from the passage that   _  ."], "article": "Charlie Chaplin was one of the greatest and most widely loved silent movie stars. From Easy Street (1917) to Modern Times (1936), he made many of the funniest and most popular films of his time. He is best known for his character \"the little tramp  \". It is this kind-hearted character that we connect with the time of silent movies. \n    Born in London in 1889, Chaplin first visited America with a theater company in 1907. Appearing as Billy in the play Sherlock Holmes, the young Chaplin toured the country twice. On his second tour, he met Mack Sennett and was signed to Keystone Studios to act in films. In 1914, Chaplin made his first short film, Making a Living. That same year, he made thirty-four more short films. These early silent shorts allowed very little time for anything but physical comedy, and Chaplin was extremely good at it. \n   Chaplin was known as one of the most demanding men in Hollywood. No matter how big or tiny the size of the part, Chaplin walked each actor through every scene. Chaplin knew that a successful scene wasn't simply about the star, but about everyone on the screen. He required that all the actors and actresses work together in every performance. The only way to achieve it was to keep complete control over every scene. As he became more popular, he used more and more creative and difficult filming techniques. Movies such as his 1925 hit, The Gold Rush, required endless reworking of scenes and rebuilding of sets. \n    Though Chaplin is of the silent movie era, his achievements were carried over into the films of today. His strictness and concern for the processes of acting and directing made his films great and led the way to a new and more wonderful cinema.\nChaplin's working life in entertainment lasted over 75 years, from the Victorian stage and the music hall in the United Kingdom as a child performer, until close to his death at the age of 88.", "id": "high18000.txt"}