{"answers": ["C", "B", "C", "C"], "options": [["attend full-time universities", "work part time to further their education", "improve their education at home to get better jobs", "earn their degrees in different ways that suit them"], ["The way how you will get your degree.", "Tuition price.", "The hot fields you will be preparing yourself for.", "The length of time it will take you to get a degree."], ["To show that their training is widely used in the country.", "To show that the training program is fully supported by famous companies in the prefix = st1 /US.", "To prove the value of their training in every area.", "To show the importance of getting recognized by the most famous companies."], ["its convenience", "the degree's nation-wide recognition", "the economic benefit   it will bring about", "the hot fields the training will help people to enter"]], "questions": ["This advertisement aims at calling on people to   _  .", "Which of the following is NOT clearly mentioned in this advertisement?", "What does the writer of this ad intend to say by naming General Electric, IBM, Ford, etc.?", "It seems to the writer that the greatest attraction for people to take their training is   _  ."], "article": "Have you ever wondered what a Degree might be worth to you in your job or career  ? It means a lot of Americans with an Associate Degree average nearly $10 000 more in yearly earnings than those with just a High School Diploma  .\nHarcourt Learning Direct offers you a way to get a Specialized Associate Degree in all of today's growing fidds--without having to go to college full time. With Harcourt, you study at home, in your spare time, so you don't have to give up your present job while you train for a better one. Choose from exciting majors like\nBusiness Management, Accounting, Dressmaking & Design, Bookkeeping, Photography, Computer Science, Engineering and more! Your training includes everything you need! Books, lessons and learning aids are all included in the low tuition   price you pay. Your education is nationally recognized! Nearly 2 000 American companies--including General Electric, IBM, Mobile, General Motors, Ford, and many others--have used our training for their employees. If companies like these recognize the value of our training, you can be sure that employees in your area will, too!\nEarn your degree in as little as two years! Get a career diploma in just six months! The career of your dreams is closer than you think! Even if you have no experience before, you can get valuable job skills in today's hottest fields! Prepare for promotions  , pay raises, even start a business of your own! Send today for FREE information about Harcourt at home training!\n    Simply fill in your name and address on the coupon   above. Then write in the name and number of the one program you're most interested in, and mail it today. We'll rush your free information about how you can take advantage of the opportunities   in the field you've chosen. Act today!\nMail coupon today! Or call the number below 1-800-372-1589. Call any time, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Website: www. Harcourt-learning. com. E-mail: Harcourt@learning.com.", "id": "high18008.txt"}