{"answers": ["A", "C", "B", "D", "D"], "options": [["urge for the final solution to the problem with the unwanted books.", "complain about getting books he didn't want.", "advise readers not to order books from Cosmo Books Ltd..", "show his anger to Cosmo Books Ltd.."], ["unlimited number of Cosmo Books.", "fifteen pounds and fifty pence.", "a set of 10 books of the works of Shakespeare.", "a book containing all the plays and poems of Shakespeare."], ["he claimed that the books were being offered at a remarkable price.", "he wanted a set of Shakespeare's works which was a good bargain", "he had ordered the set and had been waiting for them to come for some time.", "the set he already had was not particularly attractive."], ["Cosmo Books have sent bills for books that they have not sent.", "Several sets of books have been sent to Mr. Walker free of charge.", "Mr. Walker hasn't received the books that he ordered.", "Mr. Walker took some action after receiving the books he did not order."], ["bitterness", "respect", "humor", "annoyance"]], "questions": ["Simon Walker wrote the letter to   _", "The advertisement that Mr. Walker saw in the Morning Mail was for   _", "Mr. Walker answered the advertisement because   _", "It can be inferred that   _", ". The tone of the letter is that of   _"], "article": "Sir,\nJust over six months ago, I saw an advertisement in the Morning Mail for a set of the complete works of William Shakespeare. Your company, Cosmo books Ltd., offered this set (eight books of plays and two books of poetry) at what was claimed to be a 'remarkable' price: fifteen pounds and fifty pence, including postage and packing. I had wanted a set of Shakespeare's plays and poems for some time, and these books, in red imitation leather, looked particularly attractive; so I sent for them.\nTwo weeks later, the books arrived, together with a set of the complete works of Charles Dickens which I had not ordered. So I returned the Dickens books to you, with a cheque for fifteen pounds and fifty pence for the works of Shakespeare. Two more weeks passed. Then there arrived on my door step a second set of the works of Shakespeare, the same set of novels by Dickens and a six book set of the plays of Moliere, in French. Since I do not read French, these were of no use to me at all. However, I could not afford to post all these books back to you, so I wrote to you at the end of August of last year, instructing you to come and collect all the books that I did not want, and asking you not to send any other books until further notice.\nYou did not reply to that letter. Instead you sent me a bill for forty two pounds, and a set of the plays of Schiller, in German. Since then, a new set of books has arrived every two weeks, the works of Goethe, the poems of Milton, the plays of Strindberg; I hardly know what I have. The books are still all in their boxes, in the garage, and my car has to stand in the rain outside.\nI have no room for any more books, and even if I read from now until the Last Judgment, I should not finish reading all the books that you have sent me.\nPlease send no more books, send no more bills, send no more angry letters demanding payment. Just send one large lorry and take all the books away, leaving me only with the one set of the complete works of Shakespeare for which I have paid.\nYours faithfully,\nSIMON WALKER", "id": "high1800.txt"}