{"answers": ["C", "A"], "options": [["you're good at engineering", "you've finished learning engineering", "you've chosen to learn engineering", "you can find work relating to engineering"], ["be constant learners", "have academic degrees", "keep on writing", "know everything before starting"]], "questions": ["Judging from the article, if you have got a college degree, say, in engineering, it means   _  .", "The writer thinks Blogging works in a way that it requires the writers to   _  ."], "article": "In today's society, a college degree tells little about what you know in comparison to what it tells about what you can learn.For example, the IT world is constantly changing. Anything you learn today will probably be useless in a few short years. The point is to learn to learn.\nBlogging works exactly the same way. And I believe this to be true regardless of your end goal. If you're trying to make money, this is very clear. There's always more money to be made. If you're teaching on a subject, you are constantly looking for new information to share. Even if you're just sharing your words with others for pleasure, you're continuously improving your writing and storytelling so people don't get bored of you.\nThis is one of the reasons that bloggers burn out. They forget this. They think they have an unlimited amount of content just waiting to burst from their brain. They get comfortable. Then they start to run out of juice.  _ . They are experts in their fields and will simply feed us with invaluable content forever. But this is not true. Pay attention. Even famous bloggers would run out of content eventually without constant learning.\nThe point is easy to see. Don't think you've succeeded. There is no summit. What happens when someone thinks they've hit the summit? They quickly begin falling down the other side. Always be learning from your experiences. See what posts work for your readers. Which get the best response? Which are completely ignored? Which bring in the most Google traffic, or get the most Absence clicks? Don't settle or your blog will close for ever eventually.", "id": "high18018.txt"}