{"answers": ["A", "D"], "options": [["New technology causes trouble for recyclers.", "Experts are trying to solve the tech-trash problem.", "New technology has both advantages and disadvantages.", "CRTs from old computer monitors and TVs harm the earth."], ["Some other problems related to technologies.", "Some experts' opinions on the tech-trash problem.", "Some reasons why the tech-trash problem is hard to solve.", "Some practicable ways to solve the tech-trash problem."]], "questions": ["What is the main idea of the passage?", "What would the writer probably talk about next?"], "article": "Picture a wasteland of old computer monitors  and TVs, stretching as far as the eye can see. Imagine towers of boxes, all of them filled with broken glass and discarded   electronic devices. Technology graveyards like this can be found in communities across the country.\nExperts say that landfills  and warehouses will overflow unless a plan for the disposal  and reuse of electronics is put into place . \"We can't put electronics and glass aside and tell ourselves we'll deal with them later ,\" Lauren Roman , managing director of Transparent Planet said. Roman's group works to improve the disposal of electronic waste. She says about 660 million pounds of tech-trash is produced each year in the U.S.\nWhat's behind the tech trash pile-up ?About ten years ago ,major advances were made in computer and television technology . Manufacturers began producing devices like flat -paneled LCDs and plasma  screen monitors. These new products provide a clearer image and take up less space than older models. It goes without saying that consumers choose them rather than heavy glass-based technologies.\nThe new electronics are built with materials that are difficult to recycle. In addition, the new products have decreased the demand for recycled parts from the older monitors and screens. Older, heavier computer monitors and TVs used glass-based components called CRTs.\nCRTs have a high lead content and can be environmentally hazardous if not recycled properly . If crushed and put in landfills, the lead from CUTs could seep into groundwater and rivers, harming the water supply. For many years, plants and recycling programs safely processed CRTs. The recycled CRTs were reused in the construction of new monitors.\nMonitors being made today do not use glass tubes . \"People are returning old -style TVs with CRTs , but no new ones are being made ,\" said Linnell. This is creating an imbalance in the amount of glass being disposed of and recycled properly. Many recycling companies have shut down. Others no longer have the resources or space to process these materials. This results in stockpiling.\nHowever , experts say there are ways to safely and responsibly address the tech-trash problem.", "id": "high18015.txt"}