{"answers": ["A", "A", "B"], "options": [["To find a chance to enjoy their time alone.", "To realize what they said on their wedding day.", "To allow in-laws time to enjoy themselves after the wedding.", "To begin to deal with the rest of the family."], ["To start a family life independent of in-laws.", "To stay with in-laws.", "Not to cook apple pie for parents.", "To spend festivals with parents in-law."], ["following in-laws is a good idea", "distance helps to deal with in-laws", "new spouses mustn't stay near their house", "new spouses shouldn't do anything for their in-laws"]], "questions": ["Why should newly married spouses go for a honeymoon?", "In the writer's opinion, how does a new spouse make new family traditions?", "From the passage, we can infer that   _  ."], "article": "In the Western world in-laws usually don't get along well with each other or with a new spouse . Perhaps they have a problem in understanding that their wonderful child has now grown up and got married. Maybe they don't like the spouse their child picked. Or maybe they just don't think that anyone will ever be good enough for their own \"baby\".\nSo what can the newly married people do?\nFirst of all, go for a long honeymoon. This will give you two things. First, it will give you time to get close to your new partner. Now you must stay with him or her just as you said on your wedding day. Second, it will give the in-laws time to cool down after the exciting wedding. Enjoy your honeymoon! When you return, it will be time to start dealing with the rest of the family.\nAfter you get back from your honeymoon, move to another place. Do whatever you need to do. Change your job. Start a new career, and so on. If you stay near your home or move into a house just down the street from either family, you'll get in trouble. Trust me!\nYou also need to start making new family traditions. You don't have to make your mum's apple pie for Thanksgiving. You don't have to go to both families on Christmas Eve! Relax. You don't have to have both soon-to-be grandmothers with you when you are giving birth! Don't give in to in-law pressure.\nFinally, talk with other new spouses. They will encourage you and give you support for the never-ending and ongoing reality of having in-laws.", "id": "high18025.txt"}