{"answers": ["B", "D"], "options": [["Most people with HIV live in poor countries of the world.", "People with HIV in rich countries need not worry about anything.", "Lack of education is one of the causes of AIDS spread.", "In Africa women with HIV are especially looked down upon."], ["regretful", "reasonable", "understandable", "unfair"]], "questions": ["Which of the following statements is NOT true?", "When talking about the different situation of HIV between rich and poor countries, the author thinks it is   _  ."], "article": "Now AIDS has become one of the most dangerous killers for human beings. The whole world is in danger of AIDS. But the situation in rich countries is not the same as that in poor countries. According to a research, the most serious area is Africa.\nThroughout Africa, whole communities are being  _ by AIDS. Mothers, fathers, teachers and farmers are dying in thousands, day after day.\nWhy is it that most people with HIV live in the world's poorest countries? Lack of education and health care makes people easy to be infected ; poverty and the constant search for work and food keep them on the move; casual work and casual sex leave women particularly easy to be infected. As a result, the disease spreads to even more people. Those who are already malnourished very soon become sick. Parents die, leaving children who are infected. It's a dangerous circle.\nWhen Pep Bonet visited Nchelenge in northern Zambia in 2003, he found one person in four was HIVpositive(HIV). There was a closed and fearful atmosphere. No one wanted to admit to their HIV identity, and women who were HIV positives were often beaten or driven out of their home. Mothers left home and children became orphans. People lost hope, and the light went out of their eyes.\nIn rich countries, anti-HIV drug treatments can keep people with HIV healthy for many years; in poor countries where 95% of people with HIV live, only a few can afford to get these drugs. Do you think that's fair?", "id": "high18037.txt"}