{"answers": ["D", "D", "C"], "options": [["Because the absence of their child makes them feel lonely.", "Because their children will start a new life in college.", "Because it means the end of love between parents and their child.", "Because they are no longer the main focus of their children's life."], ["Developing a new hobby or sport.", "Learning a new language.", "Spending more time with close friends.", "Staying in touch with your child."], ["Staying in Touch with Your Child", "Preparing to Say Goodbye to Your Child", "Dealing with Your Child Leaving Home for University", "Life after Your Child Has Left Home for University"]], "questions": ["Why do parents feel sad when their child leaves home for college?", "What's not advised as the way to recover from your child's departure?", "What would be an appropriate title for the whole passage?"], "article": "It's common for parents to feel emotional when the moment comes for their child to leave home and go to university. Even parents who don't speak about the event are likely to feel a sense of sadness because it's the end of an era where you and your family were at the centre of your child's world. As a parent you'll probably continue to support your child in different ways, but the main job of raising your child is over. It's a huge change for everyone involved.  \n       There are a few things that you can do to make the transition easier. Plan carefully for your child's departure and think about how you can help. Many parents take their child to university for the first time. If you decide to do that, be ready to feel a real wrench when the time comes to say goodbye. Your child will probably be as nervous as you are about the moment when you finally say goodbye - but that might not show!\n       Be positive and cheerful about the choice your child has made to continue studying, and plan to leave once you've unpacked the car and looked around your child's new living accommodations. If you can, save your tears for the car - you'll make things easier on your child and yourself.\n       The more you've invested in being a parent, the more you'll feel a sense of loss, so the sadness you feel now is a sign that you've been a good mom or dad. Remind yourself that parenting is all about raising an independent and confident child who functions well without you. If your child quickly settles and starts enjoying himself, you should congratulate yourself.\n       It's also only fair to allow yourself some time to grieve . Don't expect to pick yourself up and move on straight away. But you may decide to find a hobby or sport to fill your extra time. Perhaps you've always wanted to learn a new language, go to yoga classes or take up swimming. You may decide to spend more time with family and close friends, who are likely to be feeling the absence of your child as well.\n       Agree on the best approach to staying in touch before your child leaves, and stick to your agreement. Try not to panic if your child doesn't respond immediately - remember, they're starting a new and busy life..", "id": "high18031.txt"}