{"answers": ["C", "C", "D"], "options": [["should have a false tooth fixed in its place", "have to put it under your pillow at once", "will gain a permanent tooth in future", "can exchange it for some money"], ["should brush them with a special denture brush every few days", "will take a very long time to adjust himself or herself to them", "will experience unpleasant feelings at the beginning of fixing them", "should use denture solution to soak them in his or her mouth"], ["Partial dentures can prevent the remaining teeth from changing position.", "Old people will find it hard to smile, talk, and eat properly without teeth.", "A person's teeth will possibly get loose if diseases strike his gums.", "It is hard for a person to wear dentures if all his teeth have fallen out."]], "questions": ["If one of your baby teeth falls out, you_.", "A person wearing dentures_.", "Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?"], "article": "Losing a baby tooth can be fun for a kid. You can put it under your pillow and look forward to finding some money there in the morning. And then you can watch your new permanent  tooth grow in its place.\nBut if a permanent tooth falls out, that's a problem. There isn't another one under the gum that can replace it. Unfortunately, this happens to some older people. And if permanent teeth fall out-or need to be pulled-an older person might need dentures.\nDentures, known as false teeth, are a set of replacement teeth for any teeth that are missing. There are partial dentures, which take the place of only a few teeth and prevent the others from changing position. If all the teeth are gone, the person would need complete dentures, which replace every tooth in the mouth.\nDentures can cause pains at first and take little time to get adjusted to. They also need special care. They should be brushed daily with a special denture brush and cleanser and soaked in denture solution when not in the mouth.\nDentures are important for older folks because, without teeth, it's hard to smile, talk, and eat properly. But it can be a little  _ if you see someone take out his or her dentures. It can also be strange to see someone, like a grandparent, without dentures in because he or she won't have any teeth. Try not to make fun of the person because this could cause hurt feelings.\nPeople usually lose their permanent teeth due to periodontal disease, or gum disease, which is caused by bacteria that attacks the gums. Diseased gums aren't strong and healthy, so teeth can get loose and fall out. Older people often have many cavities that have been filled over the years, and these fillings can weaken over time, leading to more tooth decay.", "id": "high18044.txt"}