{"answers": ["D", "A", "A"], "options": [["He is disappointed with his first wife.", "His daughter treats him as her best friend.", "He and Carmen don't have much in common.", "He doesn't seem to be an animal lover."], ["It's easier for him to get along with her when she was 4.", "He couldn't take care of her after she went to school.", "He tried very hard to get along well with her friends.", "He once got very angry because she didn't talk to him."], ["he had done everything he could for Carmen", "he was sad when Carmen wasn't happy at school", "he never asked Carmen why she gave up drama", "he was pleased that Carmen married her husband"]], "questions": ["Which is TRUE about the author according to the passage?", "What does the author think of getting along with his daughter?", "By saying \"wanted the best for her\", the author means that  _  ."], "article": "My first wife and I only had one child. It might have been nice to have more. I would have liked a son, but we just had Carmen.\n     I see her as my best friend. I think she always comes to me first if she has a problem. We have the same sense of humor and share many interests; except that she's crazy about animals, obsessed with them she has always had dogs, cats, and horses in her life.\n     We were closest when she was about four, which I think is a wonderful age for a child. That's when they need their parents most. But as soon as Carmen went to school, she seemed to grow up and grow apart from her family, and any father finds it difficult with a teenage daughter. She was very moody and had an odd group of friends. There was an endless stream of strange young men coming to our house. I remember once got annoyed with her in front of her friends and she didn't talk to me for days.\n    I've always wanted the best for her. We sent her to a good school, but she wasn't happy there. She left because she wanted to become an actress, so with my connections I got her into a drama school, but she didn't like that either. She worked for a while doing small roles in films, but she must have found it boring although she never really said why. She got married a few years ago, her husband's a vet. They must be happy because they work together, and she loves animals.\n    We have the same tastes in books and music. When she was younger, I used to take her to the opera that's my passion-but she can't have liked it very much because she hasn't come with me for years. I don't think she goes to the cinema or watches TV much. She might watch my films, but I don't know. It's not the kind of thing she talks to me about.\n    I'm very pleased to have Carmen. She's a good daughter, but I don't think she likes my new wife very much because she doesn't visit us very often. I'm looking forward to being a grandfather one day. I hope she'll have a son.", "id": "high18045.txt"}