{"answers": ["C", "C"], "options": [["will make poor countries poorer", "is well performed in the Maldives", "has been a controversial question", "means banning carbon dioxide emissions"], ["Like the Maldives, other island countries should take action.", "Both the US and India should cut greenhouse emissions.", "Everyone should get involved in cutting greenhouse emissions.", "World leaders should focus more on climate change."]], "questions": ["According to the passage, limiting greenhouse emissions_.", "What does the author suggest?"], "article": "Last month, the president of the Maldives, Mohamed Nasheed, held an underwater meeting. The purpose of the ocean floor conference? To highlight the effects of global warming on his island nation.\n     The Maldives, located in the Indian Ocean, is the lowest-lying country on Earth. Melting glaciers and polar ice are causing sea levels to rise, putting the Maldives and other low-lying areas at risk of being swallowed by the sea within the next 100 years.\n     What can be done? Scientists and leaders from 190 nations will try to figure that out at the United Nations climate change conference next month. The main goal of the meeting is to come up with a new climate agreement for 2012 and beyond. That is when the existing plan, the Kyoto Protocol will expire. The agreement was created in Kyoto, Japan, in 1997. Since then, it has been ratified  by 190 nations. The countries promised to limit the amount of greenhouse gases, such as carbon dioxide, that they produced each year.\n     The debate over who should cut greenhouse emissions has been going on for years. The US has been hesitant to reduce emissions unless fast-growing nations such as China and India also reduce their use of fossil fuels. In recent months, China has taken steps to be greener. But India has been unwilling to change. It argues that it is unfair for rich nations to ask poorer countries to cut down on emissions.\n     While world leaders work on a plan in Copenhagen, there are many things you can do to help the planet. You can save fuel by walking or biking instead of riding in a car. You can start a recycling program in your community. You can plant trees. Trees absorb carbon dioxide from the air and give off oxygen.", "id": "high18067.txt"}