{"answers": ["A", "C"], "options": [["meat production consumes too much water and land", "crop production is better than meat production", "growing tomatoes has the highest production", "farm animals are the main producer of the methane gas"], ["More and more people are becoming strict vegetarians.", "Raising farm animals affects the environment.", "A vegetarian diet helps to protect the environment.", "Our diet is destroying the surroundings."]], "questions": ["Many figures are used in Para. 4 to show_.", "What message does the passage want to tell us?"], "article": "Is Your Diet Destroying the Environment?\n     A vegetarian  diet is often praised for its health benefits. Studies have shown that vegetarians usually have lower levels of heart disease and a lower risk of diabetes than people who eat meat. What most people are less aware of, however, are the effects that a vegetarian diet can have on the environment.\n    Researchers from the Union of Concerned Scientists in the US recently studied how consumer behavior affects the environment. The study showed that meat consumption is one of the main ways that humans can damage the environment, second only to the use of motor vehicle.\n    Then, how can eating meat have a negative effect on the environment? For a start, all farm animals such as cows, pigs, and sheep give off methane gas by expelling  wind from their bodies. One cow can produce up to 60 liters of methane  each day. Methane gas is the second most common greenhouse gas after carbon dioxide. Many environmental experts now believe that it is more responsible for global warming than carbon dioxide. It is estimated that 25% of all methane released into the atmosphere comes from farm animals.\n    Another way that meat production affects the environment is through the use of water and land. 2,500 gallons of water are needed to produce one pound of beef, whereas 20 gallons of water are needed to produce one pound of wheat. One acre of farmland used for crop production can produce 40,000 pounds of potatoes, 30,000 pounds of carrots, or 50,000 pounds of tomatoes.\n    Many people now see the benefits of switching to a vegetarian diet, not just for health reasons, but also because it plays a vital role in protecting the environment. However, some nutritionists advise against switching to a totally strict vegetarian, or vegan diet. They believe a vegan diet, which excludes all products from animal sources, such as cheese, eggs, and milk, can be short of many necessary vitamins and minerals our bodies need.\"\n    Today, many people know it's important to take better care of their bodies and to use the earth's resources more efficiently. As this understanding spreads, more people may realize that to help the environment and for the human race to survive, more of us will need to become vegetarians.", "id": "high18068.txt"}