{"answers": ["C", "C", "B", "C"], "options": [["It's a game about losing and winning.", "It creates everything in life.", "It benefits one's abilities to socialize and create.", "It's simply a popular game to kill time."], ["A resident in Second Life lives a life somewhat like that of a real life.", "The number of users of Second Life is about ten times as large as that of 2003.", "You can't enter Second Life until you pay the entrance fee.", "To own possessions, a resident has to pay to be a member of Second Life."], ["They want to experience life in the made-up reality.", "They want to promote their products more widely.", "They want to be a member of Second Life.", "They want to build agencies in Second life."], ["Linden Lab creates Second Life for both adults and youngsters.", "Linden Lab brings in a large sum of money from Second Life.", "Linden Lab first created Second Life for the people who are thirty years old.", "Recently, Linden Lab created Second Life specially for teenagers."]], "questions": ["What's special about the game \"Second Life\"?", "Which is NOT true about the game \"Second Life\"?", "Why do some big companies want to join in Second life?", "Which of the following statements is NOT true about Linden Lab?"], "article": "Second Life is a 3D online world in which computer users can create a new life and live a different life. Second Life is one of the most popular new online games. \nBut unlike other games, Second Life is not about winning or losing. Second Life is technically a computer game. But people involved in it do not consider it a game because the players create everything. Second Life is more for socializing and creating communities. \nUsers of Second Life are called residents( ). To take part, they must create an avatar, or an electronic image of themselves. Some avatars look like humans, while others look like animals or imaginary creatures. \nInside the Second Life world, residents live in different versions of themselves. They build homes, run businesses, buy and sell things, work, play, and attend schools. They even have relationships and get married. \nSecond Life was created in 2003 by Linden Lab in San Francisco, California. Linden Lab controls the website where the ever-changing world is being created. There are now about one million people around the world who are active to Second Life. The number has grown quickly since the beginning of the year when there were about one hundred thousand users.\nThe average age of people involved with Second Life is about thirty. However, Linden Lab has recently created Teen Second Life for young users. Second Life has its own economy and its own money, called Linden dollars. \nMillions of dollars are made and spent each month in Second Life. Users can enter Second Life for free. But they must pay for a membership if they want to own land or buy and sell goods and services. \nRecently, several major companies have become involved with Second Life. They want to be part of the growing business world that exists within the made-up reality.", "id": "high18070.txt"}