{"answers": ["D", "C", "B"], "options": [["children at home", "children at school", "preschool students", "all of above"], ["how to sing songs", "to master playing the piano quickly", "to learn some basic music knowledge", "to experience the charm of music"], ["children's attention spans in mind", "children's intelligence spans", "preschool children's interest", "school children's music ability"]], "questions": ["Music for Little Mozarts is intended for_.", "This programme teaches children_.", "We can infer that this programme was developed for_."], "article": "Music for Little Mozarts is a programme designed to help your little ones develop a love of music. Learning music at an early age helps develop minds and expand cognitive   ability. While listening to music can certainly help your youngster pick up songs, actually learning to play the piano can help your child's development.\nThis programme focuses on little creatures that both entertain and teach. By grasping the attention of a young child's mind and engaging them with stories along with hands on experience, you can provide them with a positive experience that may produce a little Mozart in later years.\nWithin this multi-book and multi-year lesson plan there are ten little characters that help draw the child into the lesson plan. These little creatures actually can be used to help the child grasp basic concepts in music. The series starts out in the preschool years and provides day by day lessons that can aid the child or a classroom of children right through early adolescence  .\nThe series is designed for both classroom and preschool use and for those at home with homeschoolers. It contains a series of books along with audio CD's, flash cards, and other visual aids that can help very young children develop an ear and an eye for music.\nIt can be hard to hold the attention spans of children for very long. However, with the right creativity and the proper attention along with simple, easy to master daily lessons, most children will not only grasp music rather quickly, they will also develop a love of real music, not just banging on a piano keyboard and making sounds.\nThe short, daily lessons are planned out so that children learn to play music by ear. They learn to play real songs and master real passages quickly and easily. This element keeps them involved. They also master playing by ear and then later by reading rather quickly.", "id": "high18088.txt"}