{"answers": ["C", "D"], "options": [["how to play football", "the origin of football", "the reasons why football is the most popular sport in the world", "the reasons why football rules come into being"], ["it is so easy a sport to play", "it is just like running a marathon", "it can be played by a group of people", "it is not only creative but also interesting"]], "questions": ["The passage mainly discusses   _  .", "Football is popular to many people probably because   _  ."], "article": "There are a lot of reasons to the popularity of football. All around the world, millions play the sport and many like to watch it. Some would say that the simplicity of game is the main reason for its popularity. But that is not right, because this way, running a marathon or a race would be the most popular sport in the world. In fact, it isn't. Football is the most popular of all sports.\nThe main reason for the popularity of any sport is the room for creativity inside this sport. Because football has plenty of room for creativity, where the player can use his mind and body to do anything in order to get hold of the ball and score and keep the other team from scoring to win the match. All within a set of rules that are made mainly to keep the game clean and better, football becomes the most popular sport in the world.\nAnother reason is the fact that this game doesn't need expensive equipments. All the kids in poor third world countries play it, they just need a ball and an empty playground, and that would ensure a quality time for a group of kids who want to enjoy their time. The Federation International de Football Association (FIFA) knows this fact and they always try to keep rules and regulations applicable for the poorer countries.\nFor fans of watching the sport, it is so entertaining to watch the skills and talents of the players in a match. And also the anticipation  and the fact that anything could happen is so compelling  and engaging in the 90 or 120 minutes of the game, so results could change in the dying moments of the game. For some special matches, they are better than any thriller movie, because you really don't know what is going to happen afterwards.", "id": "high18084.txt"}