{"answers": ["C", "A", "B", "B"], "options": [["It's designed specially for businessmen.", "It has well-developed traffic to other cities.", "It is quite close to local attractions.", "It is the cheapest of the four hotels."], ["You may bring pets into Residence Inn Milford.", "The Swinton Hotel is located in New York.", "Marriott Detroit Southfield is built inside a park.", "Smoking is allowed in Comfort Suites Kodak."], ["The Swinton Hotel", "Comfort Suites Kodak", "Marriott Detroit Southfield", "Residence Inn Milford"], ["They are all near the airports.", "They all offer guests breakfast.", "People can enjoy free outdoor pools.", "People should check in before 3 pm."]], "questions": ["What can we know about Marriott Detroit Southfield?", "Which of the following is true according to the four advertisements?", "If you want to take exercise and go climbing after settling down, you may choose   _  .", "What do the four hotels have in common?"], "article": "Residence Inn Milford \nWithin 15 minutes from historic Yale University and New Haven, the Residence Inn Milford offers great amenities  and first-class service for business or leisure travel. Our all-suites hotel near New Haven is 1 hour from Bradley International Airport and 10 minutes from a Metro North train station that can get you to NYC in under an hour and a half. At our Milford, CT hotel, enjoy spacious studio, suites that are 50 percent larger than traditional hotel rooms.\nOur suites offer hot breakfast buffet and a nightly social hour (Monday - Wednesday) , on-site exercise room and outdoor swimming pool. \nPrice $ 119 per night  Pet Policy Pets allowed   Check in time 300 pm \nMarriott Detroit Southfield \nNewly renovated  , the Marriott Detroit Southfield Hotel is one of Detroit's most desirable hotel destinations. With excellent public areas, enhanced meeting spaces and carefully redesigned guest rooms, the Marriott Detroit Southfield Hotel caters   to the needs of business, leisure and group guests travelling to the Detroit area. This suburban Detroit hotel has a prime location that allows for easy access to the Detroit Zoo, Henry Ford Museum, Comerica Park, Ford Field and many of the other local activities in the area. It is open for breakfast, lunch and dinner. \nPrice $ 75 per night   Check in time 400 pm \nComfort Suites Kodak \n100 percent smoke free and pet free hotel conveniently located at the main gateway to the Great Smoky Mountains off Interstate 40 at exit 407, close to all the fun and excitement in Pigeon Forge, Gatlinburg, and Knoxville, including Dollywood, Dixie Stampede, Smokies Park, Sevierville Events Center, Tanger Outlet Mall, Uinversity of Tennessee and more. Guests enjoy waking up in our well-appointed guest suites featuring contemporary furnishings and LCD flat screen televisions, starting their day with our free breakfast, and relaxing in our indoor pool and exercise room. \nPrice $55 per night   Check in time 300 pm \nThe Swinton Hotel \nLocated in the very heart of the centre of London, the Swinton Hotel is one of the leading Kings Cross hotels offering free breakfast. It is a friendly and relaxed hotel. With a reputation as one of the top cheap hotels in London and a location which allows easy access to all tourist attractions, shopping areas and transport connections, you have come to the right place if you are looking for brilliant Kings Cross Hotels. Whatever reason you are looking for cheap hotels in London and whether you are visiting on business, as a tourist or to enjoy the vast varieties of entertainment and nightlife, we will be more than happy to provide you with a safe and comfortable environment. The Swinton Hotel is situated in an ideal location for those travelling to or from London by rail. Being located within walking distance of many popular tourist attractions, you are unlikely to find many cheap hotels in London situated in a better location. \nPrice $45 per night   Check in time 3 00 pm", "id": "high18080.txt"}