{"answers": ["B", "A", "C"], "options": [["Our planet is in bad shape.", "The world's environment is improving.", "The total amount of forests in the world is not declining.", "Conservation efforts have been successful."], ["They scared people into making donations.", "They overturned our basic assumptions about the world's environment.", "They changed their behavior toward the environment.", "They only told people bad news about the environment."], ["The total area of forests in the world has increased significantly.", "The effects of global warming are not as bad as first expected.", "It appears that the bald eagle will now survive.", "In the last 50 years the number of whales has increased."]], "questions": ["In his book, The Skeptical Environmentalist, what is Lomborg's main argument?", "What is Lomborg's main accusation of environmentalists?", "According to the passage, which of the following statements is TRUE?"], "article": "Environmentalists said our planet was doomed to die. Now one man says they are wrong. \"Everyone knows the planet is in bad shape,\" thundered a magazine article last year. Species are being driven to die out at record rates, and the rivers are so poisonous that fish are floating on the surface, dead.\n    But there's a growing belief that what everyone takes for granted is wrong: things are actually getting better. A new book is about to overturn our most basic assumptions about the world's environment. Rivers, seas, rain and the atmosphere are all getting cleaner. The total amount of forests in the world is not declining. The Skeptical Environmentalist by Bjorn Lomborg, professor of statistics at the University of Aarhus in Denmark, is an attack on the misleading claims of environmental groups, and the \"bad news\" culture that makes people believe everything is getting worse.\n    Now the attacks are increasingly coming from left-wing environmentalists such as Lomborg, a former member of Greenpeace. The accusation is that, although the environment is improving, green groups -- with profits of hundreds of millions of pounds a year -- are using scare tactics   to gain donations. Lomborg's book doesn't deny global warming -- probably the biggest environmental threat -- but destroys almost every other environmental claim with many official statistics.\n    The Worldwatch Institute claims that \"deforestation   has been accelerating over the last 30 years\". But Lomborg says that is simply rubbish. Since the dawn of agriculture the world has lost about 20 per cent of its forest cover, but in recent decades the forest area's depleting has come to a stop. According to UN figures, the area of forests has remained almost steady, at about 30 percent of total land area, since the 1940s. Forests in countries such as the US, the UK and Canada have actually been expanding over the past 40 years. Despite all the warnings the Amazon rainforest has only shrunk by about 15 percent.\n    Nor are all our species dying out. Some campaigners claim that 50 percent of all species will have died out within 50 years. But other studies show only 0.08 percent of species are dying out each year. Conservation efforts have been successful. Whales are no longer threatened and the bald eagle is off the endangered list.\nEnvironmental groups claim that many of the improvements are the results of the success of their campaigns. Stephen Tindale, director of Greenpeace UK, said, \"There are important examples, such as acid rain and ozone, where things aren't as bad as predicted, and that's because behavior has changed.\"", "id": "high18113.txt"}