{"answers": ["C", "A"], "options": [["To visit the volcano.", "To shop and eat there.", "To watch sports and plays.", "To see how Pompeiians lived."], ["Because Ginseppe and his men dug it slowly and carefully.", "Because the city was buried alive and remained untouched.", "Because scientists successfully rebuilt the city with everyday objects.", "Because nobody had lived in the city ever since the volcano erupted."]], "questions": ["Why do large number of people come to Pompeii each year?", "Why did the city uncovered look almost the same as it had looked in 79 AD ?"], "article": "Every year thousands of tourists visit Pompeii, Italy. They see the sight that Pompeii is famous for--its stadium and theaters, its shops and restaurants. The tourists do not, however, see Pompeii's people. No one has lived in Pompeii for almost 2,ooo years.\nOnce Pompeii was a busy city of 22,000 people. It lay at the foot of Mt Vesuvius, a grass-covered volcano. Mt Vesuvius had not erupted for centuries, so the people of Pompeii felt safe. But they were not. In August of the year 79 AD, Mt Vesuvius erupted. The entire top of the mountain exploded, and a huge black cloud rose into the air. Soon stones and hot ashes began to fall on Pompeii. When the eruption ended two days later, Pompeii was buried under 20 feet of stones and ashes. Almost all of its people were dead.\nFor centuries, Pompeii lay buried under stones and ashes. Then in the year 1861, an Italian scientist named Ginseppe began to uncover Pompeii. Slowly, carefully, Ginseppe and his men dug. The city almost looked the same as it had looked in 79 AD. There were streets and fountains, houses and shops. There was a stadium with 20,000 seats. Perhaps the most important of all, there were everyday objects, which tell us a great deal about the people who lived in Pompeii. Many glasses and jars had some dark blue color in the bottom, so we know that the people of Pompeii liked wine. They liked bread too; metal bread pans were in every bakery. In one bakery there were 81 round, flat loaves of bread--a type of bread that is still sold in Italy today. Tiny boxes filled with a dark, shiny powder tell us that women liked to wear eye-makeup.\nGinseppe has died, but his work continues. One-fourth has not been uncovered yet. Scientists are still digging, still making discoveries that draw the tourists to Pompeii.", "id": "high1811.txt"}