{"answers": ["C", "D", "C", "B"], "options": [["he lives a happy life in peace", "he is happy about his great achievements", "the country is still disappointed at the situation", "the country has made great progress and people live happily"], ["she is a close friend of Mandela", "she is living in a newly-built house", "she isn't pleased with Mandela's plan", "she isn't satisfied with the present situation"], ["They forced the government to control violence in this way.", "They refused to be ruled by the white now.", "The government hasn't kept its promise.", "They don't like the change of apartheid."], ["The Poor in South Africa Celebrate Mandela's Coming Back", "The Poor in South Africa Face Broken Dreams on Mandela's Anniversary", "All the People in South Africa Started a Strike against the Government", "People in South Africa Help the Government Build a Bright Future"]], "questions": ["Twenty years after Mandela gained freedom in South Africa   _  .", "From what Agnes Ntali says we can know   _  .", "Why did some people cut off the power to new council houses?", "What is the best title of the passage?"], "article": "As South Africa starts to celebrate 20 years of freedom in South Africa, the moment is ruined with disappointment for many of the nation's poorest, who feel change has been slow to come. Today thousands of people are expected to gather near Cape Town to celebrate the 20th anniversary of Nelson Mandela's release. The moment when Mr. Mandela, who was 71 and had spent 27 years in prison on Robben Island, walked free marked a change from apartheid   to multi-racial democracy  . He went on to become the country's first black president. His African National Congress (ANC) party has reduced poverty, built houses and delivered water, electricity and schools to blacks. Still, though, needs remain great.\nWith some observers comparing the event to South Africa's equal of the fall of the Berlin Wall, the occasion has sparked   debate about unhappy promises and riots   among the nation's very poorest, who feel short-changed. Agnes Ntali shares her two-roomed Department of Housing in Soweto with three grandchildren. The 55-year-old widow, who first came to Soweto with her husband in the days after Nelson Mandela's release has been waiting 10 years to be re-housed. \"We have stayed here for a long time now but nothing has changed. Now we are free but we are not happy... we have no jobs and we are hungry,\" she told The Times newspaper. \"Since Mandela left, there have been no changes, \" she said.\nLast week the \"informal settlement\" she shares with several hundred other very poor black South Africans, broke out into violence. Tired of unhappy promises to provide electricity and toilets, some people cut off the power to new council houses nearby. A riot started and the police responded with teargas and rubber bullets. Across the nation, black townships are exploding in violent protests about services they are still waiting for. It is a sign that the poor are prepared to wait no longer for the better life which was forecast 20 years ago, but has, for thousands, failed to appear.", "id": "high18112.txt"}