{"answers": ["B", "A", "B"], "options": [["does not need concrete and sand", "ly saves time and energy", "has been used in the fields of arts", "needs specially constructed moulds"], ["will cost a lot of money", "will be warmly welcomed", "will have been completed in 2015", "will be made in the traditional way"], ["Architects plan to build a 3D printed house", "3D printer is to be made in the near future", "Architects design house with 3D technology", "3D technology is widely used in various fields"]], "questions": ["Compared with traditional printing method, 3D printing   _  .", "The Landscape House   _  .", "The best title for the passage would be   _  ."], "article": "Architects say they will soon be able to print a whole house by simply using a 3D printer. The technology is still  ly new, but it's already being used in the medical world and in industry to bring down the cost of precision parts. Now designers in the Netherlands are planning to create a complete building. \nIf it all goes to plan, you will see the first house to be made from 3D printing before long. It's been named the Landscape House. Following its success across different industries, Dutch architect Ruijssenaars believes printing technology has come far enough to create the first full size building.\nHe said, \"With 3D printing, you can actually directly print the shape that you want without first having to make the mould. It is not only an interesting technique, because you have actually density  of printing that you can later see in the product, but it's also economically (better) because you save time and energy.\"\nTo create his design with traditional construction methods, builders would have to pour concrete into specially constructed moulds and these would have to be removed once the concrete had set.\nThe house will occupy about 1.115 square meters and if it stays within the projected budget, it is predicted to cost between 5 and 6 million US dollars. The house will occupy about will employ is the creation of Enrico Dini. He said, \"My personal approach in 3D printing of building construction is: using 3D printing as our start basis of making free form cages and from then move on with the traditional construction technique.\" This is Dini's printer. It's big, measuring 5 meters by 3 meters. But his company D-Shape is planning to produce a new giant 3D printer, which can construct the Landscape House.\nGround rock, or sand is put into the printer and then hardened by a binding agent .The 3D printer will print pillars that would go up straight. The project is expected to be completed sometime in 2014.", "id": "high18117.txt"}