{"answers": ["B", "D", "C"], "options": [["Nearly 600 people lost their lives on the slopes of Qomolangma.", "The first men ever to reach the top of the mountain are from different countries.", "The first Chinese climbers reached the top of the mountain in 1953.", "More than 10,000 men and women have succeeded in climbing to the top of the mountain."], ["The journalists of CCTV like climbing.", "The journalists of CCTV are the first Chinese to climb to the top of the mountain.", "The journalists of CCTV were also drawn towards the challenge.", "The journalists of CCTV reported the Chinese climbing the mountain."], ["He thought it was dangerous.", "He thought it was boring.", "He thought it was meaningful.", "He thought it was risky."]], "questions": ["Which sentence is right according to the passage?", "Why did CCTV send a team to join the adventure?", "What's the attitude of Chen Qi, the reporter of CCTV, to climbing Qomolangma?"], "article": "Climbing to the Top\n    The year 2013 is the 60th anniversary of the first successful climb to Qomolangma. Do you know why so many people wanted to reach the top of the world?\n     It was breathtaking. It was wonderful and a bit of frightening. It was Qomolangma, the highest mountain in the world. For many years, it has attracted tens of thousands of people who tried to climb its dangerous slopes. During May's 60th anniversary of the first successful climb, nearly 600 people from around the world, including a 5-year-old Italian boy, tried to reach the \"roof of the world\". China Central Television(CCTV) also sent a team to join the adventure. It broadcasted a special program, called \"Standing at the world's third pole in 2013\", from May 18 to 24 to cover the Chinese climbing Qomolangma. Over the last century, the 8848-metre-high peak has proven a great challenge for mountaineers. Those who try to stand on top of the world do so at great risk from extremely cold, avalanches , and falling ice. At 8,500 meters, the air contains just one-third of the oxygen at sea level, requiring most climbers to use oxygen tanks. Some of those who climbed the mountain paid the highest price---175 people have lost their lives on the slopes.\n     On May29, 1953, Sir Edmund Hillary from New Zealand and Sherpa Tenzing Norgay from Nepal became the first men ever to reach the top of the mountain. Nearly half a century later, the sons of the two pioneers, Peter Hillary and Jaming Tenzing Norgay, followed in their fathers' footsteps. In 2002, they also successfully reached the roof of the world.\n     Over the last 60 years, more than 10,000 men and women have tried to climb the mountain and more than 1,200 have succeeded. The first Chinese climbers reached the top of the mountain in 1960.\n     Despite the dangers, many different people are drawn towards the challenge. But why do they suffer such hardship and take such risks to climb Qomolangma?\n     \"I don't think climbing the mountain is blindly risky. Instead, it's a chance to challenge oneself,\" said Chen Qi, a reporter of CCTV. Com, who was among May's mountaineering team.\n     \"Only when you are surrounded by the mountain can you understand the love of nature and the true meaning of life.\"", "id": "high18125.txt"}