{"answers": ["B", "D", "C"], "options": [["had her name Teresa when she was very young", "devoted herself to the poor all her life", "was born in India and lived there for most of her time", "received the Nobel Peace Prize in her early sixties"], ["She was good at praying and communicating with God.", "She was not a social worker but a loyal nun for all people.", "She received the 1979 Nobel Peace Prize and other awards.", "Her love to the poor and faith will be kept in people's hearts."], ["Encourage us to learn from Mother Teresa", "tell us Mother Teresa received the Nobel Peace Prize", "give us some information about Mother Teresa", "prove that a woman can also do great work for the poor"]], "questions": ["From the text we can infer that Mother Teresa_.", "Why does the author say \"She will continue to inspire people all over the world\"?", "The author writes this text mainly to_."], "article": "Mother Teresa, whose name was Agnes Gonxha Bojaxhiu, was born on August 26th, 1910 in Skopje, Macedonia. She always wrote her birthday as 27th of August because it was the day of her baptism  , which was always more important to her than her birthday. For her work with the poor around the world, she received the 1979 Nobel Peace Prize.\nIn 1928, she accepted a religious order and took the name Teresa. The order immediately sent her to India. A few years later, she began teaching in Calcutta. In 1948 the Catholic   Church agreed her request and let her enter the convent   and she began to work for the poor people. She became an Indian citizen in the following year. In 1950, she set up a religious organization in Calcutta. The organization provided food for the poor people and then she set up hospitals, schools, youth centers, and homes for the sick and the dying poor. It now has branches in 50 Indian cities and 30 other countries.\nBesides the 1979 Nobel Peace Prize, Mother Teresa has received other awards for her work with the poor people. \nOn September 5th, 1997, Mother Teresa passed away, but she will continue to inspire people all over the world through her lasting present of love and faith. Mother Teresa often reminded the world that she was a nun  , not a social worker, and that prayer and communication with God were at the deepest heart of her every action.", "id": "high18134.txt"}