{"answers": ["C", "B", "A"], "options": [["The customs of Christmas in America.", "The decoration of Christmas trees.", "The tradition of Christmas trees in America.", "The history of Christmas in America."], ["Americans are not allowed to cut a tree for Christmas", "Americans have various ways to get a Christmas tree", "a Christmas tree must be planted after it is used", "every family will change their Christmas trees every year"], ["American people like them.", "They are considered to be very poisonous by experts.", "They are not widely used as Christmas trees.", "They can only make the old and pets sick."]], "questions": ["What is the text mainly about?", "It can be inferred from the passage that_.", "Which of the following is TRUE about poinsettias?"], "article": "An evergreen tree is a Christmas tradition in many American homes. The tree is usually a pine or fir dressed with lights and other color1ful decorations.\nFamilies might buy a cut tree or go to a tree farm and cut one down themselves. Some people bring a live tree in a pot into their home for the holidays and then put it back outdoors. Some people rent a Christmas tree. Companies might bring the same live tree to the same family year after year. Or the tree might get planted in a park or someplace else where it could help the environment.\nThere are some trees that can be reused year after year because they are made of plastic or metal. Or, instead of a tree, some people have a small, sweet-smelling rosemary   plant, cut to look like a little Christmas tree.\nAnother plant that many people connect with Christmas is the poinsettia  . Poinsettias are native to Mexico. They can be white or pink, but most are bright red. They are named after the first American ambassador to Mexico. Joel Poinsett liked them enough to send some back to the United States. Babies or pets that chew on poinsettias might get sick. But experts say the plant is not as poisonous as some people think.\nLike millions of other houses, the home of America's first president is decorated for Christmas. George Washington's Mount Vernon Estate is in Virginia. Visitors can hear stories about what Christmas was like at Mount Vernon in the eighteenth century. The museum where visitors begin their tour is decorated with Christmas trees.", "id": "high18136.txt"}