{"answers": ["D", "A", "C"], "options": [["Mistakes suggest that people are trying something new.", "People can draw lessons from their mistakes.", "Mistakes mean that people are getting closer to success.", "People can afford to make mistakes as long as they limit them."], ["people use them positively", "people avoid them quickly", "they help people get well", "they don't have side effects"], ["Don't be afraid of making mistakes. They are unavoidable.", "Try your best to make fewer mistakes. They are expensive.", "Don't be afraid of making mistakes. They are beneficial.", "The more mistakes you make, the more advances you'll make."]], "questions": ["Which of the following isn't suitable for the passage?", "It's good to make mistakes as long as   _  .", "What does the writer mainly tell us in the passage as far as mistakes are concerned?"], "article": "If you'renotmakingmistakes,you'renottryinghardenough.\nIt's good to make mistakes. That's not a  _ , folks,and I have not lost my mind. It is good to make mistakes, and here's why.\nFirst of all, mistakes are a clear sign that you are trying new things. It's always good to try new things because when you are trying new things you are growing. If you never try anything new, how can you improve? How can you expand? How can you innovate? The simple answer is, \"You can't.\" Look around you. With very few exceptions, either everything you see in your physical world or every single detail of every single thing is the result of someone trying something new.\nAnother good thing about mistakes is this: when you are making mistakes, you are learning. Consider this: Edison failed 10,000 times before he perfected the light bulb. When asked how he felt to fail that many times, he remarked that he hadn't failed 10,000 times, but rather had learned 10,000 things that didn't work.\nFinally, when you make a mistake you are that much closer to success. Why? Because when all is said and done, you will have tried some finite number of things before you succeeded. Every time you made a mistake you eliminated one of those things and are one step closer.\nBut this all doesn't mean that you should forge ahead with disregard for the consequences of a mistake.  Quite the contrary, when you try something new you have to be willing to set some reasonable limits so that, in the event that it doesn't work out the way you want it to, you will be in a position to try again.\nWe all have limited resources in the form of time and money, so don't blow them all on one approach to a problem. Realize that it probably won't be perfect the first time and allocate these resources appropriately so you can learn, modify, and try it again. Only by embracing and using your mistakes in this way can you make significant advances in your business and your career.\nThere is an old axiom that goes, \"If you're not making mistakes, you're not trying hard enough.\"\nSo go forth and make mistakes. And learn. And grow. And prosper.", "id": "high18147.txt"}