{"answers": ["D", "C"], "options": [["He observes the cases of dying patients.", "He curls up next to the patients.", "He calls family members to the hospital.", "He senses when patients are to die."], ["Cats Can Be Used for Looking After Patients", "Oscar, the Sweet-Faced, Gray-and-White Cat", "As Death Comes Calling, So Does Oscar the Cat", "Oscar the Cat, the Best Helper of the Hospital"]], "questions": ["What makes Oscar the cat so special?", "The best title for this passage is \"  _  \"."], "article": "Oscar the cat seems to have an unnatural ability for predicting when nursing home patients are going to die, by curling up   next to them during their final hours. His accuracy, observed in 25 cases, has led the staff to call family members once he has chosen someone. It usually means the patient has less than four hours to live. \"Many family members take some comfort from it. They appreciate the companionship that the cat provides for their dying loved one,\" said Dosa, a doctor and assistant professor of medicine at Brown University.\nThe 2-year-old cat was adopted as a kitten and grew up in a third-floor dementia   unit at the Steere House Nursing and Rehabilitation Center, where the facility treats people with Alzheimer's, Parkinson's disease and other illnesses. After about six months, the staff noticed Oscar would make his own rounds, just like the doctors and nurses. He'd smell and observe patients, then sit beside people who would end up dying in a few hours. Dosa said Oscar seems to take his work seriously. \n\"Oscar is better at predicting death than the people who work here,\" said Dr. Joan Teno of Brown University, who treats patients at the nursing home and is an expert on care for the terminally ill. She was convinced of Oscar's talent when he made his 13th correct call. While observing one patient, Teno said she noticed the woman wasn't eating, was breathing with difficulty and that her legs had a bluish color1, signs that often mean death is near. Oscar wouldn't stay inside the room, though, so Teno thought  _ . Instead, it turned out the doctor's prediction was roughly 10 hours too early. Sure enough, during the patient's final two hours, nurses told Teno that Oscar joined the woman at her bedside.\nDoctors say most of the people who get a visit from the sweet-faced, gray-and-white cat are so ill that they probably don't know he's there, so patients aren't aware he's a predictor of death. Most families are grateful for the advance warning. \nNo one's certain if Oscar's behavior is scientifically significant or points to a cause. Teno wonders if the cat senses mysterious scents or reads something from the behavior of the nurses who raised him.", "id": "high18149.txt"}