{"answers": ["C", "D", "A"], "options": [["they were good at swimming", "they could ask for their father's help", "the family could enjoy a day together", "the family had never gone climbing before"], ["The family finally arrived at the waterfall.", "Little Izzie was hurt badly on the way.", "The mother pulled the author out of the creek.", "Little Izzie was rescued by her father."], ["is great in their eyes.", "is always ready to help others.", "is full of intelligence", "is not only brave but also strong"]], "questions": ["The children were happy probably because   _  .", "What can we know from the passage?", "The kid's words suggest that the author  _  ."], "article": "In our life, there are always some days that will never be forgotten. This was one of those days, a day when we were on a hike, I became my children's hero. This event happened the first summer after we moved to the mountains of Colorado.\nWanting to enjoy the beauty of the mountains, my wife and I planned a day hike to the Brown's Creek waterfall. The kids were excited--a day hike, a chance to experience a waterfall, and a day spent with Dad and Mom.\nOur hike would take us up the Brown's Creek trail   and after about 3 miles the waterfall would be on our left. After slowly climbing the first mile, the trail took us through a beautiful grassland and across the creek   a couple of times. We decided to turn back before reaching the waterfall, mostly because we were tired and still didn't know how much farther  _ was. While crossing the creek by walking on a downed tree trunk, our little Izzie fell into the creek and immediately started moving up and down in the current  .\nImmediately, I jumped into the creek after her. I managed to grab her and push her to the bank. But now, I was the one in need of being rescued. I thought this might be the end and I wasn't sure if I could hold on. Then, I heard the voice of the love of my life, my wife's voice. She shouted loudly--Stand up! Stand up! With the last bit of strength I had, I stood, and walked out of the creek. The kids showed little concern for my health; they were looking after Izzie, now safe in their arms. But I did hear one of the kids say: Thanks Dad, for saving Izzie. You're our HERO!\nAs we walked back down the trail, I enjoyed a rare, but one of those sweet moments in life, that I wouldn't trade for anything on earth. I didn't care about my wet clothes, the squish   of water in my boots, or the embarrassment of nearly drowning in water; none of that mattered. I just walked along following my family, with my head held up, my shoulders back and my chest pushed out proudly enjoying the fact that, at that moment in time, on that particular day in life, I was my children's hero.", "id": "high18142.txt"}