{"answers": ["B", "A", "C"], "options": [["Short history", "Individual efforts", "Political influences", "Language translation"], ["Combining hallucinatory realism with folk tales.", "His description of Chinese urban life.", "Settings from the 1911 revolution, Japan's invasion to Cultural Revolution.", "Providing different social background and cultural mechanism."], ["International characteristics", "International perspectives", "Chinese elements", "Favorable environment"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is NOT the reason for Chinese contemporary literature failed to win the Nobel in the past from the opinions of Xue Yongwu?", "According to Zhang Hongsheng, what is the main characteristic of Mo Yan's works?", "In order to make Chinese contemporary literature better acknowledged across the word, what is the most important from the opinions of Zhang Hongsheng?"], "article": "BEIJING --- Since Mo Yan won the Nobel Prize in Literature, the public has started to consider the way to improve Chinese literature's global presence.\nThe prize indicates that Chinese contemporary authors and their works are getting the world's attention, which inspires writers and amateurs to continue their work, according to Wang Meng, a famous Chinese writer. But \"the prize came a little late,\" said Xue Yongwu, dean of the College of Liberal Arts, Journalism and Communication with Ocean University of China (OUC). There have been many accomplished writers of modern and contemporary literature in China, including Lu Xun, Ba Jin and Mao Dun, who should have won the prize earlier, he noted. China's splendid ancient literature, which extends thousands of years, has been widely acknowledged across the world. However, the contemporary literature failed to get enough recognition from outside the country due to its short history and complex political influences, he explained. Language has also been a barrier. Only a small proportion of Chinese literature has been translated into foreign languages, mainly English. The quality of some translated editions needs improvement, said Xue. \nIn addition to language skills, translation requires high-level comprehension and explanation of culture and art. It's hard for people without any literature background to produce a translation that fully reserves the aesthetic  sense of the original version, according to Ren Dongsheng, professor with the College of Foreign Languages of OUC. The 57-year-old writer is known for his description of Chinese rural life. The settings for his works range from the 1911 revolution, Japan's invasion to Cultural Revolution. Mo combines hallucinatory  realism with folk tales, which is more appealing to the taste of Western readers than the styles adopted by many of his peers, such as Yu Hua, Su Tong and Wang Shuo, said Zhang Hongsheng, dean of the Literature Department of the Communication University of China.  \n    However, \"Nobel Prize is not the unique standard to judge the achievements of a writer. Prizes presented by different organizations adopt various evaluation criteria,\" said Xu Yan, a literature critic. The quality of a literary work is always judged by the topic, language, structure, the way of story-telling, imagination and some other significant elements. People's tastes vary from different social background and cultural mechanism, she added.\n    Chinese contemporary literature, which appeared in 1949, has seen a trend of diversification since the country adopted the market economy in 1992. \"The prize is a positive sign that the West begins to recognize Chinese literature. But it's an acknowledgement of individual efforts, and Chinese literature revival still has a long way to go,\" said Zhang. Xue called upon Chinese writers to produce quality works with international perspectives. Good literature should reveal social problems and people's concerns while create the beauty of art. \"The society should provide favorable environment for the growth of Chinese writers,\" he stressed. Seeking increasing world attention requires Chinese writers to maintain the national characteristics and uniqueness. \"Chinese elements are the last to lose in successful writings,\" Zhang said.\n    China's book market has witnessed booming sales of Mo's masterpieces over the past days. Zhicheng Classic Bookstore, registered at T-Mall of China's largest online retailer Taobao.com, said 1,500 volumes of Mo's latest novel Frog were sold out in six hours after Mo won the prize. The store has received 1,200 reservation orders by 3:30 pm Friday. The book, about China's family-planning policy, also moved up to 14th from 560th on the list of the most populous book at the Amazon.cn withinin two days. Cao Yuanyong, deputy editor-in-chief of Shanghai Literature and Art Publishing Group, said the company is producing the new edition of a collection of Mo's 16 works, which is expected to refill the empty shelves of many book retailers in a week.", "id": "high18148.txt"}