{"answers": ["B", "D", "B", "D", "A"], "options": [["illness", "disaster", "terror", "danger"], ["Thousands of people have been killed in a massive earthquake in Japan.", "Only people in areas that were only moderately damaged are facing a really serious situation in the days.", "The tsunami devastatednot only the coastline in Japan, but also the areas across the Pacific as far away as South America and the U.S. West Coast.", "The massive earthquake caused the tsunami."], ["the one happened in Japan on March 11, 2011", "the one in Chile in 1960", "the fifth largest earthquake since 1900", "We don't know."], ["newspapers and magazines", "some medicine", "paper napkins and toothpastes", "rice balls and bottled water"], ["March 10th newspapers", "TV", "Internet", "Radios"]], "questions": ["The underline word damage means  _   in the article.", "Which is true according to the passage?", "According to the passage, which earthquake is the largest one since 1990 ?", "If you're in Tokyo these days, what you can't get from the convenience store?", "The passage can't be in/on   _  ."], "article": "Thousands of people have been killed in a massive  earthquake in Japan. The quake -- the most powerful to hit Japan in more than 100 years -- caused massive _ and many people are missing and feared dead.\nThe 8.9 magnitude quake struck Friday(March 11) off Japan's eastern coast, and prompted  tsunami warnings across the Pacific as far away as South America and the U.S. West Coast. Several days after a 8.9-magnitude earthquake and resulting 10-meter-high tsunami devastated the coastline. The United States Geological Survey says it was the fifth largest earthquake since 1900. The largest, with a 9.5 magnitude, shook Chile  in 1960.\nIn Japan, the tsunami swept away boats, cars and hundreds of houses in coastal areas north of Tokyo. The quake shook buildings in the Japanese capital and caused several fires. All train and subway traffic in Tokyo has been stopped, and thousands of people there were unable to get back home. People are just trying to find clean water. Food supplies are running out. In the convenience stores, there are no rice balls left. There is no bottled water left. People are facing a really serious situation in the days ahead for these people that are living in areas that were only moderately  damaged. The final death toll could range from the thousands to tens of thousands, depending on how many of these communities are gone.\nJapanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan said the government would do everything it can to minimize  the effects of the disaster. And in Washington, President Obama said the United States is ready to help the people of Japan.", "id": "high1815.txt"}