{"answers": ["D", "C", "B", "C"], "options": [["Because Mandela respected Admiral Horatio Nelson Very much", "Because Mandela was very naughty at school.", "Because Mandela had no formal name at school.", "Because his original name was hard for the teacher to pronounce."], ["Mandela hated white people and the government for white people", "Mandela tried his best to set up a government ruled by black people", "Mandela wanted blacks and whites to live equally and peacefully", "Mandela set up the ruling party of African National Congress"], ["Mandela became a lawyer in order to help the black.", "Mandela kept on studying laws even when he was in prison.", "Mandela disappeared from the public eye after he retired.", "Mandela named many streets and other buildings in his nation."], ["95.", "91.", "81.", "76."]], "questions": ["Why did the teacher give Mandela the name \"Nelson\"?", "We can infer from the passage that", "Which of the following statements is true according to the passage?", "How old was Mandela when he retired?"], "article": "Former South African president Nelson Mandela died on 6 December 2013 Beijing time .President Jacob Zuma announced it in a televised speech to the nation. He was 95. Those 95 years were remarkable.\nAt the age of seven, he entered a local school, where he was given the name \"Nelson\", after Admiral Horatio Nelson of the Royal Navy, by a teacher who had difficulty in pronouncing his African 'name. That name, Rolihlahla , means  \"troublemaker\" .\nIn 1927, when Mandela was nine, he decided to become a lawyer, influenced by the cases that came on his father. In 1942 Mandela entered politics by joining the African National Congress (ANC), South Africa's major liberation movement and today the country's ruling party. It was during this time that he and a small group of mainly young members of the ANC got down to a task transforming the party into a mass movement.\nIn 1952, he was charged and brought to trial for his role in the campaign of fighting against Unjust Laws and given a prison sentence. The 1950s turned out to be a time of hardship and suffering for Mandela-he was banned, arrested and imprisoned.\n   While in prison, Mandela studied by correspondence with the University of London, earning a Bachelor of Law degree. He never faced with his teachers, but his name was familiar to all the teachers by means of his writing letters.\n   After spending 27 years in prison, Mandela became South Africa's first democratically elected president in 1994. He united a fearful country, bringing together blacks and whites in harmony When South Africa was living through violent and troubled times. After serving a five year term as president of the country, he retired from public life, though not from the public eye.\n    He is the greatest son of the nation and a great father of his people. More than l, 115 awards and honors, even the Nobel Peace Prize had been on him. More than 85 streets, roads, avenues, bridges, highways had been named after Mandela.", "id": "high18163.txt"}