{"answers": ["D", "C", "D", "A"], "options": [["It has too many relics on show", "Some art works are being sold there.", "Picasso's paintings will be shown until May Day.", "You can see art exhibits and collections from around the world. '"], ["Cosa Loma", "Art Gallery of Ontario", "Canada's Wonderland", "Toronto Zoo"], ["People can learn archery from some coaches.", "Art exhibits and collections are on display there.", "Tourists can watch wild animals there.", "The village features people dressed up for the 19th century."], ["Hudson is the name of a white lion.", "Leviathan is a tall and long roller coaster.", "Casa Loma has a historic castle in the city.", "Tourists can see many kinds of animals in the Toronto Zoo."]], "questions": ["What is the feature of Art Gallery of Ontario?", "If your child enjoys theme parks, you will go to   _  .", "Which of the following is true about Black Creek Pioneer Village?", "Which of the following does NOT agree with the passage?"], "article": "There are more to enjoy in the city this summer than beaches. Some of Toronto's biggest attractions have new and exciting features for summer 2014,both indoors and out. Here's a look at what's new this summer.\nArt Gallery of Ontario If you are looking to get some culture, there's plenty to see and do at the Art Gallery of Ontario, including art exhibits and collections from around the world. Right now there's Picasso: masterpieces from the Musee National Picasso, Paris>> which runs until April 26.\nCanada's Wonderland Just outside the city limits is Canada's wonderland, the biggest theme park in Canada. This year sees a lot of new additions to the park, most notably   Leviathan, one of the world's longest and tallest roller coasters. There is also an interactive dinosaur park,stage shows for the kids and the Splash Works water park.\nCosa Loma The city's only historic castle is a great place to take the kids for a day of exploration through the castle grounds, gardens and stables. The venue has many events going on throughout the year, and this summer's activities include archery course and Teddy Bear picnics for kids ages two and up.\nBlack Creek Pioneer Village The village features people dressed up for the 19th century, living the old fashioned way. There are gardens, farms filled with domestic animals and more than 30 historical buildings to explore. During the week visitors can tour the grounds, meet with historians, practise Victorian traditions, taste samples, in the brewery and more. The site has activities on holidays,like a Revolutionary War Re-enactment and BBQ   on Father 's day and a Canada Day celebration.\nToronto Zoo The Toronto Zoo has more than 5, 000 animals on display, including some new faces this year. A polar bear cub named Hudson made his debut   in March, and starting in May, there is a pair of rare White Lions in the African Savannah section. Be sure to stay for informative talks and presentations from the animal handlers, presented daily.", "id": "high18173.txt"}