{"answers": ["C", "B", "D", "A"], "options": [["The early development of social work in America.", "Contributions of educated women to American society.", "Jane Addams' work for social reform and world peace.", "The establishment of the Nobel Peace Prize."], ["Until 1930,American women could not vote.", "Jane Addams is most famous for her opening of Hull House.", "Most of the people working with Addams in Hull House were lower-class women.", "The first woman to win the Nobel Prize in Literature was Baroness Berthn Felicie Sophie von Suttner."], ["the National American Woman Suffrage Association", "the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees", "the Women's International League for Peace and Freedom", "the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People"], ["when she visited Toynbee Hall", "before she traveled to. Europe in the 1880s", "when she had an opportunity to do social work", "after she was invited by a \"settlement house\" in Chicago"]], "questions": ["With which of the following subjects is the passage mainly concerned?", "Which of the following can be learned from the passage?", "Jane Addams was a founding member of  _  .", "Jane Addams was inspired to open Hull House  _  ."], "article": "The Nobel Peace Prize is awarded annually and the first woman to win this prize was Baroness Bertha Felicie Sophie von Suttner in 1905. In fact, her work inspired the creation of the Prize. The first American woman to win this prize was Jane Addams, in 1931. However, Addams is best known as the founder of Hull House.\nJane Addams was born in I860, into a wealthy family. She was one of a small number of women in her generation to graduate from college. Her dedication to improving the lives of those around her led her to work for social reform and world peace. In the 1880s Jane Addams travelled to Europe. While she was in London, she visited a \"settlement house\" called Toynbee Hall. Inspired by Toynbee Hall, Addams and her friend, Ellen Gates Starr, opened Hull House in a neighborhood of slums in Chicago in 1899. Hull House provided a day care center for children of working mothers, a community kitchen, and visiting nurses. Addams and her staff gave classes in English literacy, art, and other subjects. Hull House also became a meeting place for clubs and labor unions. Most of the people who worked with Addams in Hull House were well educated, middle-class women. Hull House gave them an opportunity to use their education and it provided a training ground for careers in social work.\nBefore World War I, Addams was probably the most beloved woman in America. In a newspaper poll that asked, \"Who among our contemporaries   are of the most value to the community?\",Jane Addams was rated second, after Thomas Edison. When she opposed America's involvement in World War I, however, newspaper editors called .her a traitor and a fool, but she never changed her mind. Jane Addams was a strong champion of several other causes. Until 1920, American women could not vote. Addams joined in the movement for women's suffrage   and was a vice president of the National American Woman Suffrage Association. She was a founding member of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP), and was president of the Women's International League for Peace and Freedom. Her reputation was gradually restored during the last years of her life. She died of cancer in 1935.", "id": "high18185.txt"}