{"answers": ["D", "C", "B", "A"], "options": [["are imagination of our daily life", "are man's curious look into the future", "have nothing to do with our feelings", "are to some degree connected with our feelings"], ["you are in a state of being cold", "you are in a state of being tired", "you are in a state of hunger", "you should have had your dinner that day"], ["they are interested in exams", "they are often worried about their studies", "they hope for better life", "they show much interest in their studies"], ["is not widely accepted though a bit reasonable", "gives an exact description of our life", "provides us with information of dreams", "is of no use for us"]], "questions": ["From the passage we know that our dreams_.", "In your dream when you feel like eating something it indicates that_.", "Older children often dream of examinations probably because_.", "Some scientists' explanation of dreams_."], "article": "Let us begin by saying what causes our dreams. Our dreams do not come from another world. They are not messages from some outside source .They are not a look into the future, either.\nAll our dreams have something to do with our feelings, fears, longings, wishes, needs and memories. If a person is hungry, or tired, or cold , his dreams may include a feeling of this kind. If the covers on your body, such as a quilt or a blanket, have slipped off your bed, you may dream that you are sleeping on ice or in snow. The material for the dream you will have tonight is likely to come from the experience you have today.\nSo the subject of your dream usually comes from something that has effect on you while you are sleeping(feeling of cold, a noise, a discomfort, etc.)and it may also use your past experiences and the wishes and the interests you have now. This is why children are likely to dream of fairies, older children of school examinations, hungry people of food, home-sick soldiers of their families and prisoners of freedom.\nTo show you how this is happening while you are asleep and how your needs and wishes can all be joined together in a dream, here is the story of the experiment. A man was asleep and the back of his hand was rubbed with a piece of soft cotton. He would dream he was in hospital and his charming girlfriend was visiting him, sitting on the bed and feeling gently his hands!\nThere are some scientists who have made a special study of why we dream, what we dream and what those dreams mean. Their explanation of dreams, though a bit reasonable, is not accepted by everyone but it offers an interesting approach to the problem. They believe that dreams are mostly expressions of wishes that did not come true. In other words dreaming is a way of having your wishes carried out.", "id": "high18196.txt"}