{"answers": ["D", "B", "D", "B"], "options": [["They can get bored easily about everything.", "They might have no time to do the homework.", "They might not pay much attention to learning.", "They cannot easily focus on learning during the day."], ["It is productive.", "It is helpful.", "It is a bad habit.", "It is a waste of time."], ["Because children have no time.", "Because children cannot learn many things.", "Because children do not have enough sleep.", "Because children cannot focus on too many activities."], ["Don't be children's drivers after school.", "Choose activities for your children wisely.", "Make your children learn as much as possible.", "Let children learn something from various subjects."]], "questions": ["What is the biggest disadvantage for children to attend too many lessons after school?", "What should we think of children's playing around aimlessly?", "Why should parents limit the activities our children attend?", "What is the main idea of this passage?"], "article": "During the school year many parents take on the role of driver as they drive their children from one lesson to another .Understandably so. Many of us want our children to have a little taste of everything, from organized sports to music, dance and more. But we can overdo it, leaving our children feeling a little burnt out, and according to parent educator Diane Loisie ,it's their school work which suffers the most. \"After school, if they're busy in a number of sporting events, besides they need to do their homework, then the time they'll feel sleepy is in the classroom. Your child needs free time. So if you're filling up that after school time, then it's during the day that they're going to be taking a break.\"\nProfessor Claire McDermott agrees that there's a lot to be gained from sometimes putting those scheduled lessons and activities away. \"Relaxing time is important for children. It's time just to do the things they want to do. A child can go up to their room, or they can play around. It doesn't look like productive time; parents certainly wouldn't be saying 'Wow, are they ever learning things now?' But this relaxing time gives both the body and the brain just a wonderful chance to relax after a day. It helps a child prepare for sleep, but it also helps to understand the learning that's gone on that day.\"\nIt's hard to prevent signing our kids up for some activities and lessons. After all, many of us want our children to have a head start in life and the chance to join in great activities in the arts or sports is a part of that. However, Loisie feels that in the long run most children feel better with just a few key activities because it gives them an opportunity to master them. \"When we get our children in too many activities because we want our children to experience everything, then what we're doing is setting them up not to be good at one thing or gaining a skill.\" So choose your children's activities wisely. It may be one of the best things you've ever done for your kids... and for the family drivers!", "id": "high1820.txt"}