{"answers": ["B", "A", "B"], "options": [["Young people's enjoyment of kayaking exceeds that of other people.", "Water skiing has more negative effects on the environment than Kayaking.", "Usually, kayaking is only practiced in the summer.", "Whether you can kayak depends on resources available along the shoreline."], ["The environmental impacts of kayaking--is it dangerous?", "The most popular water sports--kayaking", "Advantages and disadvantages of kayaking", "How to keep kayaking a safe and enjoyable activity?"], ["Recycled.", "Environmentally harmless.", "Poisonous.", "Sustainable."]], "questions": ["Which of the following statements is True about Kayaking according to the passage?", "Which is the best title of the passage?", "Which word or expression is closest in meaning to \"biodegradable\"?"], "article": "Kayaking is an activity enjoyed by many people of all ages. It requires little or no experience and nearly anyone of any skill level can participate. It's most popular as a summertime sport, but it is also a great activity during the winter. Kayaking also seems  ly friendly to the environment; more so than speed boating or water skiing. Because a kayak doesn't create large or frequent waves, require fuel, or scatter hazards into the air, it is indeed a fairly safe activity for humans and wildlife alike.\nKayaking on freshwater lakes and streams creates little turbulence and therefore does not disturb fish or other aquatic life. Actually, the gentle paddling and movement of the kayak helps to bring seaweed to the surface, making for convenient snacking to the fish. However, there is a drawback to the all-you-can-buffet for your fishy friends. In addition to bringing food to the surface, kayaking also stirs up litter that's been hiding beneath the waters. Some aquatic animals will mistake it for food. This could cause the animals to choke on the indigestible litter, leading to death. As hazardous as this sounds, it isn't very likely for such an event to take place. Most litter in lakes and streams is found along the shoreline and settles in the sand and dirt, and isn't likely to drift away to the main body of water.\n    ^    . And because kayaks do not have a motor, fish have no risk of getting caught underneath the boat.\nOne potential hazard that results from kayaking is human waste. This depends solely on where you plan to kayak, and if there are resources available (such as campsites) along the shoreline. When there are no facilities in sight, you're paddling in the middle of a lake, and nature calls, then often you are given no choice but to expel your waste in the middle of the water. While human waste is considered biodegradable, it can be harmful when swallowed by fish. The only preventative measure is to avoid using the water as a restroom. Some public lakes and streams have taken steps to preserve the quality of the water by requiring permits for kayaking. This won't eliminate a human waste problem, but does help regulate entry into the lake and prevent it from becoming overcrowded.\nAs an important factor to remember when kayaking is that you are a guest in someone else's home. You may not be greeted by anyone or be able to kick up your feet and watch TV, but the water is home to many aquatic animals and wildlife. Just as you would not throw trash on the floor or destroy the home of another, you shouldn't do it outdoors either. Keep all trash with you in your kayak and properly dispose of it after you return to shore. By doing your part, you will help doing your part, you will help keep kayaking a safe and enjoyable activity for yourself and the environment.", "id": "high18205.txt"}