{"answers": ["A", "B", "C", "C"], "options": [["48 minutes.", "45 minutes.", "80 minutes.", "20 minutes."], ["Better timers, which reduce the time required to cook.", "A fan, which forces the air through the oven on a constant basis.", "Additional heating elements that make certain food be cooked evenly.", "Commercial cooking facilities, which ensure the food is properly prepared."], ["Food will have a gas-like smell.", "Food will be cooked evenly.", "Items on the top rack will cook faster.", "Breads will rise better, be lighter and crispier."], ["Items cooked on the bottom of an oven will not cook properly.", "Food will be cooked evenly.", "It uses either gas or electricity to provide heat.", "It is not easy to use for people who aren't familiar with cooking."]], "questions": ["If it takes 1 hour to cook a dish using a conventional oven, how much time will one need on average to cook the same dish using a convection oven?", "What device makes convection ovens more efficient than conventional ovens?", "According to the passage, which of the following may be expected to occur with the use of a conventional oven?", "Which of the following is True of both convection ovens and conventional ovens?"], "article": "Convection vs. Conventional Ovens\n If you are in the market for a new oven and you've already begun shopping for one, you've probably noticed that there are a few different types. Two of the most popular oven types are conventional and convection. The difference in these two types of ovens is the way in which the heat in the oven is spread during the cooking process.\n Convection ovens\n A convection oven uses a fan which is usually located on the back side of the oven. The purpose of the fan is to force the heated air inside of the oven and circulate it around the item being cooked. The heater air is constantly pushed over and around the food, and therefore a convection oven cooks food much faster than a conventional oven.\n  Not only does a convection oven cook food more quickly than a conventional oven, but it can also thoroughly cook food at lower temperatures. The average amount of time saved when cooking with a convection oven is about 20 percent of the food's normal cooking time. The temperature a convection oven uses to cook food is also about 20 percent lower than a recipe's suggested cooking temperature.\n  Convection ovens are speedier and more efficient than conventional ovens, and therefore may be more expensive. However, professional chefs from around the world swear by them and rely on them for delicious tasting food. Also, since the air circulation in a convection oven is the same throughout, food will cook at the same rate no matter where it is placed in the oven....on the top or bottom rack or near the front or back. \nConventional Oven\nTraditionally, most personal residences in the United States come equipped with a modern conventional oven. These are the most common types of household ovens, and are used every day to cook all sorts of meals, desserts, breads, and many other types of food.\nConventional ovens are similar to convection ovens in that they both cook food using heat. They both have the ability to use either gas or electricity, depending on the hook-up in a home. Some may use either gas or electricity simply depending on what is plugged in to them, and some are made to be either gas specific or electricity specific.\n In a conventional oven, the heat circulation in the oven can become blocked by pots and pans inside of the oven, which will result in uneven cooking. Uneven cooking is especially noticeable when both the bottom and top racks in the oven are being used at the same time. The items on top will cook faster because heat rises to the tops and when there is a lot in the oven, the heat gets trapped there. \n There are pros and cons to both conventional and convection ovens. Conventional ovens have been serving people for years and years and food has been cooked successfully in them for many decades. Convection ovens have many followers and fans, but these types of ovens can be hard to get used to...especially for novice cooks.", "id": "high18206.txt"}