{"answers": ["D", "C", "B", "A"], "options": [["how to become a VJ", "the most popular VJ today", "the differences between DJs and VJs", "some general information about VJs"], ["They are both owned by MTV", "They are music video channels in Asia", "They have viewers in more than one country", "They do not use VJs to introduce music"], ["She speaks more than one language", "Her family were all born inMalaysia", "She's popular in quite a lot of Asian countries", "She is a successful VJ"], ["Speaking many different languages", "Listening to a lot of music", "Talking easily with different people", "Being able to make people laugh"]], "questions": ["The passage is mainly about   _  .", "What do Channel V and VIVA have in common?", "Which is NOT true about Asha Gill?", "Which of the following does the passage NOT mention as being important for someone who wants to be a VJ?"], "article": "DJs(disc jockeys) are the people who play and present music on the radio, or in nightclub. A VJ(video jockey) is a person who introduces music videos on television.\nVJs were first seen on television in the early 1980s when MTV went on the air. As MTV became popular, and the audience for music videos expanded, a variety of other music video channels started broadcasting. In addition to rock music, there were channels for people who had a lot of interest in alternative kinds of music, such as country music, light music, and R&B(rhythm and blues), and all of these channels needed VJs. By the 1990s, international music video channels like Channel V in Asia and VIVA in Europe had started.\nThe VJs for the new international stations had to be chosen carefully. Although some VJs did shows that focused on small audiences and showed mostly local content, other VJs presented shows for international viewers. These VJs, and the material they presented, needed to be popular in several different cultures.\nOne successful international VJ in Asia is Asha Gill. She is from prefix = st1 /Malaysia, but her parents and grandparents are fromIndia,FranceandEngland. She speaks three languages and has fans across Asia, fromJapanto theUnited Arab Emirates.\nAnother VJ who has made a big hit in Asia is Lili. She is actually a computer-\nAnimated  VJ on MTV Asia. An actress wearing special computer equipment makes Lili move like a puppet . The actress also talks for Lili, and her shows can be seen in five languages.\n   When asked what makes a good video jockey, many successful VJs have given similar answers. To be a good VJ you need to know a lot about music, you need to be funny, and you can't be shy.", "id": "high18217.txt"}