{"answers": ["A", "B", "B"], "options": [["To seek freedom.", "To seek wealth.", "To seek good education.", "To seek a good job."], ["Hopeful.", "Disappointed.", "Optimistic.", "Neutral."], ["The American Dream is deeply-rooted in the national psyche.", "The concept of the American Dream has gone through changes throughout the time.", "American Dream is still firmly believed by the majority of the immigrants.", "The concept of American Dream will remain unchanged in the next two decades."]], "questions": ["Why did the Belarskys come to the US according to the passage?", "What is Cheyanne Smith and Franscisco Curiel's attitude toward American Dream?", "What can be inferred from the passage?"], "article": "What Is Today's American Dream\nThey may not have called it the American Dream, but for centuries people have gone to America in search of freer, happier, and richer lives. But is today's American Dream a mythical concept or still a reality?\nIsabel Belarsky's tiny Brooklyn apartment fills with the sound of her father's voice. Sidor Belarsky sings an Aria in Russian and 90-year-old Isabel, her lips painted an elegant red, sways gently to the song coming from her stereo.\nIsabel speaks with pride about her father's talent and his success as an opera singer: Albert Einstein was such a fan she says that he invited Sidor to accompany him on his speaking engagements and would ask him to sing to the audience.\nHow the Belarskys came to be in America is an extraordinary tale that Isabel loves to tell. It was the offer of a six-month job by a Mormon college president, who had seen Sidor singing in Leningrad, that enabled the Belarskys to escape from Stalin's Russia in 1930. \"Our dream was being in America,\" Isabel says. \"They loved it. My mother could never think of Russia, it was her enemy and my father, he made such a wonderful career here.\"\nLike generations of immigrants before them, the Belarskys came to America in search of freedom--to them the American Dream meant liberty. But Isabel says it promised even more. \"The dream is to work, to have a home and to get ahead. You can start as a janitor and become the owner of the building.\"\nThe American Dream is not written into the constitution but it is so ingrained in the national psyche that it might as well be. Many point to the second sentence in the Declaration of Independence--the \"certain unalienable rights\" that include \"life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness\" as the \"official\" version of the phrase. But it was actually in 1931 that the term was popularized, when historian James Truslow Adams wrote in The Epic of America that the Dream means \"a better, richer, and happier life for all our citizens of every rank\".\nThe concept of the American Dream has not stayed static. For European immigrants, like Isabel, fleeing persecution in the first half of the last century, the Dream was about a life without persecution. \nBut somewhere in the middle of the last century the dream changed. As America's post war economy boomed, the new arrivals wanted more than freedom--they wanted a share of the prosperity as well. \nIn the 1950s, TV commercials featured housewives proudly showing off kitchens filled with gleaming appliances. The quest for liberation became a quest for Coca Cola. As the century wore on, the materialistic slant of the dream overtook the political side. Dallas and Dynasty suggested this was a country where it was possible to become not just rich, but filthily rich.\nCheyanne Smith was shocked at the deprivation that greeted her in America. She arrived in New York from the Caribbean seven years ago. Having watched endless American TV shows as a child, she thought she knew what to expect when her family moved to Brooklyn. Instead, the deprivation of one of New York's poorest neighbourhoods shocked her.\n\"I thought this is not America because this is not what I see on television,\" she says. Like Cheyanne, 18-year-old Franscisco Curiel is also ambitious. He came from Mexico City three years ago to go to college here but he's worried that Brooklyn's schools aren't going to give him a good enough education. \"The system is broken; we can't get the superior education that they supposedly want to give us,\" he says.\nThrough the centuries America's immigrants have endured terrible hardship and sacrifice so that they and their children can get ahead. Perhaps it's not surprising to hear the members of the Bushwick youth group lament the multiple, low paid jobs that their parents must do simply to get the rent paid and put food on the table. What is startling is that these bright, ambitious youngsters just don't believe that talent and hard work are enough to ensure they will ever have a shot at that mythical American Dream.", "id": "high18234.txt"}