{"answers": ["B", "C", "B", "A"], "options": [["help foreigners to travel in China", "help both Chinese and foreigners to find one they want to marry", "help Chinese and foreigners make friends", "receive letters from the USA"], ["He was sure of finding a Chinese woman as his wife at first.", "He was determined to find a Chinese woman as his wife.", "He almost lost hope in finding a perfect wife until he found Ying.", "No women wrote to him before Ying."], ["she was a Chinese", "she had much in common with Arthur", "other women stopped writing to Arthur", "she was cute and nice and often phoned to Arthur"], ["being honest with the partner and oneself", "help from the website", "difference in languages and places", "difference in cultures"]], "questions": ["We can infer from the letter that Chinese love links is a website to", "Which of the following is true about Arthur's story?", "Ying stood out from the rest because", "Arthur thinks  _  is the most important in finding someone one wants to marry."], "article": "To all of you at Chinese love links, I am 44 years old and never married. I have always wanted to find that perfect someone that I dream about. For about the last five years I have almost given up the hope of ever finding the one I truly wish to spend the rest of my life with.\nI have always tried to be a nice guy. I had found your website some four or five months before. I did not know what to expect. I don't know how to speak Chinese and never thought truly of how I was to an Asian woman.\nWell, I had a lot of replies from some very nice and pretty women. I had a hard time finding only a couple to write to. But one stood out from the rest. She was cute, nice and seemed to hold a lot of the same values as I do. In a short time I had decided to write only to her. We communicated via e - mails 2 - 3 times a day and phone calls once or twice a week. \nI went and met her and her family only a week ago. Her name is Ying and she lives in prefix = st1 /Nanning. I foundNanningto be one of the most beautiful cities I had ever been to. We had even decided to marry and to bring her to theUSAunder the fiancee visa. Not only did she meet everything I had ever hoped to find in someone else but turned out to be what every woman should be like, at least the ones I have met. We plan to marry as soon as she is here and start a family together as neither of us has children but we both want them.\nSo to anyone out there reading this, I can only say this: You may not find what you are looking for if you're not honest with your partner and yourself. This site worked for me mostly because I was honest with something that I wanted in someone else. When I did find her, love can work even across the other side of the world, between language differences and cultural differences. I wish you all luck in finding your perfect match. I have finally found mine and wishto give all my thanks to those at Chinese love links to help make it happen.\nSincerely yours,\nArthur", "id": "high18256.txt"}