{"answers": ["A", "D", "A", "B"], "options": [["Spain is eager to improve its economic competitiveness", "it is urgent to increase sleeping hours for Spaniards", "Spanish schools suffer form high drop-out rates", "71 years has passed since Spain was ruled by Nazi"], ["an eight-hour workday is soon to be put into practice in Spain", "people are used to working late into the evening in Spain", "heavy workloads require a two-hour nap for working people", "the current workday pattern does not win much favor among city workers"], ["the new schedule will allow families more free time", "women will probably benefit from the new schedule", "economic structure influences economic performance", "men can escape housework in the existing schedule"], ["Lifestyle changes in Spain", "Time for Spain to turn back", "Spain's time zone issues", "Spain's work hour regulation"]], "questions": ["Spain is thinking about changing the current time system because   _  .", "We can learn from the passage that   _  .", "According to the passage, Duran may agree with the following except that   _  .", "Which of the following is the best title for the passage?"], "article": "Trying to recover from a devastating economic crisis, Spain is considering moving the country's clock back by one hour.\nMany people regard long afternoon naps and late dinners as perfect aspects of the Spanish way of life. Until the 1940s, Spain was on the same time as Britain and Portugal. In World War II, Spain and Portugal moved the clocks forward to align them with Nazi Germany. The same happened in Portugal. After the defeat of Hitler, Portugal returned to Greenwich Mean Time, but Spain did not.\n\"The fact that for more than 71 years Spain has not been in its proper time zone means we sleep almost an hour less than the World Health Organization recommends,\" lawmakers in the Spanish Parliament wrote in a proposal.\"This has a negative effect on productivity, absenteeism, stress, accidents and school drop-out rates.\"\nLast September, a parliamentary commission recommended that the government turn back the clocks by one hour and introduce a regular eight-hour workday. For the time being, the Spanish government is treating the campaign seriously but it hasn't taken any action yet.\nSpain's time zone issue explains why everything in Spain happens later, from meal times to broadcast entertainment (primetime doesn't start until 10 pm). Many urban Spaniards complain of a never-ending workday that begins in the morning but is interrupted by a traditional late-morning break and then again by the midday siesta--a two-hour long lunch and nap that usually start at 2 pm. If workers return to their desks at 4 pm, they end up working late into the evening.\nUnder the proposed new schedule, the lunchtime break would be cut to an hour or less. The interruption-filled Spanish workday would be replaced by something closer to a 9-to-5 schedule. Ignacio Buqueras, president of the Association for the Rationalization of Spanish Working Hours, told The New York Times that changing the Spanish schedule would be good news for working mothers. It would also allow families more free time together and boost Spain's economic recovery.\nMaria Angles Duran, a sociologist with the Spanish National Research Council, is skeptical that changing the time zone will reverse low productivity, which she attributes more to the structure of the service-oriented economy. But she agreed that a more normal work schedule would help women, who often complain that their husbands deliberately schedule meetings in the early evening.\n\"For men, this is perfect,\" Duran said, \"They arrive home and the children have already had their baths! Timetables can be used as a sort of weapon.\"", "id": "high18252.txt"}