{"answers": ["D", "D", "B", "A"], "options": [["do much of their work in California", "avoid climbing steep hills in their work", "do their work equipped with advanced tools.", "carry out their work mostly in forests and mountains."], ["To signal for help.", "To remove obstacles.", "To protect trees and bushes.", "To prevent the fire from spreading."], ["They are firefighters working in big cities.", "Their work requires physical strength.", "They are voluntary firefighters working for free.", "They usually hold a hose to put out the fires."], ["Appreciative", "Doubtful", "Worried", "Critical"]], "questions": ["67. The firefighters mentioned in the passenger.", "68. According to the passage, why do the firefighters light \"backfires\"?", "69. What can we learn about the Golden Eagles Hotshots?", "70. What is the author's attitude towards the Golden Eagles Hotshots?"], "article": "You may picture firefighters holding a hose   outside of a burning building, but the Golden Eagles Hotshots don't fight fires quite that way. When they go into action, you may not even see a fire truck.\nThe Hotshots are firefighters who battle fires in wildness areas. But don't think you'll only find them in their home state California. Wherever there is a national wildfire emergency, the Golden Eagles Hotshots could be there.\nBut these firefighters don't work the same way as firefighters in a big city. They work in areas where there are a large number of trees, bushes, and grass. They climb up and down steep hills to clear brush and burnable debris . They sometimes use water, but they often fight fire with fire!\nThey do that by lighting what are called \"backfires,\" which are small, controlled fires that burn up fuel in the path of large wildfires. That way, when the wildfire gets there, it has nothing to burn and nowhere to go, because all the burnable fuel has already gone up in smoke.\nThe Hotshots also clear away fuel using old-fashioned hard work. For example, they use a saw to cut away trees and heavy brush that could catch fire.\nOf course there are times when the Golden Eagles Hotshots do have trucks to supply water to the fires. But the water is limited, and these guys have to rely on hard work more than anything. Physical fitness is very important. They have to be in great physical shape to handle steep hills and difficult terrain  while carrying a 60-pound pack.\nThe Golden Eagles Hotshots definitely work hard for their pay. But thanks to their efforts, many lives have been saved, many houses have not burned, and countless trees are still standing.", "id": "high1826.txt"}