{"answers": ["C", "A", "D", "B"], "options": [["Because Christmas is drawing near.", "Because she was interested in cloning.", "Because she couldn't live without him.", "Because other cats are afraid of water."], ["the public don't know Julia's personal information", "Julia doesn't like her cloned cat very much", "there is no difference between Nicky and ordinary cats", "Julia wants to clone a dog in the future"], ["Many people would have their cats cloned if their cats died.", "Cloned animals are healthier than those born in the natural way.", "News reporters told some angry people Julia's name and address.", "People could get the money back if they aren't satisfied with the cloned pets."], ["earn more money by cloning animals", "clone more animals at a lower cost", "stop Julia from cloning her cat", "solve the health problems of the cloned animals"]], "questions": ["Why did Julia have her cat Nicky cloned?", "We can conclude from the passage that   _  .", "Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage?", "According to the passage, GSC hopes to   _  ."], "article": "What would you do if your pet cat died just before Christmas? Many cat lovers would go out and buy another cat. But one American woman was unable to bear life without her much loved pet cat Nicky. He had been with her for 17 years; and when she knew he was going to die, she had him cloned. Little Nicky was cloned by an American company, called GSC. But the new cat cost his owner $50,000.\n\"He is the same. His characteristics are the same,\" the woman told news reporters. The company, Sausalito-based Genetic Savings and Clone, made her available to speak to reporters only on condition that her name or hometown was not used. The woman said she feared being the target of groups against cloning.\n\"Nicky loved water, which is an unusual characteristic of cats. Little Nicky jumped into my bath. Most cats are afraid of water, but Little Nicky is different: he loves it, just like my old cat,\" said the woman, who said she was in her early 40s and worked in the airline industry. The company delivered Little Nicky two weeks ago and was expected to publicly announce the news on Thursday.\nHowever, the cat's creation has raised heated debate. Many people have said they felt disgusted at the amount of money spent on cloning a cat. They said that she should have chosen one of the many cats without a home -- cats like this are a common problem in many countries. The woman has only told news reporters her first name, Julia, but she has already received nearly 100 frightening letters from angry people, who say that cloning is against nature. Little Nicky was not only expensive, but also, like all cloned animals, may have more health problems than an animal which was born in the usual way.\nGSC said it had to try 80 times before it succeeded in producing a cloned cat. The company is now using new techniques and soon they hope to produce cloned dogs as well as cats. GSC said that if people were not happy with the cloned cats or dogs, they could have their money back. At the moment the cost of cloning is very high, but the manager of CSC said he hoped that eventually it would go down, and that in five years, the cost should be $20,000 for a dog or $10,000 for a cat.", "id": "high18270.txt"}