{"answers": ["D", "A", "C", "D"], "options": [["they were of the same age", "they had the same hair styles", "they were both tall", "they were both new students"], ["to go to her home", "to go to the movie", "to go to a park", "to go to a pizza place"], ["awkward and shy", "rich and happy", "friendly and lovely", "quiet and lonely"], ["How to make up stories.", "How to deal with enemies.", "How to live a better life.", "How to make friends."]], "questions": ["The writer and Lisa were similar in the way that  _  .", "One day Lisa invited the writer  _   .", "In the passage the writer described Lisa as a girl who was   _", "Which of the following did the writer learn from Lisa?"], "article": "My Best Enemy\nOnce again, I was in a new school. So was a girl in my class named Lisa. That's where the similarities ended.\nI was tall and she was small. My thick black hair had been recently cut short into an untidy style. Her natural blonde hair flowed to her waist and looked great. I was 12 and one of the oldest in the class while she was 11 and the youngest. I was awkward and shy. She wasn't. I couldn't stand her, considering her my enemy. But she liked me and wanted to be friends.\nOne day, she invited me over and I said yes--I was too shocked to answer any other way. My family had moved six times in six years, and I had never managed to develop any friendships. But this girl who wore the latest fashions wanted me to go home with her after school.\nShe lived in a fun part of town that had two pizza places, an all-night bookstore, a movie theater and a park. As we walked from the school bus stop through her neighborhood, I tried to guess which house might be hers. Was it the white one with the perfect lawn or the three-story house with a front porch? I got very surprised when she led me into an old apartment building. She lived on the fourth floor in a two-room place with her mother,her stepfather, her two brothers and her sister.\nWhen we got into the room she shared with her sister, she took out a big case of Babies, which was my next surprise. I had never played with them. We sat on the floor,laughing as we made up crazy stories about the Babies. We found out that we both wanted to be writers when we were older and both had wild imaginations. We had a great day that afternoon.\nLisa was loved by the whole neighborhood. The bookstore owners lent her fashion magazines; the movie theater gave her free tickets... Soon I was included in her magic world. We slept over at each other's houses and spent every free moment together.\nLisa, my first real friend since childhood, helped me get through the rough year of early adolescence  and taught me an amazing and very surprising thing about making friends: that your worst enemy can turn out to be your best friend.", "id": "high1827.txt"}