{"answers": ["C", "B", "D"], "options": [["day care should be widely spread", "the family relationship is different in traditional societies", "children under three should be sent to nursery schools", "children over three will stop crying when leaving parents"], ["Day care is safe, otherwise there wouldn't be so many nursery schools.", "Parents find the immediate effects of early day care difficult to deal with.", "Many studies show that day care has a positive effect on children's development.", "Separation from parent for very young children is common in some traditional societies."], ["children under three should stay with their parents", "the effects of early day care on children are exaggerated", "early day care has positive effects on children's development", "the issue is controversial and its settlement calls for the use of statistics"]], "questions": ["The passage primarily argues whether   _  .", "Which of the following statements is NOT against Bowlby's theory?", "The writer's attitude towards early day care is that   _  ."], "article": "The British psychoanalyst John Bowlby maintains that separation from the parents during the sensitive \"attachment\" period from birth to three may scar a child's personality and lead to emotional problems in later life. Some people have drawn the conclusion from Bowlby's work that children should not be subjected to day care before the age of three because of the parental separation it causes, and many people do believe this. But there are also arguments against such a strong conclusion.\nFirstly, anthropologists point out that the insulated love affair between children and parents found in modern societies does not usually exist in traditional societies. For example, in some tribal societies, such as the Ngoni, the father and mother of a child did not bring up their infant alone - far from it. Secondly, common sense tells us that day care would not be so widespread today if parents, care-takers found children had problems with it. Statistical studies of this kind have not yet been carried out, and even if they were, the results would be certain to be complicated and controversial.\nThirdly, in the last decade, there have been a number of careful American studies of children in day care, and they have uniformly reported that day care had a neutral or slightly positive effect on children's development. But tests that have had to be used to measure this development are not widely enough accepted to settle the issue.\nBut Bowlby's analysis raises the possibility that early day care has delayed effects. The possibility that such care might lead to, say, more mental illness or crime 15 or 20 years later can only be explored by the use of statistics. Whatever the long-term effects, parents sometimes find the immediate effects difficult to deal with. Children under three are likely to protest at leaving their parents and show unhappiness. At the age of three or three and a half almost all children find the transition to nursery easy, and this is undoubtedly why more and more parents make use of child care at this time. The matter, then, is far from clear-cut, though experience and available evidence indicate that early care is reasonable for infants.", "id": "high18284.txt"}