{"answers": ["B", "D", "B", "D"], "options": [["celebrate a special family occasion", "please her during a weekend visit", "congratulate her on her birthday", "beg her pardon for ignoring her"], ["Gift watches.", "A bunch of flowers.", "Artwork made by hand.", "Stories written by himself."], ["Interesting.", "Challenging.", "Time-wasting.", "Popular."], ["the writer is a successful novelist", "most people are particular about gifts", "the writer's grandma has a good taste in art", "the writer's family will give gifts on regular days"]], "questions": ["The writer chose a gift for Grandma to   _  .", "What gift did the writer finally decide to give his grandma?", "How does the writer feel about giving gifts to women?", "We can learn from the passage that   _  ."], "article": "B  Gift Idea\nThe other day I was shopping for Grandma when I realized I had no gift ideas at all. It was not a birthday gift or anything like that. It was simply sort of a hello gift. That is how we do things in my family. We don't really give gifts for special occasions. Instead, we occasionally just give presents to each other to tell other people that we are thinking about them. \nThat was why I wanted a gift for Grandma. But it was like my imagination had dried up.  I have gone through all of the gift ideas in previous years, fruits, wines, cheeses, little handmade crafts, and anything else that you can give to a grandmother. I had even given her gift watches, and CDs. What else was there?\nI have always found gift ideas for men a little bit easier than for women, because for men, you can always get the usual things, such as video games, power tools and things like that. With a woman's gift idea, however, you have to know more about her. You cannot just get someone a book or a CD. You have to know all about her taste in movies, music, and literature. \nMy grandmother likes to read a lot, but what she likes is always pretty popular. I didn't want to get her a book that she might not like, but I was running out of time. I needed a gift idea for this weekend and went to visit her. After all, I hadn't seen her for a long time. I wanted to give her a gift so she would not feel ignored. \nFinally, I came up with the perfect gift idea. I made a collection of all the stories I had written in the past year. It wasn't a typical gift idea like a bunch of flowers, but it really worked in the situation. You see, I am a writer and my grandma has always been my fan. \nAnyway, I had been learning about bookbinding recently, and had pretty much mastered the art. I figured that I would add a little bit of handmade artwork to the stories, bind it altogether, and give it to her. It took hours to complete, but it was well worth the effort. She  ly loved it.", "id": "high18286.txt"}