{"answers": ["C", "C"], "options": [["Google Glass is an immature product.", "They are acting cautiously in designing Google Glass.", "People can take photos without eyeing the objects.", "Google Glass is just as normal as a smart phone."], ["The Disadvantages of Google Glass.", "A New Way to Gain More Information.", "Privacy Concerns of Google Glass.", "A Revolutionary Technology."]], "questions": ["According to Google Company, which of the following statements about Google Glass is NOT true?", "Which of the followings is the best title of this passage?"], "article": "Google Glass, a wearable computer, will not go on sale for many months. But the resistance is already under way. The glasses-like device, which allows users to access the Internet, take photos and shoot videos, has been banned by a bar in Seattle, because according to the bar' owner, the bar was \"kind of a private place.\" Besides, large parts of Las Vegas will not welcome wearers. \nGoogle Glass is a pair of glasses with a tiny computer attached to the right earpiece and has the ability to capture any chance encounter and broadcast it to millions. As personal technology becomes increasingly invisible, it is causing questions of whether it will rob people of privacy.  \nAs Google sees it, Glass is a revolutionary new way to quickly and effortlessly connect people with information. Google stresses that Glass is a work in its early stage, with test versions now being released to 2,000 developers. The company hopes they'll be seen as normal and become accepted in the same way smart phones are. The wearer has to speak or touch the device to activate  it, and must look directly at someone to take a photograph or video of them. \"We are thinking very carefully about how we design Glass because new technology always raises new issues,\" said Courtney Hohne, a Google spokeswoman. \nCritics view Glass as an unfriendly new technology that could rob people of what few privacy they have left. They think Google is downplaying the privacy and security risks. According to Google, it's obvious when someone is taking pictures or recording a video on Glass. Developers, however, are pushing the limits. One created a small sensation in tech circles with a program that eliminated the need for gestures or voice commands. To snap a picture, all the user needed to do was wink .\nImagine a surveillance  device that you could wear on your body all day without anyone being the wiser. Out on the street, in the subway, at a bar or cafe, people would never know whether the stranger next to them is secretly recording their every move. It is really a privacy disaster.", "id": "high18303.txt"}