{"answers": ["D", "B", "C", "A"], "options": [["Because there are fewer heroes than before.", "Because they themselves are more self-centered.", "Because they have lost faith in today's life style.", "Because they rush to find faults with any person."], ["knew little about their heroes", "were willing to invent stories", "were disliked by readers", "hid some achievements of their heroes"], ["They show no respect to facts.", "They choose to ignore heroes' greatness.", "Their writing style has aroused criticism.", "We benefit from their truthfulness."], ["People's attitude.", "The true greatness of heroes.", "The author's arguments.", "Biographers' truthfulness."]], "questions": ["Why do the young now refuse to admire anyone?", "Early biographers of great people   _  .", "Which of the following statements about modern biographers is true?", "What is essential in solving the problem mentioned in the passage?"], "article": "Many articles have appeared in recent years, claiming that there are no more heroes in the world. The authors says that the young now refuse to admire anyone and that we are living in a world too well informed, too curious showing us the faults of the public figures who could become today's stars, until we lose faith and start looking for defects in any person who seems worthy of respect. \nIs it true that we know too much? Were our ancestors lucky to be only partly informed? Those who read the first biographies of George Washington, Joan of Arc, or other great men and women of the past were not told that their hero had bad breath or disliked his mother; they only found a description of his great accomplishments and their admiration was strengthened. In fact, early biographers didn't hesitate to make up an admirable story or two about their hero. The man who wrote the first biography of Washington, for instance, invented the cherry tree; he admitted later that there was no truth in it, but he said that it would give young men a good example to follow. His readers didn't seem to object; the book was reprinted eighty times--a great success in those days.\nModern biographers do not invent such stories; they respect the facts, as indeed they should. But we pay a price for their truthfulness, for in their efforts to show \"the whole person,\" they tell us more than we really need to know about private lives, family secrets, and human weakness. The true greatness of a fine man is often forgotten in the display; and people lose not only their admiration for him, but their willingness to trust any other \"star\" completely.\nIt may be difficult to be a hero in the world these days, under the searching eyes of the society. But surely excellence has not disappeared completely; there are still individuals who are superior to their fellow men by their wisdom, their courage, or their character. They can be heroes if people are willing to ignore their human imperfection and to admit the respect that their admirable qualities inspire. Heroes are needed everywhere, at any time. It's a sad sky that has no shining stars.", "id": "high18302.txt"}