{"answers": ["B", "A", "A"], "options": [["begin with some specific persons", "come up with an idea", "describe a famous place", "organize your thoughts"], ["writing poems needs imagination and the ability to use language well", "people can get more ideas if they often share their poems with others", "people should first learn to write epic poetry, then dramatic poetry", "people need to write down every feeling they want to release at a time"], ["To tell readers how to write a poem.", "To encourage more people to write poems.", "To show what quality a good poem should have.", "To teach people how to appreciate poems."]], "questions": ["When you begin to write a poem, you should first  _  .", "We can infer from the text that  _  .", "What's the purpose of the text?  _"], "article": "Poetry is an interesting form of writing. It is very free, has few _ and can be a great way to express feelings. Writing a poem is all about observing the world within you or around you.\nTo write a poem, first you should begin with an idea or inspiration. Inspiration may come at any time unexpectedly. It may be a specific person, place or thing that causes some sort of strong emotion. It may be more of an abstract idea or release of emotion.\nAfter getting the idea, you can write down everything that comes to mind. Don't think much and let all feelings pour out. Remember everything can be thrown out later.\nThen, you can think about its form and begin to organize thoughts. Poetry comes in many forms, from epic poetry that has a story to dramatic poetry intended to be performed. Try them all out. One will come naturally. Maybe different poems fit different forms. When you write a poem, think about bothmeter  and rhythm carefully, which are equally important in poetry. Meter is the fixed pattern of the poem, while rhythm refers to the sound when it is spoken. It is also important to use a lot of descriptive words. Createimagery  with words, trying to make them attractive to all the senses. Forauditory  interest, try repeating of similar sounds in a sentence or phrase. All of this adds life and interest to a poem.\nAfter you finish your work, don't be afraid to share your work with others. When others point out your weakness, accept and grow from it.", "id": "high1831.txt"}