{"answers": ["B", "D", "A", "A"], "options": [["The benefits of wearing high heels.", "The dangers caused by wearing flip-flops.", "The advantages and disadvantages of wearing flip-flops.", "Some advice on how to avoid injuries caused by wearing high heels."], ["Twisted ankles.", "Joint pains.", "Aching toes.", "Broken toes"], ["Cautious", "Unclear .", "Regretful.", "Positive."], ["A number of women like to wear flip-flops regularly in summer.", "Wearing high heels is no more dangerous than wearing flip-flops.", "Flip-flops are only worn by people at the beach in the summertime.", "It's better to wear flip-flops on hard flat surfaces than on uneven ground."]], "questions": ["What is the text mainly about?", "Injuries caused by wearing the casual footwear include the following EXCEPT   _  .", "What is the Emma Supple's attitude to wearing flip-flops according to the text?", "What can we infer from the text?"], "article": "Compared to high heels , they don't look dangerous, but flip-flop wearers should think twice before slipping on a pair. The National Health Service spends PS40 million a year treating injuries caused by wearing the casual footwear. More than 200,000 people end up in hospital every year after suffering falls or developing long-term problems.  \nOnce worn only at the beach, flip-flops have become the regular summer footwear of choice for women, with two in five women owning at least one pair.\nBut experts are warning the public of the dangers of wearing flip-flops, such as the risk of joint pains. They say flip-flops force people to change the way they walk so that when taking a walk with long steps they put pressure on the outside of their foot, rather than their heel, causing long-term damage. And there is also the risk of serious injury. Frequent complaints include twisted ankles, but some have broken their arms or wrists after falling because their flip-flops caught on uneven ground. Many also suffer aching toes as they constantly wear them.\nMike, a spokesman, warned wearers of the damage done by flip-flops. He said, \"They land on the outside and then roll the foot inwards putting all the pressure on the big toe.\" This constant rolling puts pressure on the ankle joint, causing it to weaken. The lack of support of the flip-flop also causes pain on the inside of the foot and lower leg. And if you're not used to wearing them, they can cause blisters  , he added.\nDoctors say flip-flops cause far more damage as they are worn for longer periods of time. Emma Supple, consultant podiatrist   , said, \"Flip-flops are universally popular. They are easy to put on and easy to wear but women do need to be mindful that wearing on hard flat surfaces can cause considerable foot and leg problems.\" She encouraged women to wear suitable shoes to help recover from summertime injuries.", "id": "high18318.txt"}