{"answers": ["A", "C", "C", "D", "B"], "options": [["Never cheat", "Copy from books", "Look at others' answers", "Ask others for answers"], ["Leaving with the classroom door open", "Taking money from your classmates", "Phoning your parents and let them know", "Speaking to strangers"], ["Selling others' information for money", "Playing games all night", "Getting help with homework", "Finding answers in an exam"], ["tell the truth", "help people in need", "have new ideas", "surf the Internet as they like"], ["To give advice on how to run a school", "To tell students how to be top ones", "To advise students how to be good persons", "To give information about how to be a good teacher"]], "questions": ["What should top students do in an exam?", "Which is your best choice if you have to go back home late?", "What can children use the good Web pages for?", "According to the new rules, the best students should do a lot of things EXCEPT  _  .", "What's the purpose of the passage?"], "article": "Huangshi will have new rules about behaviour standards for middle school students very soon. Middle Schools are going to use a new way to decide who the top students are. The best students won't only have high marks. The new rules will be used first in No. 2 Middle School of Huangshi in September 2015. The following are some of the new rules.\n   Tell the truth  Have you ever cheated in an exam, for example, copying answers from a book or looking at other students' answers? Don't do it again! That's not something honest students should do.\nDo more at school   Good students don't only think of themselves, but they also care for other people and the surrounding. Look at the people around you; do they need help? Give a hand to whoever is in need. You are in a big family! Pay attention to the environment. Wherever possible, do something to protect the earth we live on.\nBe open to new ideas  Have you ever thought people may live on the moon or travel in space? Having new ideas means possible inventions and discoveries.\nProtect yourself  Has a thief ever broken into your classroom and taken your money from your schoolbag? Don't let it happen again. And if you have to go back home late, you should let your parents know.\nUse the Internet carefully  The Internet can be very useful for your study. But some things on the Internet aren't good for kids, so try to look at the good Web pages, which you can use for fun or homework.", "id": "high18334.txt"}