{"answers": ["C", "B", "D", "A"], "options": [["Students.", "Educators.", "Book lovers.", "Parents."], ["An email address.", "An account.", "A timeline.", "A list"], ["review books you have recently read", "make your selection process even easier", "find the books your friends didn't read recently", "record what you want to read next"], ["the apps on Goodreads", "how to use Goodreads", "functions of Goodreads", "how to find books"]], "questions": ["Who is the potential readers of the passage ?", "What is essential for you to use Goodreads ?", "A \"to read\" list is bound to help you   _   .", "Para.4 is mainly about   _  ."], "article": "Goodreads. com is a website for book lovers everywhere. If you love to read, and if you love social networking, you should check out Goodreads. The website marries social networking and books in such a way as makes your friends' reading progress easy to follow and makes it simpler than ever to find your next reading material. Goodreads is a social network for readers. Like Facebook or Twitter, it allows you to share information. Unlike most popular social networks, Goodreads also allows you to show your friends your progress on the book you are reading and to write reviews for everything you've ever read. You can see and comment on your friends' reading progress.\nGoodreads is simple to use. When you sign up for an account, you will be able to find your friends by their email addresses or other social network accounts. Once you have some friends, every time you log in, you will see a timeline of their updates. You can see when they've added a book to a list, or when they've finished or reviewed a book. As soon as you have an account, you can also start looking for books you've read or that you want to read and added them to your lists. Once you finish reading a book, you can go to the book page and review it by giving it any number out of five stars. If you wish to write a longer review, you can do that, too.\n   If you have ever finished a book and needed a recommendation for what to read next, Goodreads has the answer. Finding your next book has never been easier. Now, not only can you search for individual books you know you want to read and add them to your \"to read\" list, but you can also easily see what your friends have recently read. When you search through your friends' reviews, you can also see who likes what books, making your selection process even easier. Adding books to your \"to read\" list can help you keep track of what you want to read next, and seeing what books your friends enjoy - or don't enjoy- can help you better your list of books to read next. \n   Like all good social networks, Goodreads has apps   for mobile phones and ways to connect to other social networks. You can get Goodreads for iphone and Android by downloading them from the App Store or Andorid Market. \n   You can also connect your Facebook and Twitter accounts so all of your networks know what you're reading. Furthermore, you can connect your Amazon Kindle to automatically update your progress on your e-books. Last but not least , you can set up Goodreads to auto- publish book reviews to your Wordpress or blog. Sharing your favorite books has never been easier .\n   If you want to create a web space for your own book club, you can do that easily; just start a new group on Goodreads and update the page to show what books you're reading. You can also create events to easily share with members where and when book club meetings and author readings are taking place. Goodreads. com is young, but we will do our best to attract more people and we hope you can use it and give us your advice.", "id": "high18342.txt"}