{"answers": ["C", "A", "D"], "options": [["high school teachers", "high school students", "students' parents", "sports lovers"], ["interesting and useful", "important and cheap", "expensive but worthwhile", "dangerous but meaningful"], ["Coaches have a positive effect on students.", "Schools are strict with their students.", "Students loving sports study more.", "Parents can have a great time with their children."]], "questions": ["The passage is mainly written for   _  .", "The author believes that high school sports are   _  .", "Which of the following is NOT used to support the idea that school sports help keep students away from some dangerous behaviors?"], "article": "Most high schools have at least four sports they offer to their students. In many districts, there must be an equal amount of sports for boys and girls. Some schools even have sporting clubs. High school sports have been an important part of the high school curriculum  for many years. However, not all parents fully realize the importance. Some children are not even allowed to participate in school sports, because of the cost, the time commitment , or the possibility of injury. \nThe truth is that high school sports are more than just fun. They are great tools to help students learn about life. They can teach students teamwork, cooperation, and leadership, etc. Students can take these things into their everyday lives as well. When they build their confidence on the sporting field, students are also building confidence against the world. They will be able to work well with others in all other areas of their life. \nHigh school sports are also the perfect way to keep teens away from drugs and other dangerous behaviors. Coaches are great role models that can often encourage players to be well behaved. Some schools even have limits on GPAs (grade point average) for their athletes. If a student athlete's grades fall below a certain point, they cannot play. Students who love sports will do anything to play, including studying more. They will also be less likely to try drugs or break the law in any other manner. So, allow your children to participate in school sports. Get involved and make friends with the parents of the other students. The whole family can have a great time and learn about sports together.", "id": "high18348.txt"}