{"answers": ["B", "D", "D"], "options": [["A Scientific Research", "Making Invisible Ink", "How to Make a Spy", "A Classroom Experiment"], ["Soak the paper into water to make it appear.", "Wait till the paper is dry enough.", "Use some chemical compounds to make it appear.", "Hold the paper above the warm burner to make it appear."], ["adults", "people", "teachers", "children"]], "questions": ["What is probably the best title for the passage?", "How can you see what is written on the paper?", "This passage is intended for_."], "article": "Invisible ink has fascinated kids for generations. You might think that it would be difficult to make, but it's not.\nAll you'll need for this experient is some milk; some white paper; a clean cotton swab   or small, clean paintbrush; the kitchen stove; and help from an adult. The most difficult part of this mini-project is choosing the message that you'll write with your invisible ink. Maybe you'll want to pretend that you're a spy on a secret mission, writing messages that would lead to big, big trouble if they were discovered. Choose your words carefully.\nAll you need to do is, using the brush of cotton swab, write your message with milk on the paper. Don't use a lot of milk and soak the paper. Use just enough to make a thin coating.\nOnce you've finished writing, ask the adult who's helping you to turn on the kitchen stove to a low heat. Very carefully, using kitchen mitts ,hold the paper about a foot above the warm burner. If you don't see results, you may have to make the burner a little hotter.\nDo not, however, hold the paper low over the burner. As the paper heats up, your message will become brown and you'll be able to see what was written. You want to know why? It's because chemical compounds in the milk have a low burning point. When the paper gets warm, those compounds will heat up and trun brown, while the paper will be unaffected.\nYou also can try this experiment with other liquids, such as orange juice, lemon juice, vinegar, and apple juice. Just be sure to follow all safety rules and have an adult around to help you.", "id": "high18351.txt"}