{"answers": ["C", "B", "A"], "options": [["If a child is hungry at childhood, he will be disabled in the future.", "Criticism is the best medicine for hunger.", "The results from the research is not satisfactory.", "Generally speaking, hungry children have less chance of catching heart disease when they grow up."], ["Before birth.", "Between birth and the age of two.", "From age two to five.", "Under the age of five."], ["Hunger--children's biggest enemy.", "How to prevent hunger.", "A latest survey about hunger all over the world.", "Time to improve our living conditions."]], "questions": ["What can we learn from this passage?", "Which period is the most important for children's physical development?", "Which of the following is the most suitable title for this passage?"], "article": "New research says 35 percent of the deaths of children worldwide are caused by hunger. The research is from poor to middle-income countries in Africa, Asia and Latin America. \nRobert Black from the Bloomberg School of Public Health at Johns Hopkins University in prefix = st1 /Marylandwas the leading writer of the research. He says more than 3.5 million mothers and children under five die in poor countries each year because of hunger. \nHe says more than two million children die from underdevelopment, either before or after birth. Millions of others who survive face a lifetime of disabilities or early death. And the effects are not just physical. Poor brain development can limit economic success as children become adults. Then the cycle of poverty and hunger often repeats for their children. \nDoctor Black says hungry children are also more likely to have conditions like high blood pressure and heart disease as adults. He says the studies show that food programs need to place the greatest importance on the first two years of life. Hungry children can suffer the whole life damage from age two. \nSo it is high time to improve their diets. Diets should include foods rich in vitamin A and other useful things. The researchers say early help like these could reduce child deaths by 25%. \nThe research has faced some criticism . A medical aid group says the researchers underestimate the number of child deaths from hunger. The researchers say there are findings that support this treatment but more studies are needed to compare it to hospital care.", "id": "high18367.txt"}