{"answers": ["B", "D", "B"], "options": [["as big as Venice", "similar to Venice in certain aspects", "the largest city in Europe", "a big inland city"], ["relax in Vondel park", "go boating on canals", "drink in cafes", "watch people skating"], ["Amsterdam and Venice have a similar number of canals.", "On average each person in Amsterdam has more than two bicycles.", "It seldom rains in Amsterdam in winter because it is very cold.", "Tourists can go to Amsterdam only by ship now."]], "questions": ["We can conclude from the passage that Amsterdam is", "In winter the tourists in Amsterdam may be advised to   _  .", "Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage?"], "article": "Amsterdam is a city like Venice founded on and around water or waterways.  However, unlike Venice, Holland's largest city isn't only a museum. Amsterdam is a real, living and large city.\n     The Dutch capital has clearly come a long way since it was founded. A story goes that two fishermen and a seasick dog first came there. The dog jumped ship to pour out the con- tents of his stomach and the two fishermen became the founders of Amsterdam. The reality of its founding might have something to do with the River Amstel which was built in the 13th century. Settlement developed slowly there and it took its name.\n     Amsterdam is built on numberless canals, which neatly divide the city into easily navigable  districts. There seems to be a canal around every corner in Amsterdam. This is not too surprising when you consider that the city is home to 165 canals, which are more than Venice.\n     During the summer, people come together in Vondel park, where locals and tourists alike relax in the. fine weather. Amsterdam might be one of Europe's wettest capitals, but as soon as the clouds are clear and the sun shines, its citizens go out into the streets to sit in cafes, go boating on a canal, or even ride bicycles; the number of bikes in the city is more than double that of the city's population.\nAmsterdam's winters tend to be cold with plenty of rain, but this seldom seems to stop the tourists from gathering together in the city. Particularly cold winters also offer a good chance for visitors to watch the local people skating across the frozen canals. These days, with plenty of rail, bus and air connections to all over Europe, the Dutch capital is a year-round tourist destination as well as one of the world's key business centers.", "id": "high18373.txt"}