{"answers": ["C", "B"], "options": [["have themselves a little celebration", "hurt themselves and be in danger too", "be charged with the damage", "be punished by their parents"], ["setting off fireworks is too dangerous", "they don't know how to set off fireworks", "fireworks explode on the ground", "something goes wrong with fireworks"]], "questions": ["If teenagers damage buildings with fireworks, they will  _", "Teenagers suffer some serious physical injuries mainly because   _"], "article": "Setting off fireworks  is usually a pleasure for many teenagers. Even though this is not legal in many areas, some will still find a way to get fireworks and have themselves a little celebration.\n   You may know some teenagers that use fireworks in other manners, such as a try to set fire to buildings. This can result in some serious legal problems. Not only is it not legal to have the fireworks, but the teenagers will also be charged with the damage to buildings. You may think it's all fun, but it's dangerous for others as well as for your future.\n   Setting off fireworks is dangerous especially when you don't know how to set off fireworks. Teenagers that don't know about the proper way to set off fireworks could end up in a lot of trouble. If something goes wrong, bodily harm can happen. It is possible for fireworks not to get off correctly and explode on the ground. If the teenager is too close, he could suffer some serious physical injuries.\n   Teenagers can also cause a lot of harm to others who are in the same area as the fireworks. When teenagers do not know how to correctly deal with lighting fireworks, they will place a lot of people in harm's way. Many teenagers that were present for the fireworks show have been injured by a firework that was lit by another teenager.\n   It is very common for teenagers with fireworks to set fire to nearby things, such as trees and buildings. This is why teenagers should always be supervised by an adult. Though they may seem fun and harmless, fireworks can actually cause a lot of damage if they are not dealt with correctly. It is common for teenagers to get into a lot of trouble for simply having fireworks, even if they are not caught setting them off. In addition to personal safety, the safety of surrounding things should always be considered.", "id": "high18385.txt"}