{"answers": ["B", "B", "C"], "options": [["Nearly 3 tons", "Nearly 2 tons", "Almost 1 ton", "A half ton"], ["goes out looking for food in pairs", "spends two thirds of its time eating", "won't eat other plants than bamboo", "may eat bamboo constantly for 16 hours"], ["A baby panda can see anything when born", "A newly-born panda is about 200g in weight", "Pandas can escape from enemy because of their skill of climbing.", "A baby panda will leave its mother before it is one and a half years old"]], "questions": ["How much bamboo does a panda eat every year?", "According to the text, a panda   _  .", "What can we learn from the text?"], "article": "Giant pandas are now extremely rare. Their number is less than 1,000 in the wild. The hunting of pandas has been banned for many years, so this is not the problem. Destruction of its habitat, when areas are cleared for growing crops, is one of the main reasons for panda's decline . Another reason is that the bamboo on which they mainly feed, is dying back. The pandas find it difficult to move to new feeding areas. As the bamboo disappears, the pandas simply starve to death.\n     Bamboo is a poor source of food, and pandas have to eat up 45kg of it every day, a process that takes them up to 16 hours. The process goes on day and night, with the pandas in a constant cycle of eating for eight hours and sleeping for four. They can eat other foods, but will rather starve than change their diet when bamboo is scarce.\n   Giant pandas are very good climbers, and use this skill to escape from the enemy. The giant panda lives alone for most of its life, only coming together with another of its species for long enough to mate. A newborn panda baby is born hairless and blind, is about 15cm long and weighs only 100g. The baby will stay with its mother for about 18 months, until it is able to set up its own territory \n     Chinese and American scientists are studying giant pandas and their habits in order to put in place a major conservation programme. Zoos around the world are taking part in panda breeding programmes. There is still hope that with human's help, the giant panda can survive in the wild.", "id": "high18386.txt"}