{"answers": ["D", "B", "D"], "options": [["Panoramic Journey", "VICAAR", "Alaska Dog Sledding", "Greenland Expedition Specialists"], ["some clothing used on the trip", "some equipment for sledding", "travel to the center of VICAAR", "permit to the North Pole"], ["VICAAR offers other types of trips to Central Mongolia.", "Those who fail to care for dogs are not welcomed in VICAAR.", "Panoramic Journey offers sledding trips rather than horseback trips.", "Iditarod Dog Trip is a training chance for participants in the Iditarod race."]], "questions": ["If you want to participate in a kiting trip, you should contact   _  .", "The one who wants to see the North Pole should pay for the following EXCEPT   _  .", "Which of the following statements is true according to the passage?"], "article": "Back in time, dog sledding was the only method of transportation in frozen parts of the world. You, too, can participate in this time-honored tradition after looking into dog sledding adventures and tours.\nAlaska Dog Sledding\n    It offers two dog sledding tours in Alaska, the Golsovia Dog Trip and the Iditarod Dog Trip. On both trips, you will learn how to drive your own dog team. The Golsovia Dog Trip lasts six days. The Iditarod Dog Trip is held just before the internationally famous Iditarod race so that participants will be able to attend the Iditarod events. For more information, please see: Alaska Dog Sledding\n    Greenland Expedition Specialists\n    Travel through the shining ice and snow on the land of East Greenland via dog sledding. During this dog sledding vacation, you will be camping during the cold of winter and will take part in caring for the dogs and the camps. They also organize and guide kiting trips, sea kayaking trips and mountaineering vacations. For more information, please email: info@ expedition-greeland. com\nVICAAR\n    Have you ever really wanted to see the North Pole? You can do it by dog sled. VICAAR offers two types of dog sledding trips to the North Pole. You should pay for clothing on the trip, permit of your North Pole visit, travel to the center of VICAAR, and more. But the cost of equipment is offered free. This trip is not for those who do not care for challenging conditions and exercise. VICAAR also offers other types of trips to both the North and South Poles. For more information, please see: VICAAR\nPanoramic Journey\n    Travel to the Terelj National Park in Central Mongolia and live with local people during your dog sledding adventure. Along the way, see wolf, deer and other wildlife of the area. Panoramic Journey also offers an extreme dog sledding adventure that will take you to the outside of Siberia. Panoramic Journey offers horseback trips as well as dog sledding adventures to exotic locations in Mongolia and tours of Bhutan. For more information, please see: Panoramic Journey", "id": "high18381.txt"}