{"answers": ["A", "B", "D"], "options": [["To observe its starry night sky", "To visit its friendly people", "To enjoy the beautiful lake", "to make a wish at the shooting meteors"], ["Plant the flower, Russell Lupin", "turn off all landscape lights", "Put it in the list of world heritages", "Offer many others things for tourists"], ["To tell us how to keep away from pollution", "To introduce the best destination in New Zealand", "To share with us his feelings of Lake Tekapo", "To suggest us going to visit Lake Tekapo"]], "questions": ["Why do people go to Lake Tekapo according to the passage?", "What do the local people do to protect their starry night sky?", "Why do you think the writer wrote this passage?"], "article": "Nowadays, pollution is becoming worse and worse. A starry night seems to be a luxury for people living in cities. Is there any ideal place for stargazers ? A small town in New Zealand is here to surprise you with its breathtaking starry night sky.\nLake Tekapo is located at the heart of New Zealand's South Island. It has been a popular tourist destination for stargazers. At night, innumerable stars dot the sky above the small town. The Milky Way and various constellations can be clearly seen. Visitors can also watch meteors shooting across the sky. For people living in big cities, these can only be seen in movies or fairytales.\nThough stargazing is common for people in Lake Tekapo, the local people have paid great attention to protecting their starry night sky. After midnight, all landscape lights must be turned off. In 2005, Lake Tekapo's starry night sky was even listed as a world heritage .\nBesides its starry sky, the town has many other things to offer. One of them is the flower, Russell Lupin. Every summer, Russell Lupins make Lake Tekapo more attractive. However, once the Russell Lupins die off, the banks of Lake Tekapo look bare.\nAfter reading the above introduction of Lake Tekapo, you must envy the local people a lot, because they can see the starry sky every night and appreciate the beauty of Russell Lupin every summer. If you are interested in Lake Tekapo, why not go and visit it this coming summer vacation?", "id": "high18387.txt"}