{"answers": ["D", "B", "D", "D", "D"], "options": [["Because he likes eating the waste given off by the shark", "Because he can help the shark to get food", "Because he needs the help of the shark to lead his way.", "Because he can get food and protection"], ["paralyzes small fish for him", "helps him catch other fish", "does some cleaning work", "warns him about the danger"], ["Energy and light.", "Food and energy.", "Light and chlorophyll.", "Water and chlorophyll."], ["prove that all animals survive by depending on each other", "tell us that sharing exists everywhere in the world", "show us the mutual relationship between sea life", "give us some examples of sharing among plants and animals"], ["123-45", "1234-5", "1-234-5", "1-2345"]], "questions": ["Why does the pilot fish swim along beside the shark?", "To repay the sea anemone, the striped clown fish  _  .", "What do the fungus and the green algae share with each other?", "The author wrote this passage mainly to  _  .", "What is the structure of the passage?"], "article": "Sharing not only exists between humanbeings.As is often seen that some plants and anima1s live close together, and they depend on each other. They are usually very different from their partner, and yet all live easier lives because of each other. It is nature's idea of sharing. \nAn example of a partnership is the shark and pilot fish. The pilot fish is a little fish only about nine inches long. He would be. helpless if he hung around by himself in the mighty ocean. He makes up for his size with his smartness. He cleverly swims along beside the shark. When the shark eats, the pilot fish gets the leftovers. And the pilot fish needn't worry about his safety. The shark also gets benefits from this relationship. The pilot fish cleans food scraps and insects from the shark's hide. \nAnother example of depending on each other is the sea anemone  and striped clown fish. The sea anemone looks like a flower and has petals  that contain poisonous stinging cells. When small fish swim into the petals, the anemone traps and paralyzes   them. However,the striped clown fish is able to swim into the poisonous petals without being harmed. When he is in danger, he quickly swims into the sea anemone and is unable to be seen by his enemies. To pay for his safety,the clown fish brings food to the anemone. He also guides other fish into the anemone's deadly trap. \nLarge mammals such as the ox, antelope, rhinoceroses and African buffalo form such a relationship with the red-billed ox-peeker. They provide daily meals for the bird. In fact the bird eats insects. The various large mammals act as a restaurant with a varied menu for the ox-peeker. What do they get in return from the bird? Free beauty treatments! \nSome plants live together in a beneficial relationship of symbiosis. The fungus   does not have chlorophyll   that plants need to make food. However, green algae does contain chlorophyll. It is, therefore, able to feed the fungus along with itself. But nothing is free! The fungus repays it by protecting the algae. Since it takes in and stores water, it can provide the algae with a non-ending water supply.", "id": "high18390.txt"}