{"answers": ["C", "B", "D", "C", "A"], "options": [["Tesco.", "Safeway.", "The Kroger Company.", "Reve-Gruppe."], ["was initially set up only for food", "developed from a small grocery store", "has about 3,500 stores now", "has branches in fourteen European countries"], ["Tesco was founded four years earlier than Safeway.", "Tesco and Safeway are headquartered in the same country.", "Reve - Gruppe provides financial services.", "Safeway was listed at the New York Stock Exchange around 1928."], ["is presently headquartered in the United Kingdom", "has fifteen stores in the US and Canada", "developed quickly by acquiring popular brand names", "provides employment for more than 325,000 people"], ["An introduction to four top supermarket chains around the world.", "The history of four top supermarkets chains.", "The background of four supermarket chains.", "The most profitable supermarket chains in the world."]], "questions": ["Which of the following was founded first ?", "We can learn from the text that Safeway_.", "Which of the following is TRUE?", "According to the passage, the Kroger Company_.", "What is the topic of the passage?"], "article": "Below are the top four supermarket chains in the world in 2012 and the reasons behind their success. \nTesco\nHeadquartered in Chestnut, United Kingdom , this global grocery store is one of the largest supermarket chains in terms of revenues and profits. If was founded in 1919 by Jack Cohen. Tesco stores can be found across all continents. Even though it was set up only for food and beverages, Tesco has drastically branched out , not only in geographical terms, but also in terms of products. Which now include electronics , clothing, health care, home improvement and even financial services.\nSafeway\nFounded in the year 1915 by a young M. B, Skaggs. Safeway developed from just a small grocery store  on the fundamentals of providing value to customers and narrow profit margins. The success story of Skaggs becomes more evident when , by the end of the year 1926,he  had opened almost 428 stores across ten states. Almost two years later, Safeway was listed at the New York Stock Exchange . At present, there are more than fifteen hundred Safeway stores across US and Canada.\nThe Kroger Company \nFounded at Cincinnati, Ohio, US in 1883 by Mr. Bernard Kroger, the Kroger Company is now one of the largest supermarket chains not only in the US. but across the world . Over the last couple of decades, the Kroger Company has vastly expanded by acquiring popular brand names, including those of Owen's Market. Its stores are largely spread out across Middle. Western and Central United States. \nReve-Gruppe\nReve - Gruppe was founded in 1927 and is presently headquartered at Cologne, Germany . This supermarket chain is easily counted among the top supermarket chains of the world . Its vast line of products includes grocery, home improvement, pharmaceuticals, cosmetics, optical as well as clothing . Its stores can be found in as many as fourteen European countries, providing employment to more than 325,000 people.", "id": "high18409.txt"}