{"answers": ["A", "C", "D"], "options": [["They may still miss the country they studied in.", "They feel ashamed of the American way of wasting.", "They don't talk much about their overseas experience.", "They feel comfortable being back in their own country again."], ["pleased with", "proud of", "dissatisfied with", "no interest in"], ["Some universities offer to help students in need.", "Overseas students experience culture shock in foreign countries.", "Returned students find it difficult to translate their time abroad into experience.", "Returning from studying overseas, students face more trouble than they expected."]], "questions": ["Which of the following is TRUE about the US students returning from studying overseas?", "The writer is   _   the help colleges offer for the students when they return from studying overseas.", "What is the passage mainly about?"], "article": "Colleges may try to do a lot to prepare students for study abroad -- telling about culture shock, warning about homesickness, and recommending books about the country. But when it comes to adjusting to campus life when they return, schools haven't done as much, even though the transition   is sometimes almost as difficult. \n\"They can feel disoriented   and depressed. They find things are not exactly the way they were when they left,\" said Antonio Jimenez, director of the Center for International Affairs at California State University Channel Islands in Camarillo, California, US. \"They find that people don't care much about their experiences.\" \nSome colleges are now rethinking their approach to studying abroad, recognizing that students might need almost as much help adjusting to life back home as they did getting ready to leave: students experience a sort of reverse   culture shock when they return to the US. They might be troubled by the wealth and waste they see back home or they might feel homesick for their new country and its customs. And when they try to talk about their experiences, people quickly lose interest, especially if they haven't lived abroad themselves. \nDown the road, they also might find it difficult to translate their time abroad into experience that an employer finds attractive. \nSome California universities have organized conferences to help students make the most of their time abroad. During a one-day event, students learn how to adjust after living abroad, talk about their experiences and incorporate (,) them into their lives and future careers. \nBlythe Cheney, 22, a senior who has studied in Thailand and Britain, found the workshops helpful. \"Any experience abroad does have an effect on you,\" Cheney said. \"When you come back, it's important to talk about it, especially with people who know what you've been through.\" Yet most universities focus more on preparation than reorientation .", "id": "high18411.txt"}