{"answers": ["A", "B"], "options": [["To introduce digital education's role and value.", "To prove even a small country has a great dream.", "To call on all the countries to carry out digital education.", "To persuade American government to carry out digital education."], ["a success for teachers and students to make friends", "a revolution of teaching to learning with many advantages", "an advance to attract more students to learn IT knowledge", "an improvement in making more companies to support schools"]], "questions": ["Why does the author take the South Korean's decision for example?", "The use of digital technology in education is   _"], "article": "The South Korean Ministry of education is investing $ 2.4 billion into making the country's school system completely digital. The plan is to get rid of textbooks and replace them with digital learning materials stored in a central database, which students would get into with PCs. Though some digital education programs have been tried in the U.S. and other countries, few can match the South Korean plan. While it will certainly be interesting to spread out, a completely paperless school system will surely stand for other countries to follow. Perhaps the digital learning revolution will have its start in Seoul.\nThe digital developments have improved our personal lives. It was a matter of time before they would finally have an effect on other fields. It's an exciting time in education--whether you're a CEO setting plans for growth, an IT expert making new technology decisions or an educator giving lively courses. All of us are connected by the movement of a more digital campus. Today's generation has integrated web-based technology into their daily lives. Expectations are forming: lively content-anytime, anywhere and on any equipment. And those expectations aren't just for fun--they're spreading into the educational space as well. Expanding our digital footprint isn't just an excitement-it's a necessity.  And CEOs and IT experts aren't the only ones feeling the pressure to improve--educators are as well.\nMore and more studies report a change from teaching to learning--moving away from giving lectures of facts to encouraging skills of self-study, analysis and learning paths ; from courses built using a single textbook to numbers of available publisher materials ; and from dull content to lively digital advantages that connect the learners, providing real-time response.  Students aren't the only ones benefiting from this change. Educators can now easily build lively online courses while increasing student outcomes.", "id": "high18412.txt"}