{"answers": ["A", "C", "B"], "options": [["cars have played a big role in the author's life", "the author has a preference for new cars", "cars have a poor effect on most American's life", "the author used to drive cars like crazy"], ["It was the first car his parents bought.", "It cost his family quite a lot of money.", "He had lots of fun and a happy life in it.", "It often broke down on their way around."], ["he passed his driving test and got a license", "he wanted to change his way of getting around", "he intended to stay with Janet and Kathy", "he fell in love with that Packard at first sight"]], "questions": ["From the passage we can learn that   _  .", "What does the author think of their Chevrolet sedan?", "The author decided to buy his own car because   _  ."], "article": "When my dad was a very young man, he was one of the few people in the small community of North Apollo, who owned a car. When he and Mom got married, they went on their honeymoon in that old Ford, but they had to turn around and pay a visit to the garage because the car didn't have enough power to drive them going forward.\nWhen I was too young to remember, my dad owned a truck in which we all went nutting and berry picking. It was an important day when Daddy decided to buy a family car. It must have been about 1937 or 1938 when he purchased a 1929 Chevrolet sedan. We loved that old car.\nOn Saturday evenings, after dinner, the whole family would pile into that old square sedan, go up to Whitlinger's grocery store and buy a bag of Hershey's Kisses. Then Daddy would head out toward the country and drive all around the old country roads while we fed ourselves on chocolates. That was the highlight of our week. I didn't know which we enjoyed most, the chocolates or riding in the car.\nThe first car I owned was a Packard touring car. My cousin Janet and I were living in Washington D.C., and mostly rode the streetcars to wherever we wanted to go. Janet's friend Kathy had learned to drive so the three of us decided to buy a car for ourselves. We picked out this old Packard because it was all we could afford.\nEvery American living today can tell stories about the cars they have driven. I love to drive. I am most excited when I'm headed to the garage with my car keys in my hand. The car I own now is a 1998 Buick Century with a mark where I backed into a tree.\nI love the freedom I feel just moving down the road in that old car. I am almost certain that when I get to heaven, God will have that old car sitting there waiting for me to drive down that golden street.", "id": "high18425.txt"}