{"answers": ["B", "D", "D", "A", "C"], "options": [["make money out of the poor", "support poor people out of poverty", "set up more charity organizations", "encourage economic growth worldwide"], ["Whoever can't afford daily necessities have access to the loan.", "Applicants are required to provide collateral when applying.", "Micro-credits are operated by charity organizations worldwide.", "MFIs offer poor families small loans but charge them much interest."], ["they make more financial contribution to the family", "they hold higher status in the home and community", "they are more reliable and willing to repay the loan", "they are more likely to spend what they earn on their children"], ["people hope to take advantage of the loan to get out of poverty", "it is easy to make money with the aid of micro-credits", "micro-credits are very popular with poor families", "all micro-credit clients keep their promises well"], ["Health", "Business", "Finance", "Education"]], "questions": ["Micro-credits are offered to the poorest people around the world in order to   _  .", "What can we learn about the micro-credit system?", "Bank loans are mainly made to women because   _  .", "The high repayment rate of the loan suggests that   _  .", "The passage is most probably taken from the   _   section of a magazine."], "article": "Millions of families around the world have been given a helping hand out of poverty   by micro-credits. These very small loans  , usually less than US$200, have enabled the very poorest people to set up or expand businesses and become self-sufficient.\nThe micro-credit movement started with Professor Muhammad Yunus, who founded the Grameen Bank in Bangladesh. Professor Yunus, who won the 2006 Nobel Peace Prize, used his own money to set up a bank to benefit the poorest people in Bangladesh--families living on less than US$1 a day. There are now hundreds of organizations around the world following his blueprint to help people escape from poverty.\nSo how does the system work? Local microfinance institutions (MFIs) make contact with families and offer loans, usually to women, to enable them to start or expand a business. These are very poor people who would not normally be able to get credit, but as no collateral   is required they can get micro-credits. They pay back the loan on a weekly basis, over six months to a year.\nA very important aspect to the success of the micro-credit system is that receivers get local support. The MFIs educate local communities about ways to improve their lives, and offer practical support as well as collecting weekly loans payments. They encourage people to help each other, so that the whole community can pull itself out of poverty. MFIs may also help with literacy and health problems.\nMicro-credits are mainly given to women. Experience has shown that women are more motivated to improve their children's lives and will spend the money they make on better nutrition and schooling for their children. This may be the first chance they've had to contribute financially to the family, and their status in the home and the local community is raised.\nThe micro-credit system is not charity. The payments are fixed-term loans and interest is charged. The costs of making such small loans, collecting them and giving personal support are high. This is shown in the interest rates, which range from 15 to 35 percent. Despite this, the repayment rate is very high, between 95 and 98 per cent, showing that micro-credit clients really value this opportunity to leave poverty behind.", "id": "high18427.txt"}