{"answers": ["A", "B"], "options": [["It enjoyed the bath very much.", "The author decided to adopt it.", "It had black fur with white spots.", "Yukie could be sold at a high price."], ["the cuteness of the animals", "his experience in the animal shelter", "the bad conditions of the poor animals", "the thoughtful care in the animal shelter"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is TRUE about Yukie?", "Through the passage,the author shows us   _  ."], "article": "The barks of dogs surrounded me as I got off the bus. They ran around their cages jumping up and down. My heart became soft at the sight of these poor creatures. I entered the building and discovered more unwanted animals. A white rabbit jumped around in its cage. I walked around the shelter,screaming \"oh\" and \"ah\" at every animal,as they looked out of their cages,waiting for love and help. A pit bull particularly interested me. She was as gentle as a baby. I slightly touched her head with affection as she sat on the floor. The pit bull licked my hand with appreciation as she cried.\nA litter of puppies were in the cage opposite the pit bull. They snuggled together for warmth as one of the puppies let out a weak bark,as if calling to its mother. Recognizing my love and willingness to help these puppies,the director suggested I give them a bath. I lifted one of the puppies,Yukie,from his brothers and sisters. His black fur was as soft as cotton candy. I held him tightly. The sweet smell of liquid soap surrounded the wash area. The puppy seemed like a tiny fish,swimming delightedly in a pool. Water dropped down his black,soft ears as he tried to shake off the heavy water. I wrapped Yukie in a towel as he licked my hand. After all the cleaning and drying,he looked as if he'd come from an expensive pet shop. I kissed his little face as I unwillingly placed him back.\nNext,I walked some dogs around the shelter. They jumped out of their cages,unable to hold back their urge for exercise. I ran around with them,while touching them gently and talking to them. They moved back when the time came to put them back.\nThe time came to leave. I silently promised these creatures to come and again provide them with love. The sad eyes and the faces of these creatures will always be impressed on my memory.", "id": "high18432.txt"}