{"answers": ["C", "B", "D"], "options": [["are severely punished and fined", "are pushed back to the end of lines", "are warned in a direct manner", "are the cause of public arguments"], ["Englishmen are stubborn and too strict with themselves", "queuing is a kind of automatic behavior for Englishmen", "queuing is essential in maintaining good public order", "other Europeans are more open-minded than Englishmen"], ["A social skill to improve your life: queuing", "Bad manners around the world: queue-jumping", "A culture of European countries: queuing", "An English aspect of life: queuing"]], "questions": ["In America and other European countries, queue-jumpers_.", "By quoting the description of a Hungarian humorist, the author intends to show_.", "What is the best title of this passage?"], "article": "The English expect each other to observe the rules of queuing, feel highly offended when these rules are broken, but lack the confidence or social skills to express their annoyance in a straightforward manner. In other countries, this is not a problem: in America, where a queue-jumper has committed a kind of rudeness rather than a sin, the response is a loud warning: the offender is simply told \"Hey, you, get back in line!\" or words to that effect. On the European continent, the reaction tends to be loud and argumentative; in some other parts of the world, queue-jumpers may simply be pushed back into line. Ironically  , it is only in England, where queue-jumping is regarded as deeply immoral, that the queue-jumper is likely to get away with the offence. Only rarely do the English actually speak up and tell the jumper to go to the back of the queue.\nQueuing is almost a national pastime for the English, who automatically arrange themselves into orderly lines at bus stops, shop counters, ice-cream vans, entrances, exits, and lifts. In 1946, a Hungarian humorist described queuing as English \"national passion\". \"On the continent,\" he said. \"if people are waiting at a bus stop they walk around in a seemingly relaxed fashion. When the bus arrives they make a dash   for it...An Englishman, even if he is alone, forms orderly queue of one.\" In an update over thirty years later in 1977 he confirmed that this was still the case. After nearly another thirty years nothing much seems to have changed.\nIn many cases, queue-jumping is effectively prevented by non-verbal   signals alone. When someone is considering jumping a queue, the queuers will start glancing at him sideways, through narrowed, suspicious eyes. Then they move a bit closer to the person in front of them, just in case the jumper might try to insert himself in the gap. Frowns, glares, and raised eyebrows -- accompanied by heavy sighs, pointed coughs -- are usually the worst that the person will suffer if he jumps a queue. Faced with all this, the jumper will think better of it and withdraw to the back of the queue.", "id": "high18442.txt"}