{"answers": ["D", "C", "B"], "options": [["Negative results have nothing to do with others.", "People always feel responsible for their fault.", "All the people are fond of escaping blame.", "People often believe that what they do is right."], ["playing pleasant music", "raising a laugh", "making an angry shout", "producing cough sounds"], ["medicine", "science", "entertainment", "health"]], "questions": ["Which of the following does the new research probably agree with?", "If one feels longer time before hearing the sounds, he probably pushes the button", "This passage is likely to be selected from a  book of"], "article": "Scientists explain why people often blame others when things don't work out. Researchers say that when it comes to fixing blame, we can't always trust our own judgment .When things go wrong and we're to blame, we 're supposed to feel guilty. Right? Not necessarily.\n     It turns out that when we do something that causes a negative result, we actually feel less responsible     for our actions.  But we see the entire situation differently if things turn out well.\n     The  \"blame game\" is nothing new. Behavior experts have long known that people push responsibility to others, or to outside factors, when things don't work out. But the new research shows that this reaction is more than about wanting to escape blame. We actually don't believe that what happened is our fault.\nTo learn more about the  \"blame game\", researchers conducted a study. They asked 34 people to press keys that produced three different noises. The noises were positive (amusement, laughter), negative (fear, upset, or anger), or neutral  .\n     The volunteers were asked to try to judge the time that it took between when they pushed the button and when they heard the sounds. Volunteers felt there was longer time between their actions and the negative sounds than that between their actions and the positive  ones. In their minds, the negative results were separate from their actions. Therefore, they were able to feel less responsible for them.\n    The findings suggest that perhaps more of us need to realize that unpleasant or negative situations may actually be our fault - even if we don't see it that way. And taking more responsibility for our actions could lead to better relationships with others.", "id": "high18446.txt"}