{"answers": ["A", "C"], "options": [["You can do dictation exercises online.", "You mustn't make mistakes in the forums.", "You should show your real life words on blogs.", "Your friends should show your real life words on blogs."], ["Three.", "Four.", "Five.", "Six."]], "questions": ["Which of the following does the author agree with?", "According to the passage, how many ways are related with computers?"], "article": "Do you dream of changing the world with your words? Or maybe you just want to be able to express your thoughts and ideas more clearly. Anyway, it's more important for us to write correctly and properly. Then how to improve your English writing skills? www.ks5u.com\n      Get the most out of your dictionary by understanding how to use it correctly. You can use a good English dictionary to find words, for meaning, for pronunciation, to check your spelling and to understand explanations. If you are using a computer, use an English spell checker (but don't rely on it).\n     Copy short passages of English text from newspapers, magazines or books.\n      Try dictation exercises. You can do this online or get friends to read out text for you to write. Then check your writing-pay more attention to spelling.\n     There are many forums    on the Internet. Find one about your interests or hobbies. Observe the niceties  of forum use,  and make an apology if you think you have made any mistakes. Be careful about using abbreviations when writing on forums. They are fun and quick but can also make you pick some bad habits.\nUse a blog to create a diary about your life. Write it in English and if you have a thick skin, ask for feedback  . Remember blogs are not private, so do not write anything there that you do not want the whole world to read. I advise http://www.blogger.com, which is free and very easy to use.\nCheck what you've written. Even better, get someone else to read what you've written ahead of time.\n     Try to find pen friends who are native English speakers. Write to them, use a messenger service like MSN, Yahoo, Google or find a chat-room. If you can't get in touch with native speakers then contact other learners.", "id": "high18445.txt"}