{"answers": ["D", "C", "A"], "options": [["Size.", "Colour.", "Weight.", "Shape."], ["a hard cover", "a bright colour", "a longer battery life", "a creative design"], ["How to choose the best mobile phones", "How to produce the most popular phones", "The best quality of a mobile phone", "The latest craze of the majority"]], "questions": ["In what aspect are Samsung phones preferable, compared with Apple phones?", "You are supposed to buy a phone with   _  , if you always travel.", "The best title for the passage should be   _  ."], "article": "Mobile phones are the latest craze of many people from different parts of the world. Whenever there is a latest phone model being produced by companies such as Apple, Samsung, LG, Sony, etc., the public is all eyes and all ears on what consist of the latest product that is in the market. The public wants to check every detail to find reasons why to buy them. \nHow to choose the best Phone Comparison? There are some categories to consider. Specifications are very important, but if you are not the techie type of person, you can just check on some categories. One of them is the design. Most mobile phones have a set of colours available for different types of customers to choose from. The most popular colours are black and white, and these colours show elegance and sophistication to the users. The shapes of the phones also contribute a lot to the design, and a lot of people prefer the shapes of Samsung and LG phones nowadays.\nAnother important feature to consider is the value of the phone. If its price in the market is quite high compared to other phones, then you have to expect better specifications on them. If the specifications don't have much difference with those of the others, then you can weigh the value of the item.\nFurthermore, customers need to check the battery life of the mobile phone they intend to buy. For people who always travel or out of their house most of the time, they need to select a phone that has a longer battery life. This information can be found as well on the specifications of the phone. You need to check on how long you can use your phone for a day so that you won't need to charge it every now and then and so that you can save electricity as well.", "id": "high18456.txt"}