{"answers": ["C", "A", "D"], "options": [["sad regret", "amusement", "deep feeling", "happiness"], ["suddenly I found myself no longer a kid.", "suddenly I knew that they were neither bigger nor older than I was.", "suddenly I realized that I made a mistake.", "suddenly they became older than I was."], ["One day is worth two tomorrows.", "To save time is to lengthen life.", "When an opportunity is lost ,it never comes back to you .", "Time and tide wait for no man ."]], "questions": ["The tone established in the passage is one of .", "\"Then they were suddenly neither .\" suggests that_.", "Which of the following best expresses the author's thinking ?"], "article": "Several years ago, my parents, my wife, my son and I ate at a restaurant. After a wonderful dinner, the waiter set the check in the middle of the table. That's when it happened: my father did not reach for the check. Conversation continued. Finally I realized that I should pick up the check! After hundreds of restaurant meals with my parents, after a lifetime of thinking of my father as the one with dollars, it had all changed. I paid the meal, and my view of myself suddenly changed. I was an adult. I was no longer a kid.\n  Some people mark off their lives in years, I measure mine in small events. I didn't become a young man at a particular age, like 16, but rather when a kid who wandered in the streets called me \"mister.\" These events in my life are called \"milestones\" .\n    There have been other milestones .The policemen of my youth always seemed huge, and of course they were older than I was. _ The day came when I suddenly realized that all the football players in the game I was watching were younger than I was. They were just big kids. With that milestone gone was the dream that someday, maybe I, too, could be a football player. Without ever having reached the hill ,I was over it.\n     I never thought that I would fall asleep in front of the TV set as my father did. Now it's what I do best. I never thought that I would appreciate opera, but now the combination of voice and orchestra attracts me. I used to think that people who watched birds were strange, but this summer I found myself watching them, and maybe I'll get a book on the subject. I feel a strong desire for a religious belief that I never thought I'd want, and echo   my father in arguments with my son. I still lose ...\n  One day I bought a house. One day --what a day!-- I became a father, and not too long after that I picked up the check for my own father. I thought then it was a milestone for me. One day, when I was a little older, I realized it was one for him too, another milestone.", "id": "high18455.txt"}