{"answers": ["C", "B", "C"], "options": [["A woman with her handbag carried under the shoulder.", "A woman carrying an oversized handbag.", "A woman carrying a bright colored handbag.", "A woman who chooses a black or brown handbag."], ["make careful decisions", "enjoy having fun", "act in bad manners", "become bad girls"], ["follow others' steps", "live a simple life", "act to their own mind", "work with"]], "questions": ["Who is likely to start a conversation with a complete stranger according to the passage?", "Women who choose leather purses with lots of buckles and zippers probably   _  .", "A woman who carries a cigar box purse likes to   _  ."], "article": "You can tell a lot about a person from the clothes they wear, but you can also tell a lot about a person simply from the handbags they carry. It's hard to believe, but you can find out a number of things about a woman's personality just by looking at the type of handbag she carries. Below you will find a number of handbag styles and colors as well as what each specific type of handbag says about the owner.\nStyles:\nUnder-the Shoulder - handbags which are smaller and fit tightly underneath the shoulder indicate class and sophistication. A women working in an upscale office or someone of high status would choose this form of handbag.\nBig and Bulky - Big, bulky and oversized bags are casual and are often associated with younger individuals. These are used for individuals who carry a number of things (binders, books etc) and require a lot of space. Down-to-earth, lower-maintenance women would carry this type of handbag.\nDesigner - Designer handbags often cost an arm and a leg and therefore are usually associated with high-maintenance females. Females who are confident and require top of the line accessories will settle for nothing less than a name-brand designer purse. Guys watch out for these girls, they tend to be a handful.\nCigar Box Purses - A women who carries a cigar box purse likes to be unique and stand out from the crowd. These women have minds of their own and cannot be told what to do. They are comfortable in their own skin and tend to be very independent.\nLeather with Buckles and Zippers - women who choose leather purses with lots of buckles and zippers are leashing out their wild sides. These women tend to act before they think and are always ready for a good time. The extra buckles and zippers tend to signify a \"bad girl\" image.\nColors:\nBright Colors - Bright colored handbags like pink, purple, bright blue and green indicate that the woman is fun, friendly and approachable. Women who are out-going and sociable will tend to choose these colors. This is the type of woman who will strike up a conversation with a complete stranger.\nBlack and Brown - women who choose black or brown handbags tend to be more formal in manners and are often mistaken as being snobby or restricted. These types of handbags are often associated with down-to-earth women, who are shy at first, but open up after a while. They tend to exude a shy confidence, which is sometimes mistaken as someone who thinks she's better than others.\nThe style and color of your handbag says a lot about you. Choose your handbag very carefully and remember you can choose more than one style. You may feel like being reserved one day and the center of attention another...it's natural to want different things in life.", "id": "high1847.txt"}