{"answers": ["D", "A", "B", "D"], "options": [["Because they are small.", "Because they are big.", "Because they can be put on the desk.", "Because they show the day in the same order."], ["Calendars with pictures of dogs.", "Calendars with famous art works.", "Calendars about movies.", "Calendars about beautiful places."], ["They can receive much information.", "They can draw their own pictures.", "They can about beautiful places in the world.", "They can even learn from calendars."], ["You may see the same painting on your wall each month.", "Some people do not even look at the calendars.", "There aren't calendars with popular cartoon characters.", "Calendars can help busy people to make a plan for the life."]], "questions": ["Why are the calendars the same?", "To a dog lover, what kind of calendars does he want to buy?", "What are calendars for children special for?", "From the passage we can know that  _  ."], "article": "The New Year is the time to buy a new calendar . Yet it can take a lot of time just to choose the right one. There are lots and lots of choices. There are small ones. Big ones. Calendars sit on a desk. Calendars hang on the wall. Calendars are carried around. In one way all calendars are the same. They all list the same days of the year in exactly the same order. \nCalendars have become popular gifts because many are filled with beautiful pictures. Some have pictures of famous art works. It is like hanging a different painting on your wall each month. You can even learn from calendars. They often give information about their subject--such as famous writers or American Indians or flower gardens. \nThere are calendars about food and about beautiful places in the world. Calendars about sports and about movies. Funny calendars with popular cartoon characters. For pet lovers, there are calendars with pictures of cats doing unusual things. Three hundred sixty-five of them--one for each day of the year. There are calendars with pictures of cars, too. There are even calendars for children who can draw the pictures themselves. \nSome people do not just look at their calendars. They use them to write down important things they must remember, like meetings or doctor's appointments. Busy people can buy small calendars to carry around to help them organize and plan their life. \nSince there are so many choices, you must spend your time choosing your favourite calendars.", "id": "high18479.txt"}