{"answers": ["C", "D"], "options": [["What's Yoga?", "How I Do Yoga Poses", "The Benefits of Yoga", "The Varieties of Yoga"], ["they consume energy in practicing yoga", "they respond well to yoga poses", "they spend too much time on yoga", "they force themselves into yoga poses"]], "questions": ["What would be the best title for this passage?", "People feel tired after yoga because   _  ."], "article": "Babies are born yogis. Once we were all able to pull our toes up by our ears and laugh about it. Then we aged, got injured, and began carrying stress in our shoulders and back. In short, we lost our balance.\nYoga  is an ancient practice that helps create a sense of union in body, mind, and spirit. It brings us balance. I was seriously out of balance when I started practicing yoga in 1999. I had plantar facilities in both feet, and my doctor had warned me against all the things I loved to do: walking, hiking, and playing tennis. I was desperate for exercise. Yoga became my salvation and even enhanced my other fitness activities. I practice yoga at least twice a week, but I consider yoga to be part of my daily life because after a while you no longer just practice yoga--you love it.\nYoga becomes part of your physical life. Your body grows stronger, more toned, and more flexible as you move from one pose to the other. I spent a week in Mexico at a yoga retreat, and it was the first vacation on which I lost weight. \"Rather than building muscle, yoga builds muscle tone,\" says Shakta Kaur Khalsa, author of the K.I.S.S. Guide to Yoga. \"Because yoga helps maintain a balanced metabolism  , it also helps to regulate weight. Additionally, yoga stretches muscles lengthwise, causing fat to be removed around the cells.\" I do yoga poses throughout the day. After hours at my computer, I stretch my stiff shoulders and arms. When I need a boost of energy, I do energizing poses. When I am feeling exhausted at the end of the day, I do restorative poses.\nYoga becomes part of your mental life. Yoga teaches you to focus on breathing while you hold the poses. This attention to breath is calming; it dissolves stress and anxiety. I use yogic breathing on the tennis courts, in the dentist's chair, and in traffic jams. You should always leave a yoga practice feeling energized, not tired. If you feel tired after yoga, it means you spent the time \"fighting\" yourself, trying to force yourself into poses. In yoga, you \"surrender\" to the pose by letting go of the tension.\nYoga becomes part of your spiritual life. Yoga is practiced by people from all religions; it is not restricted to any religious group. Yoga teaches \"right\" living in how we deal with ourselves and others. As I work on a difficult pose, I learn patience, forgiveness, and the value of gentleness. Yoga advocates proper eating, but you don't have to be a vegetarian to practice yoga.", "id": "high1848.txt"}