{"answers": ["D", "C"], "options": [["The pressure from life.", "The feeling of being relaxed.", "The good smell of cigarettes.", "The nicotine in cigarettes."], ["The reasons why people like smoking.", "Some important facts about cigarettes.", "Effects of smoking on the health of teens.", "Ways for people to say 'no' to cigarettes."]], "questions": ["What makes people addicted to smoking according to the passage?", "What is this passage mainly about?"], "article": "According to a recent study performed by the Office of Applied Science, Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, every day about 3,900 children and teens under the age of 18 try their first cigarette . Among the teens who continue to smoke into their adult years, about one out of three will die as a result of the habit.\nBecause of the nicotine content in tobacco products, smoking not only becomes a habit for teens, but an addiction . The nicotine in the tobacco is addictive. Once a teen develops the habit of smoking, it is difficult for them to quit without help. The American Lung Association reports smokers who start early in life find it more difficult to quit because of the addiction. \nTeens that smoke often do as a way of dealing with social situations or as a result of pressure from people of their age. The results of a Duke University study show teens with brothers and sisters who smoke are more likely to engage in smoking and other risky actions. The components  of tobacco products have documented  effects on behavior. Nicotine is known to increase fights in teens and adults.\nThe center for Young Women's Health at the Children's Hospital of Boston states that tobacco products contain about 4,000 chemicals, some of which are poisonous. Breathing these poisons into the lungs quickly affects a teen's entire body. Outward changes include dry, wrinkled skin, yellow teeth and nails, and bad breath. Teen smokers are three times more likely to have bad teeth than non-smokers of their age, the Center further reports. External  effects are often present soon after smoking becomes a habit.", "id": "high18506.txt"}