{"answers": ["D", "D", "A", "B", "C"], "options": [["it is very delicious", "it is very cheap and healthy", "it is very popular in society", "it can show their status"], ["too many sharks are killed", "he dislikes eating sharp fin", "it is too expensive", "sharks are dangerous animals"], ["Li Na donated 500,000 yuan to a local nursing home in her hometown.", "Yao Ming donated 2 million yuan after the earthquake of Wenchuan.", "Yao Ming has encouraged more people to stop eating shark fin soup and protect animals.", "Yao Ming was appointed as the Goodwill Ambassador for protecting wild life in 2007."], ["Rich and generous.", "Influential and warmhearted.", "Energetic and optimistic.", "Popular and confident."], ["most athletes don't like eating shark fin soup", "Yao Ming has been donating money to charity since he was a child", "Yao Ming has an influence on not only the basketball courts but also charity and public welfare services", "Yao Ming has taken part in many community service activities when he was in China"]], "questions": ["The reason why some Chinese new-rich like eating shark fin soup is that they think   _   .", "Yao Ming is against eating shark fin soup because   _   .", "Which of the following statements is NOT TRUE?", "What words can be used to describe Yao Ming according to the passage?", "From the passage , we can learn that  _  ."], "article": "Some Chinese new-rich like eating shark fin soup because they think it shows their class. However, for the Chinese NBA idol Yao Ming, doing so is unacceptable as the practice has led to the overfishing of sharks.\nWhen Yao and his wife Ye Li got married in 2007, they publicly announced that they would not allow shark fin soup to be served at their wedding banquet.\nActually, Yao had been saying no to shark fins since 2006, when he was appointed as the Goodwill Ambassador for wild life protection.\nNow, the 226-cm big guy is resorting to his personal influence to encourage more to say no to eating the soup and to raise awareness of animal protection. \"Sharks are friends of human beings. They are not our food,\" Yao said.\nOther celebrity athletes like Olympic champions Li Ning and Kong Linghui are following on the heels of Yao, throwing themselves into serving the public as Goodwill Ambassadors for wild animal rescue. Recent reports about Yao's retirement have saddened tens of thousands of basketball fans both at home and abroad. Yet Yao's influence goes far beyond the basketball courts.\nYao has engaged himself in charity and public welfare services for quite a while. When the devastating 8.0-magnitude earthquake hit Wenchuan in southwest China in 2008, Yao donated 2 million yuan . \"When I was a little boy, my parents and teachers told me to help others and to be a good man,\" Yao recalled.  \"But I could not donate then because I had not much pocket money. After I moved to Houston, I got involved in quite a number of community service activities and I felt a strong sense of achievement when I got people together,\" Yao said.\nLike Yao, newly crowned French Open champion Li Na has showed her willingness to donate. Li gave 480,000 yuan of her prize money from the open, plus 20,000 yuan from her own pocket, to a local nursing home in her hometown. Another Chinese sports icon, hurdler Liu Xiang, has also been actively involved in charity for years.", "id": "high1851.txt"}