{"answers": ["A", "B", "D"], "options": [["she hates being in high places", "she was unable to get down", "her equipment suddenly broke", "she slipped and fell to the ground"], ["Air-conditioning.", "An unlimited water supply.", "A comfortable bed.", "Iced drinks."], ["The forest floor has hundreds of different insects-let Charlotte be your guide to these fascinating creatures.", "Making her first television appearance, Charlotte explores some of the wildest places on earth.", "Charlotte looks at ways in which the animals of the rainforest manage to live beside their human neighbors.", "Insects, piranha fish, hot-air balloons-it's all in one day's work for Charlotte in her latest series."]], "questions": ["Charlotte found climbing the tree in Borneo so frightening because  _  .", "What does Charlotte miss most when she is away filming?", "Which best describes the TV series Jungle?"], "article": "Dr charlotte Uhlenbroek recently returned to London after filming her second series, Jungle. It was difficult, 19-week trip, during which she explored the rainforests of Borneo, the Amazon and Congo, travelling around using variety of means of transport, including hot-air balloons and canoes. \"I'm interested in the way animals communicate with each other. It was sometimes dangerous making the program ---I even went swimming with piranha fish. But the worst thing was insects. On one occasion I had 70 sand-fly bites on my arm. Luckily I didn't get sick. I prefer not to take tablets every day, but if I get a fever, take some medicine immediately.\"\n   Filming the series was exciting, but also frightening at times. Her most challenging experience was climbing a 100-meter tree in Borneo, as she has a great fear of heights. \"I had to keep pulling myself further and further upwards. All I wanted to do was get down again. Suddenly the safety equipment didn't look very strong and I thought that my ropes would break and I would crash to the ground.\"\n   What did she enjoy most about returning to London? \"When I've been away in hot uncomfortable conditions for a long time I dream about an ice-cold drink and my bed at home! But the thing I look forward to the most is nice long showers. There wasn't much water in some of the places we visited and I worried that I was using it all up and not leaving any for my colleagues on the camera team! \"", "id": "high18512.txt"}