{"answers": ["B", "C", "B", "C"], "options": [["talk about Europeans", "discuss the origin of British people", "argue for the superiority of British people", "compare the Europeans with Africans and Asians"], ["all the people think white people are Europeans", "there are many Africans and Asians living in Europe", "white men are Europeans in the eyes of Africans and Asians", "the British people think of themselves as Europeans"], ["Europeans are those who are unable to speak English", "those who invadedBritaincame from the other side of the English Channel", "Britainis a place full of interests for those excitable foreigners", "Britainis the source of almost all the wars in Europe"], ["Because they are different from those people in the Continent", "Because they sometimes fail to support the continent countries in time of need", "Because they are separated geographically from the Continent", "Because they are considered different to understand"]], "questions": ["The purpose of the passage is to_.", "It can be known from the passage that_.", "It can be inferred from the passage that_.", "Why do the Britain people feel insular?"], "article": "Are the British people Europeans?This may seem a strange question to Africans and Asians,who tend to think of all white men as Europeans. But the British,when they are in Britain,do not regard themselves as Europeans. The Europeans,to them,are those rather excitable foreigners from the other side of English Channel,who have never learnt how to speak English. Europe is \"the Continent\":a place full of interests for English tourists,but also the source of almost all the wars in which Britain has ever been involved. Thus,although geographically speaking Britain is a part of Europe,yet the fact that it is a separate island has made its people feel very,very insular . They feel,in many ways,different from the rest of Europe,and they sometimes annoy continental nations by failing to support them,or even to understand them,in time of need. \nWhere did the British people come from?This is quite interesting question,since they are a mixture of many different races ,and all these races invaded Britain at various times from Europe. Nobody knows very much about prefix = st1 /Britainbefore the Romans came during the first century B. C.,but there had been at least three invasions before that. The first of these was by a dark--haired Mediterranean race called Iberians. The other two were by Celtic tribes :first the Gaels,whose descendants are the modern Scots and Irish,some of whom still speak the Gaelic language;secondly the Britons,who gave their name to the whole island of Britain. These were the people whom the Romans conquered. The Romans gave the Britons a good deal of civilization,but they never settled in Britain in very large numbers,so the British race survived until the overthrow of the Roman Empire by the\"barbarians\"--the numerous Germanic tribes which overran the whole of Western Europe.", "id": "high18529.txt"}