{"answers": ["D", "A", "B"], "options": [["explore the mystery of the valley", "find an area with plants for animals", "experience the terrible heat of summer", "look for gold in California"], ["the truth about Scotty's Castle", "why Spanish built the castle", "when the castle was built", "where the castle lies in"], ["the interesting place in Death Valley", "the facts about Death Valley", "the origin of Death Valley", "the route to visit Death Valley"]], "questions": ["The woman who named Death Valley intended to   _  .", "If the passage continues, it will be about   _  .", "The main idea of the passage is about   _  ."], "article": "Death Valley is a land of beautiful yet dangerous extremes. Death Valley can be dangerously cold during the winter months. Storms in the mountains can produce sudden flooding on the floor of the Valley.\nThe air temperature during the summer has been as high as fifty- seven degrees Celsius. The sun can heat the ground so that the temperature of the rocks and soil can be as high as seventy -four degrees Celsius.\nDeath Valley contains evidence of several ancient volcanoes that caused huge explosions. Evidence of one of these explosions is called Ubehebe Crater. The explosion left a huge hole in the ground almost a kilometer and a half wide. In many areas of Death Valley it is easy to see where the ground has been pushed up violently by movement deep in the Earth. This movement has created unusual and beautiful rock formations. Some are red. Others are dark brown, gray, yellow or black.\nThe area was named by a woman in 1849. Thousands of people from other parts of the ountry traveled to the gold mining areas in California. They were in a hurry to get there before other people did. One group trying to reach California decided to take a path called the Old Spanish Trail. By December they had reached Death Valley.  They did not have to survive the terrible heat of summer, but there was still an extreme lack of water. There were few plants for their work animals to eat.\nThe people could not find a pass through the tall mountains to the west of the Valley, Slowly, they began co suffer from a lack of food. To survive, they killed their work animals for food and began to walk out of the Valley. As they left, one woman looked back and said, \"Good -bye, death valley. \" The name has never been changed.\nAlmost everyone who visits Death Valley visits a huge house called Scotty' s Castle. The building design is Spanish, with high thick walls to provide protection from the fierce heat.\nThe castle is named for Walter Scott , called Scotty. by his friends. He was a gold miner. He told everyone that he built the house with money he made from his gold mine. Many people believed him. But it was not really the truth.", "id": "high1854.txt"}