{"answers": ["C", "D"], "options": [["Students didn't speak to friends at a table.", "Students didn't manage to get a seat in the cafeteria.", "Students had no one to communicate with in a crowd.", "Students had little interest in lunch due to the pressure of study."], ["Because students were tired of them.", "Because they didn't work out as expected.", "Because they were replaced by something else.", "Because there was no need for them any more."]], "questions": ["What inspjred the president of Bridport Elementary to introduce the system?", "Why couldn't w e find any numbers or any sticks in the cafeteria?"], "article": "The bell rings and in a few moments. the most disordered part of the day begins-lunch. Food begins to be dished out. and some students are eager to see their friends. while others cannot bear the thought of what is about to happen. Anxie0,  builds for many as they think today will be just like any other day. Press repeat and this happens every day.\n     But Bridport Elementary in Bridport introduced a system to solve this classic scene of loneliness and meet new friendships. There's hardly room for the question, \"Will you save me a seat?\" at Britiport Elementary where students are guided to assigned  tables and given the. opportunity to open their hearts and minds to a new friend. The  school's president Kilbourne  had observed too many days in which the same kids were left alone, while the others were always accompanied by friends. Something had to change.\n    The school gives a new system- in which students line up to pick a numbered stick before getting their food. Each stick has a number that's linked with a table, showing where they will eat lunch for the day.\n     This system was used five months ago. Today, if you walked into the cafeteria. you wouldn't find any numbers or any sticks. Kilbourne made a promise to the students that the system would eventually disappear if she saw that students learned to value inclusivity       and friendship.\n    People really saw a change. A girl was walking around by herself with her lunch in her hand. and four tables asked her to join them. At another table. a kindergartener was sitting alone for just a few moments before two sixth graders came over to sit with him. and actively included him in conversation.\n     Now we are left wondering: how can lessons learned from the cafeteria be used elsewhere? Students and adults all over the country could benefit from an approach in which every person is always welcome at the table in any situation.", "id": "high18544.txt"}