{"answers": ["A", "C"], "options": [["having a hobby can help us relax", "reading a book alone is really boring", "keeping a hobby is not easy for most of people", "having a glass of wine with friends is not a good idea"], ["have been looking for it", "don't know what it is", "get it unexpectedly", "like it very much"]], "questions": ["We can infer that in the writer's opinion,  _  .", "If something falls into your lap, it means you  _  ."], "article": "Nowadays, most of us live a busy life. What do you do to keep yourself relaxed? Besides spending time with family, having a glass of wine with friends or reading a book, how about a hobby?\n   Personally, I'm a collector. I like blue and white pieces the best---blue and white anything!Plates,jars,vases, cups, bowls---I love them all. Collecting items is like something you can't get enough of. You get one, and you want to have more.\n   I find collecting to be a fun and inspirational hobby. In many ways, it's like a puzzle I'm never tired of solving. I look high and low for new pieces to add to my collection. I can often be found visiting Marshell's, looking over their inexpensive offerings. In fact, I found one of my favorite pieces there.\n   I've mixed inexpensive pieces from Marshell's with more expensive finds. A lot of times, it's the piece I'm not looking for that falls into my lap; I find a way to make it part of my blue and white family. What I love about my collection is that when I get inspired, I can move them around the house, mix and match and make things look fresh and new.\nEver since I was a little girl, blue has been my favorite color1. I think I got it from my aunt in Mexico. Some of my earliest memories are visiting her in Mexico and sitting on a chair in her kitchen, which had blue and white tiles from the floor to the ceiling. I would spend countless hours admiring all the beautiful blue and white plates and shiny blue tiles around her kitchen. Once I had a home, I began to build my own blue and white collection.", "id": "high18547.txt"}