{"answers": ["B"], "options": [["Our taste.", "Our health.", "The variety of foods.", "The source of foods."]], "questions": ["What do we consider most important when choosing our foods?"], "article": "The dark chocolate is one of the favourite food choices by many. The taste is simply irresistible  , the smell is inviting and the feel of every bite is surely what you are longing for.\nApart from the taste, you simply cannot resist it because it has a lot of benefits when it comes to your health. Our health is our priority   when it comes to the choice of our foods. If you worry that the chocolate is bad for your health, then here is a list of the effects of dark chocolate to health especially when taken with the right amount every day.\nFirst of all , it contains a component called falconoid   which acts as an antioxidant  . The antioxidants fight the common signs of aging. The antioxidants are also good for the heart. Studies have shown that people who ate foods rich in antioxidants have low risk of heart diseases.\nIn addition to the anti-aging and healthy heart benefits, the dark chocolate can also lower blood pressure and reduce bad cholesterol   to as high as 10%. Lowering of blood pressure in patients of high blood level is good because it will lower the risks of stroke and certain health crisis. Low levels of blood cholesterol are also good for the heart and take away the risk of blood vessels which may harden for too much cholesterol in them.\nLastly, do you know the feeling of being overjoyed after jogging? This feeling is like extreme happiness. Dark chocolates will give you the feeling of pleasure and happiness. If you are feeling that the world has turned against you, then a chocolate can be a mood lifter. It can help fight depression. Usually when we feel so bad, we would crave to eat more food. If you are looking for something to eat during your bad moments, try to take a bite from a dark chocolate and feel good somehow after it.\nThese are commonly the effects of chocolates to health. It can benefit you especially if taken in moderate amounts. Approximately, 100 grams of chocolate or less a day is already enough according to studies. If you have taken too much, try to lessen on your other meals for the day. It is all about nutrition and taking the right amount of food in order to get the health benefits that it can provide for you.", "id": "high18564.txt"}