{"answers": ["B", "B", "C"], "options": [["with openings in the trunk walls", "large enough for several families", "in a ring shape with bark and mud", "by bending young trees to form the shape"], ["of the same shape", "covered with grass", "built with a post in the centre", "built with doorways at each end"], ["all the native Indians built trunk walls all around their houses", "all the native Indian houses were built with poles tied together", "the Iroquois Indians took safety into account while building their wigwams", "the Choctaw Indians in Mississippi built their wigwams with straight sides and ends"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, the Pawnee Indians built their houses   _  .", "All the native Indian houses described in the passage were  _  . K^S*5U.C", "The passage suggests that   _"], "article": "In the United States, there were some well-constructed houses for native Indians, ranging from the simple brush shelter to the five-storied pueblo.\nIn the eastern United States, one of the existing types was that commonly know under the Algonkian name of wigwam in which the Iroquois Indians lived. The wigwams were of wagon-top shape with straight sides and ends, made by bending young trees to form the round shape. Over this shape pieces of tree bark were laid to protect the Indians from bad weather. Over the bark dried grass was added. A small hole allowed smoke to escape from the top. Doorways at each end served also as windows, The Iroquois Indians built trunk walls all around their villages. The wall had only one opening, They could quickly close this opening if their enemies came near.\nInterestingly, the Choctaw Indians in Mississippi also lived in a wigwam of a most primitive  construction, but different from those of the Iroquois Indians. The Choctaw Indians' wigwams, made from mud, cane and straw, were in the form of a bee-hive. The covering was made of a long, tough grass. A post in the centre supported the roof. A hole in the top admitted the light, and allowed the smoke to pass out.\nThe tipi tent-housing of the upper lake and plains area was put up with poles set lightly in the ground, tied together near the top, and covered with bark and grass in the lake country. It was easily portable, and two women could set it up or take it down within an hour.\nThe Pawnee, Mandan and other Indian tribes   along the Missouri built solid ring-shaped structures of trunk, covered with earth and dried grass, housing a dozen families.\nThe Wichita and other tribes of the Texas border built large ring-shaped houses covered with dried grass. K^S*5U.C\nApart from the regular housing, almost every tribe had some style of housing.", "id": "high18565.txt"}