{"answers": ["D", "B", "D", "C"], "options": [["they can't pronounce standardizedly", "they spend little time listening English", "they are not familiar with the words they've learnt", "all mentioned above"], ["can help to communicate with others", "is the basic condition of listening", "helps the speaker to be understood easily", "makes listeners content to converse with you"], ["select a set of good books with cassettes", "watch what is happening on the screen", "talk to English-speaking foreigners", "read,watch,talk and listen"], ["Don't be too anxious about it.", "Use gestures to help you.", "Get into the habit of reading English every day.", "Find the liveliest textbook to read."]], "questions": ["Beginners often complain that listening to spoken English is too hard,because  _  .", "Standard pronunciation  _  .", "To improve your hearing,  _  .", "Supposing you are able to understand some words such as Clinton while listening,what would you do?"], "article": "Many people especially beginners,often complain that listening to spoken English is too hard for them.\nBut if you don't understand what people are saying,how can you converse   with them?It may be difficult,but learning by listening is necessary. It can be done.\nIt is a common fact that different people have different pronunciations of the same word. Stanronunciation is the basis for English study,especially of listening.\nIf your pronunciation is not standard,it is hard for other people to understand you as it is for you to understand them.\nYou may know the words when they are written down. That's important.You should plan to read every time you practise speaking and listening.\nSelect a set of good books with cassettes. Do the exercises, from the simple to the difficult, step by step.As for listening, you have many choices: Watch English-language films, listen to English-language radio and television programs.\nTry to listen every day,even if only for a few minutes. At first,you may understand few words or perhaps only familiar names such as Clinton. Don't give up. Just listen.\nOn TV,you can guess some of the words from watching what is happening on the screen.Gradually, you will find yourself recognizing some words.Try to pronounce them. Do you sound like the person on TV?\nAre you speaking standard English? Remember to read and practise speaking. It will help you to listen better. You may find many words that you missed or didn't understand when you were listening. Every day, spend an hour reading English.\nTalk to English-speaking foreigners whenever possible. Talking face to face is the liveliest textbook.In general, foreigners will speak more slowly with you, use simple words, and use gestures to help you understand them.", "id": "high18570.txt"}