{"answers": ["D"], "options": [["To present arguments about green building.", "To show different styles of green building.", "To introduce the effects that pollution causes.", "To encourage the application of green building."]], "questions": ["What is the writing purpose of the passage?"], "article": "Pollution's great effects on the environment have become more obvious in recent years, resulting in a movement to make best use of energy, depend less on fossil   fuels, and to cut down air and water pollution. Most scientists agree that such changes are necessary to protect our environment from further harm.\nThe construction industry uses up a large quantity of energy and resources and creates a huge amount of pollution. In the United States, building takes up 39% of the country's total energy use, 12% of total water use, 68% of total electricity use, and 38% of carbon dioxide emissions  , according to the Environment Protection Agency.\nGreen buildings use less energy, water, create less waste, and are healthier to live, work, or go to school in than standard buildings. Green buildings use resources more properly during the entire building cycle than traditional building. The environmental benefits of building green include the protection of ecosystems , improved air and water quality, less waste flowing into streams, and the protection of natural resources. Green buildings can also result in lower operating costs because they use less energy and materials and improve indoor air quality, which improves the health of those who live in such buildings.\nThe process of building green includes technical and aesthetic  planning with nature protection in mind. Building designs often mirror the surrounding environment and natural resources and use building materials that can be reused. In addition, recycled resources that are found locally are used for green buildings, diminishing the cost and air pollution related with transporting materials over long distances. Careful selection of the building place is important to reduce human effect on the surrounding environment. For example, placing a structure in an area that allows it to take advantage of cool wind and sunlight can reduce energy use and expenses. More energy and expense are needed for larger buildings as well, so it is important to build small. Besides, green roofs can be built to reduce energy use and cost. These roofs are partly or completely covered with vegetation, which helps reduce heating and cooling costs, prevent storm-water runoff, and so on. Other advantages of green buildings often include energy and water saving, recycling, and waste reduction. What's more, energy sources such as solar power and wind power are used for heat and electricity, which reduces costs and the effect on the environment.", "id": "high18588.txt"}