{"answers": ["B", "A", "D", "B"], "options": [["His sandwich went bad as expected", "He couldn't eat the sandwich he had bought", "His sandwich caused trouble to some equipment", "He filled his pocket with the sandwich."], ["To protect the astronauts' safety", "To provide enough food for astronauts", "To limit how much junk food astronauts eat", "To make it easy for astronauts to get enough nutrition"], ["keep astronauts healthy", "keep it from breaking apart", "change its taste", "make it last longer"], ["How to make space food", "The history of space food", "A food incident in the Gemini capsule", "The process of making space food"]], "questions": ["What happened to John Young in the Geminni III capsule?", "Why has NASA set up strict rules on the space since the 1960's?", "The majority of the space food is dried out or heat-treated in order to   _  .", "What is the text mainly about?"], "article": "What do astronauts eat in space, and why? How did astronaut food come into being? How do astronauts preserve food for long periods of time in space? NASA(the National Aeronautics and Space Administration) has been researching food for space travel since the 1960's to find the best way of keeping astronauts from going hungry.\nThe research could date from an accident that took place on the first manned Gemini mission in 1965. astronaut John Young managed to sneak a corned beef sandwich onto the Geminni III capsule to eat during its orbit around Earth. To Young's surprise, the sandwich plan did not go as expected; instead the sandwich began to break apart and scatter through the Geminni IIIcapsule. This could have resulted in disaster, since a small piece of food could have stuck in the air vents and other equipment. The sandwich was stuffed into a pocket to avoid the further mess inside the small space capsule This incident caused NASA to enforce strict rules on what types of food can be taken into space.\nSpace food has come a long way since then. During the Gemini period, the astronauts mostly ate cubed, compressed foods high in calories and lightweight.\nNASA expects a long shelf life for space food. The majority of food taken into space has been dried out or heat-treated. These process and use of sodium , make the food taken into space last longer. Research is ongoing into space food to seek out healthier ways to preserve it. Too much sodium is unhealthy, and can badly change the taste of some foods.", "id": "high18594.txt"}