{"answers": ["C", "A", "A"], "options": [["The number of men and women who have foot problems is similar.", "Walking as little as possible can protect your feet from pain.", "More than half of the respondents have serious foot problems.", "53% of people develop foot pain in their 60s."], ["Not all of it can be avoided.", "People can't slow its process.", "Walking more will stop foot pain.", "Preventive actions can't work well."], ["26.2 cm", "25.2 cm", "26 cm", "25 cm"]], "questions": ["What do we know from the passage?", "Which of the following statements best explains foot pain?", "If your feet are 26 cm long at 23, what is the probable length of your feet when you are 43?"], "article": "If you know the following fact, you'll understand why many people suffer from foot problems. The average person walks the equivalent of three times around the Earth in a lifetime. That is enormous wear and tear on the 26 bones, 33 joints and more than 100 muscles that make up the foot.\nIn a recent survey for the American Podiatric Medical Association, 53 percent of respondents reported foot pain so severe that it affected their daily function. On average, people develop pain in their 60s, but it can start as early as the 20s and 30s. And usually women give care to their feet while men don't. \n\"A lot of people think foot pain is part of the aging process and accept it, and walk with pain,\" said Dr Andrew Shapiro. Though some foot problems are inevitable, their progress can be slowed. \nThe following questions will help you assess whether you should take more preventive action as you age. Do you have flat feet or high arches ? Either puts feet at risk. Shoes that support the arch and heel can help flat feet. People with high arches should look for roomy shoes and softer padding  to absorb the shock. Proper exercises also strengthen muscles, supporting the foot. \nDo your shoes fit? In the survey, more than 34 percent of men said they could not remember the last time their feet were measured. 20 percent of women said that once a week they wore shoes that hurt, and 8 percent wore painful shoes daily. Feet flatten and lengthen with age, so if you still stick to the shoe size you wore at the age of 21, get your feet measured. \nDo you walk? Putting more mileage  on your feet is the best way to exercise the muscles and keep them healthy.", "id": "high18595.txt"}