{"answers": ["D", "C", "A", "B"], "options": [["The iPad is expensive and the author wants to make sure an iPad is worthy.", "He has already got an iPhone and expects to test the better quality of iPad.", "The local Apple Store only offters limited time to test out the machine.", "The iPad is so expensive that he cannot afford it."], ["facilitates online sharing", "helps people borrow things from their neighbors", "connects borrowers and lenders for stuff sharing", "sells iPad online"], ["Favorable", "Critical", "Indifferent", "Not known"], ["SnapGoods: a Good Place For Shopping", "Borrow, Don't Buy: Websites That Let Strangers Share", "Why Do I Rent", "Tips For Selling Things On the Internet"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is NOT a reason for the author's renting an iPad instead of buying one?", "SnapGoods is a website which  _  .", "What is Ron Williams' attitude towards collaborative consumption?", "Which of the following can best serve as the title of the passage?"], "article": "Because I am extremely vulnerable to both slick advertising and peer pressure, I've been thinking about getting an iPad. But here's the problem: I'm cheap, and the iPad's not. If I'm going to fork over at least $499 for a new device, I want to try it out and make sure it's not just a larger, shinier version of my iPhone. But if I went to my local Apple Store, I'd get to spend only a few minutes testing out the machine. I wanted more time than that, so I rented one for $15 a day from a guy on SnapGoods.\nThe Internet start-up in Brooklyn runs on simple reasoning: there are people who want to borrow stuff - camping equipment, food processors, robot vacuums, etc. - and there are people who have stuff they want to lend. SnapGoods helps these two groups connect over the Web. SnapGoods is one of many sites that have sprung up to facilitate offline sharing. Some sites have a narrow, obvious focus (like SwapBabyGoods.com) while others are more obscure (Neighborhood Fruit helps people share what's growing in their yards or find fruit trees on public land). But regardless of whether the sharing is free or involves a fee, these transactions often come with a stick-it-to-the-man attitude. \"Borrow these things from your neighbors,\" reads one earnest request on neighborrow.com, \"The owner-ship has SAILED!\"\nAll of these sites are encouraging something academics call collaborative consumption - in other words, peer-to-peer sharing or renting. Renting something you don't need to use very often makes a lot more sense than buying it and letting it collect dust in your garage. There's a green aspect as well, since sharing helps cut down on overall use of resources. But one of collaborative consumption's most surprising benefits turns out to be social. In an era when families are scattered around the country and we may not know the people down the street from us, sharing things - even with strangers we've just met online - allows us to make meaningful connections.\n\"This isn't just about saving the environment or saving a dollar,\" says SnapGoods CEO Ron Williams, who came up with the idea after renting a stranger's motorcycle via Craigslist. \"This is about saving yourself by making informed consumer decisions.\"\nI'm not sure if I got a thrill when I borrowed Goodwin's iPad, but it did feel good to make a connection. In the end, though, I decided not to purchase an iPad. Sorry, Steve Jobs. I'm just not that into owning things anymore.", "id": "high18618.txt"}