{"answers": ["A", "B", "A", "C"], "options": [["it has stimulated a Chinese craze for travel writing", "its author was born in the late 1970s and 1980s", "a hostel in Lijiang Yunnan province is named after this book", "it is the first book to tell people when and where to travel"], ["they have attached lots of amazing photos in their books", "they tell their own personal growth stories through travelling", "they provide some information about landscapes in their books", "they tell people how to choose the most suitable destinations"], ["they should write from a special view point", "they should change their writing styles", "they should go to some dangerous areas", "they should provide their personal stories"], ["it is a dream for people to open a hostel named after their favorite book", "travel books written by young people will surely become best sellers", "the idea to get away from the present routine life appeals to many people", "it is much easier for a single to find one's Mr. or Miss. Right while travelling"]], "questions": ["\"A Decade of Backpacking\" was considered a milestone because   _  .", "The books by young writers are different from the traditional ones in that   _  .", "If new travel writers want to impress the editors,   _  .", "From the passage, we can infer that   _  ."], "article": "As he looks up at the Jade Dragon Mountain, Zhang Jinpeng basks  in the sunshine on the roof-top of his youth hostel in Lijiang, a popular tourist destination in Yunnan province in Southwest China. He is content and excited at the same time, since the hostel, which he named after his best-seller A Decade of Backpacking, opened earlier this month.\nPublished in 2010, Zhang's book was considered a milestone in Chinese travel writing. It sold more than 600,000 copies and triggered a wave of travel books by other Chinese writers who were born in the late 1970s and 1980s. Different from travel guides and traditional Chinese travel literature that mainly depict  landscapes and scenery, these books by young travelers tell stories of their personal growth through traveling.\nIn A Decade of Backpacking, Zhang recounts his travels around the world since 2001, after he graduated from Nan Kai University in Tianjin and decided to see the world. \"At the time my book came out, there were few books that catered to young people's longing while traveling.\" Zhang's book ignited a Chinese craze for travel writing. Featuring different themes, travel writing became a popular genre. But most of the books have one thing in common: The travelers are mostly young people. The Late Gap Year (2009), written by Sun Dongchun, tells the story of a young man who gave up a white-collar job and started a three-month trip for a volunteer program in Southeast Asia. The trip turned into a year-long travel. What's more, he even found his Miss Right and got married by the end of the story. We Always Travel Hand in Hand, published in 2012, was written by a young couple. Their travel romance, complete with beautiful pictures, first went viral on a Chinese micro-blog. Song Zhenshao, counselor at the psychological counseling center of Beijing Normal University, says: \"To step out of ordinary life is a deep desire associated with freedom in people's hearts, and the hustle and bustle of city life intensifies  the desire.\"\nBut as more similar travelogues hit the bookshelves, the average sales for new travel books have dropped. \"The market for travel writing has become saturated ,\" says Li Shen, editor of several travel books at the Beijing-based China Civic Press. \"We have been very cautious in accepting manuscripts from new travel writers. We don't publish them unless they have a very unique perspective or unusual experiences.\" Zhang Jinpeng, too, has been changing the direction in his writing. After A Decade of Backpacking, he published Why We Travel in 2012. His next book will be titled Don't Forget the Road Back Home.", "id": "high18629.txt"}