{"answers": ["B"], "options": [["advertise readers", "Soon he was given a contract, and he dropped out of college.", "entertain readers", "persuade readers"]], "questions": ["The author writes the text to   _  ."], "article": "Steven Spielberg has always had one goal: to tell as many great stories to as many people as possible. Spielberg spent his early childhood in New Jersey and,later, Arizona. Some of his childhood memories became the inspiration for his filmmaking. \nEven decades later, Spielberg says he has clear memories of his earliest years, which are the origins of some of his biggest hits. He believes that E.T.is the result of the difficult years leading up to his parent's 1966 divorce, \"It is really about a young boy who was in search of some stability in his life.\" \"He was scared of just about everything,\" recalls his mother, \"When trees brushed against the house,he would jump into my bed. And that's just the kind of scary stuff he would put in films like Poltergeist.\" To this day, Spielberg's wife, actress Kate Capshaw , says her husband remains terrified of airplanes. \nSpielberg was 11 when he first got his hands on his dad's movie camera and began shooting short movies about World War II battles. These homemade movies gave him a way to escape his fears. From the very beginning, he had a creative imagination. With his talent for scary storytelling, he could terrify his three younger sisters. It also made it easier for him to make friends. On camping trips, when night fell,young Spielberg became the center of attention. He would start telling his ghost stories, and everyone would suddenly get quiet so that they could all hear it. \nSpielberg moved to California with his father and went to high school there, but his grades were so bad that he hardly graduated. Both UCLA and USC film schools rejected him,so he entered California State University at Long Beach because it was close to Hollywood. Spielberg was determined to make movies,and he managed to get an unpaid,non-credit internship in Hollywood. Soon he was given a contract, and he dropped out of college. He never looked back. \nNow,many years later, Spielberg is still telling stories with as much enthusiasm as when he was a boy.", "id": "high18627.txt"}