{"answers": ["B", "C", "A", "D"], "options": [["fight for their land", "beat for females", "hunt for food", "frighten their enemies"], ["all of the Kashmir musk deer in the mountainous area have fangs", "people hunt for the deer mainly because their meat is delicious", "it is  ly easier for hunters to hunt the rare species in winter", "the Kashmir musk deer are fierce animals because of their fangs"], ["Government control.", "Continued violence.", "Political instability.", "Years of war."], ["has been doing research on the musk deer in this area since 2010", "has sent a small group of people to search for the musk deer", "is one of the organizations sponsored by governments worldwide", "is making efforts to help and protect this rare species in the area"]], "questions": ["Male deer use fangs in mating season to   _  .", "From the passage, we could learn that   _  .", "Which factor does not contribute to the uncontrollable trade in the black market?", "The Wildlife Conservation Society   _  ."], "article": "An endangered deer with vampire-like fangs  was spotted for the first time in nearly 60 years, in a remote forest in northeastern Afghanistan. The fanged creature is known as the Kashmir musk deer, and it is native to the Himalayas of northern India, Pakistan's Kashmir region and northern Afghanistan. \nOnly the male deer have fangs, and they use them during mating season to compete for females. A team of researchers scoured   Afghanistan's Nuristan province during 2008 and 2009, and recorded five sightings of the animal. This was the first time the species had been spotted since 1948. During the survey, the researchers spotted a single male Kashmir musk deer near the same area three separate times. The researchers also recorded one female and her baby, and saw a second single female that they think may have been the same deer, without her baby. These musk deer are classified as an endangered species on the International Union for Conservation of Nature's Red List. Musk-deer meat is a local delicacy, but the species is mostly hunted for its scent glands that are more valuable by weight than gold -- some believe the glands have pharmaceutical  properties, and they sell for nearly $20,455 per pound ($45,000 per kilogram) on the black market, according to the International Union for Conservation of Nature.\nThree decades of war have ravaged Nuristan province, and the continued violence and political instability make the black-market trade of scent glands uncontrollable. Furthermore, the species is quickly losing suitable habitat. All of the musk deer were spotted on sheltered rocky outcrops around 9,843 feet (3,000 meters) high. In the summer, they regularly trek  along steep slopes that make them almost impossible to approach and keep them  ly safe from hunters. However, heavy snowfall in the winter drives the species farther down, to more human-accessible slopes, and hunters come from all over the country to stalk  the deer for their valuable scent glands.\nDue to violence and unrest, nongovernmental organizations like the Wildlife Conservation Society have not been able to operate in the Nuristan province since 2010. The WCS maintains contact with locals they have trained to survey and search for the musk deer. Once the situation in Nuristan improves, the WCS intends to return to the area to continue research and to formulate a conservation plan.", "id": "high18630.txt"}