{"answers": ["B", "C", "C"], "options": [["They always seek advice from the ordinary people.", "They analyze the speeches given by former US Presidents.", "They usually have to finish writing a speech in a short time.", "They try not to mention Obama's past mistakes in the speeches."], ["usually starts with some famous saying", "sometimes turns his speech into a song", "sometimes shares a joke with the audience", "is very strict most of the time"], ["negative", "indifferent", "positive", "doubtful"]], "questions": ["What do we know about Obama's writing team according to the passage?", "When delivering a speech, Obama   _  .", "What's the author's attitude towards Obama's speeches?"], "article": "You might say that Barack Obama was elected President of the US because he knows how to give a speech. In 2004, the little-known Obama gave a speech at the Democratic National Convention  . It was a great speech -- poetic, and inspiring. The people who heard it would remember it for a long time.\nSince 2004, Obama has written and delivered thousands of speeches. There are usually praised for two reasons: he treats the audiences like intelligent adults, and he is able to express complicated ideas in a straightforward, natural way.\nBefore becoming President, Obama was a lawyer, a college professor, and a successful writer - his two memoirs   have become best sellers. The skills he needed to succeed in his previous jobs have also contributed to his success as a speechmaker.\nAs a lawyer, Obama learned how to make strong, convincing arguments. As a professor, he learned how to explain complex subjects in ways that helped students understand without boring them. As a writer, he learned how to use languages to have a powerful influence on his audience. A famous American musician even turned one of Obama's early speeches into a song during the election campaign.\nSecret weapons of Obama\nWriting team: Obama has a team of people who write his speeches. The writers chat with Obama for hours about what he wants to say. Then listen to recordings of past presidential addresses and seek advice from advisers. Obama usually edits and rewrites the drafts several times.\nMake fun of the guests: Obama starts his speech by gently making fun of his guests. His opening lines attract the audience's attention while giving them an opportunity to relax and laugh at themselves and each other.\nMake fun of himself: Obama laughs at his past mistakes and is never afraid of showing them to the public.\nObama delivers speeches to audiences large and small. He can make his audiences laugh or cry. His speeches are always thoughtful, well written and just right for each occasion.", "id": "high1863.txt"}