{"answers": ["A", "D", "B"], "options": [["Temple of Doom", "The last Crusade", "Raiders of the lost Ark", "Kingdom of the Crystal Skull"], ["is the best movie made in Newland", "was shot from Wellington to Auckland", "encouraged a 17-year-old boy to travel in New 2ealand.", "caught the director's attention while he was travelling"], ["owns a large amount of fortune", "contributes to helping a man out of trouble", "goes sightseeing in Rome and Naples", "becomes wealthy by always working hard"]], "questions": ["If someone is interested in seeing views in Sri Lanka, he / she would most probably_watch the film", "From paragaph 2 we can know that the story of The Lord of the Rings   _  .", "The movie The Talented Mr. Ripley tells us a story of a man who  _  ."], "article": "Here are some of the movies that inspire you to travel.\nThe Lord of the Rings\nThe story is about Frodo, his friends and their adventurous journey through Middle Earth. Filmed in about 150 locations all over New Zealand, this traveling movie shows its beauty. From the rolling hills of Matamata to the volcanic retrion of Mt Ruapehu, this is the best movie o see New Zealand .  Also, this travel movie might have the only distinction of being inspired by ravel too. The director of the movie Peter Jackson first read the novel on a train going from ellington to Auckland when he was just seventeen.\nIndiana Jones. The Complete Adventure Collection\nIndiana Jones and travel are inseparable.  Everyone remembers the red line on the world map that shows up on screen when he flies.  The Egypt scenes in Raiders of the Lost Ark were filmed in Tunisia.  Temple of doom was filmed mostly in Sri Lanka and Macau.  The Last Crusade was filmed in Italy , Spain and Jordan including an excellent view of Petra.   Unlike the other,  Kingdom of the Crystal Skull was filmed almost entirely in the United States.  However, their shots of Iguazu Falls are amazing.\nRomancing the Stone and jewel of the Nile\nThis movie series focuses on a romance writer Joan and her adventures with a soldier of fortune named Jack. In Romancing the stone Joan goes to Colombia to save her sister who was kidnapped  .  In the sequel Joan goes to the fictional kingdom of Kadir set somewhere in the Middle East. Romancing the stone's scenes were shot mostly in Mexico. For Jewel of the Nile, the scenes were mostly shot in France and Morocco.\nThe Telented Mr Ripley\nTom Ripley is a working class young man. Through a case of mistaken identity, he is asked to go to Italy to convince a wealthy businessman's son to come home. This travel movie starts in New York and heads to the fictional resort of Mongibello . The last section of the movie is filmed mostly in Rome and Naples. The locations are beautiful. They also did a good job of showing Italy as it looked in the 1960s.", "id": "high18646.txt"}