{"answers": ["A", "C", "B", "A"], "options": [["One hour.", "One and a half hours.", "Two hours.", "Two and a half hours."], ["wore a red tie", "didn't have a mobile phone", "was picked up by his dad", "had no homework at all"], ["the school was far away from the Luxor museum", "the break lasted until 12:30 pm", "the writer's mother sent him to school today", "the writer had 12 books in all"], ["the writer's first two days at school", "how to get ready for the first day of school", "what to wear on the first day of school", "the writer's interesting experiences at school"]], "questions": ["How long did it take the writer to go to school after getting up yesterday ?", "On the first day of school, the writer   _   .", "We can learn from the passage that   _  .", "The passage mainly talks about   _   ."], "article": "Yesterday was my first day of school. I had to wake up at 6 am and I had a bit of breakfast and got dressed in my school clothes. I got a service car to the Nile and crossed the Nile in a motor boat. Then it dropped me off at the Luxor museum and I walked to school which is at the back of the Luxor museum. By the time I got to school, it was 7 am. My mum came with me the first day. I got my school tie wrong. My tie was grey and everyone else's was red. The shop had sold me the wrong one. So I had to change it that evening. Everyone has mobile phones but theirs are better than mine.\nIn the morning we did a stupid dance and sang the Egyptian national song. We had to hold on to each other's bag as we marched to class. We had English class and boring literature and then we had math. After math the teacher gave out the books we would need for all our lessons, all 22 of them. My bag was so heavy. We had a break at 12 and we could buy food and drink. It lasted for half an hour. I enjoyed English and science. Yesterday we finished at 2:15 pm and my dad picked me up. I finished my homework soon after school and I felt happy about that.\nToday, I had to go to school by myself. This morning I got there at 7:15 am. After school, I came back by myself in the motor boat again and got myself an ice cream while I was waiting for it. Today I had no homework to do. So, when I got home, I helped my mother with cooking.", "id": "high18676.txt"}