{"answers": ["B", "D", "C", "A"], "options": [["Because his handwriting was like a thief's.", "Because a thief had used the same name as his.", "Because he didn't sign his name correctly.", "Because his cheque was different from others."], ["got very angry and left at once", "went out to buy a diamond necklace somewhere else", "insisted on staying until the police came", "thought that he had nothing to do with the stealing"], ["they didn't think the man was a thief", "the man was old and very rich", "they were not sure whether the man was the thief they wanted", "they doubted that the man was responsible for a number of recent robberies"], ["Though the man had some trouble, he got the necklace without paying cash.", "Nobody saw the man take the necklace with him.", "The manager never thought an old man would be a thief.", "The thief always stole things in famous jewelry shops."]], "questions": ["Why was the man invited into the manager's office?", "After the man heard what the manager said, he   _  .", "The police were polite, too, because   _  .", "Which of the following is suggested   in the passage?"], "article": "An old and very rich friend of mine told me he had an unpleasant experience. He went to a famous jewelry shop and asked to be shown some gold necklaces. After examining several minutes, he decided to buy a gold necklace with a precious diamond, and asked if he could pay by cheque  . The assistant said that was quite in order, but the moment my friend signed his name, he was invited into the manager's office. The manager was very polite, but he explained that someone with exactly the same name had given them a worthless cheque not long ago. My friend got very angry when he heard this and said that he would buy a diamond necklace somewhere else. When he got up to go, the manager told him that the police would arrive at any moment and he had better stay unless he wanted to get into serious trouble. Sure enough, the police arrived soon afterwards. They were polite, too, but explained that a person who had used the same name as his was responsible for a number of recent robberies. Then the police asked my friend to copy out a note which had been used by the thief in a number of stores. The note read, \"I have a gun in my pocket. Ask no question and give me all the money in the drawer.\"\nLuckily, my friend's handwriting was quite unlike the thief's. He was not only allowed to go without further delay,but also to take the diamond necklace with him.", "id": "high18684.txt"}