{"answers": ["B", "D", "C"], "options": [["It's unusual that the members of this music group are all women.", "The lead singer said negative comments about the president's political actions.", "The music group changed their musical style after they lost fans.", "Their recently released album is still very popular around the whole country."], ["gives an apology for their impoliteness to President Bush", "criticizes their former fans who don't like their music any longer", "represents their political views opposing the Bush Administration", "expresses their beliefs about thinking and acting freely"], ["the Dixie Chicks will never become the biggest-selling female group again", "it's not easy for the Dixie Chicks to get rid of the influence from country music", "there are many objections and negative attitudes toward the Dixie Chicks", "the Dixie Chicks can't get public acceptance of their musical style"]], "questions": ["What caused the Dixie Chicks to be the most disputed musical group?", "The new album not only shows their new musical style, but also   _  .", "Although the new album quickly became the top-selling album after being released,   _  ."], "article": "The Dixie Chicks used to be known as the biggest-selling female group in music history. Now they are known as one of the most disputed .\nIn 2003, Natalie Maines, the lead singer of the Dixie Chicks, was in the news. During a concert in London, she criticized President Bush for his political actions. She spoke less than two weeks before the invasion of Iraq. The Chicks did not realize the effect of those words. They soon lost their fans. They even received death threats. The comment changed the direction of their lives, music, and beliefs. Now, their new album Taking the Long Way shows their new musical direction. It is about acting and thinking freely. Maines openly sings about criticizing the president. She says she learned about herself by expressing her beliefs. The album also represents the Chicks' new musical style. In the past, they only sang songs influenced by country music. They did not always write their own music. Now, they are adding some rock sounds to their song collection, and they wrote every song on the album. Taking the Long Way quickly became the top-selling album in the country when it was released at the end of May. But many country music radio stations will not play music by the Dixie Chicks. Many people in the country music industry now oppose the band for criticizing the president. However, the Dixie Chicks continue to stress the importance of standing firmly and bravely for what they believe in --no matter what people may think or say.", "id": "high18710.txt"}