{"answers": ["D", "A", "D"], "options": [["Von Altenburg was the Baron's son.", "Anne and Bertha were the Baron's sisters.", "Anne was Berton's only daughter.", "Von Altenburg was Anne's intended husband."], ["He accepted his intended marriage arranged without his knowledge.", "He was eager to meet his intended wife so he retired from the army.", "He wouldn't have been welcome by the bride had he arrived on time.", "He didn't like the marriage so purposely delayed going to the castle."], ["The sun was so warm over the rich forests of the Odenwald.", "The Baron went to the tallest tower to see if he could see any sign of the Count.", "The sound of horns came floating up from the valley.", "The sun had set, and the bats began to fly about in the evening light."]], "questions": ["Which is the right relationship of the characters in the novel?", "What can best describe the bridegroom?", "Which of the following descriptions best reflects the disappointed feeling of the Baron family?"], "article": "The Ghost Bridegroom\nAt the time of this story, there was a great family gathering at the castle to meet the promised bridegroom of the Baron's daughter. An arrangement had been made between the Baron and an old nobleman of Bavaria, Berton, for a marriage between their children. It would increase the importance of both families. The initial plans had been made in the usual way: the young people were engaged without having met each other and the date set for the wedding.\nThe young Count  Von Altenburg had been recalled from the army and was on his way to the castle to meet his promised bride. Messages had been received from Wurtzburg where he was accidentally delayed. The messages indicated the day and time when he might be expected to arrive. The castle was in a fever of preparation to provide him with a suitable welcome.\nAnne had dressed with particular care. Bertha and Wilda had selected her clothing and quarreled all morning about what she should wear. The young lady had taken advantage of their arguments to wear exactly what she wanted and had chosen very well. She looked as beautiful as any young bridegroom could wish for, and the excitement made her look even lovelier. The two aunts constantly directed her, as single aunts usually take a great interest in the love affairs of others. They were giving her the final instructions on how to behave, what to say, and how to greet her intended husband.\nHour by hour passed. The sun, which had been so warm over the rich forests of the Odenwald, was now setting along the tops of the mountains. The Baron went to the tallest tower in the castle to see if he could see any sign of the Count and his escorts.\nOnce, he thought he saw them. The sound of horns came floating up from the valley. A party of men was seen far below, riding slowly along the road. It was a false alarm, for when they reached the foot of the mountain, they suddenly rode off in a different direction. The sun, by now, had set, and the bats began to fly about in the evening light. It was getting dark, and the only movement on the road was the occasional worker returning home.", "id": "high18715.txt"}