{"answers": ["B", "D", "B"], "options": [["self-rule", "occupation", "peace and friendship", "independence"], ["before the Independence War", "right after the Independence War", "when independence was declared in 1776", "during the War of Independence which ended in 1783"], ["13 independent states", "the colonies that declared independence in 1776", "the U.S. Congress", "13 famous figures in the American colonies"]], "questions": ["Before the War of Independence the flags of various European nations flown over the land were symbols of_.", "The first official flag of the United States was adopted   _  .", "The 13 red and white stripes and13 white Stars represent  _  ."], "article": "The basic flag of the United States is one of the world's oldest national flags. Only the basic flags of Austria, Denmark, Great Britain, the Netherlands, Sweden, and Switzerland are older.\nDuring the discovery and settlement of what is now the United States, the flags of various European nations were flown over the land, as symbols of possession. Later, in the Colonial and Revolutionary War periods, flags representing famous persons, places, and events were flown in the American Colonies.\nThe first official flag of the United States was created by Congress on June 14,1777. It consisted of 13 alternate red and white stripes and 13 white stars in a field of blue, representing the 13colonies that had declared their independence in 1776. Congress adopted a new flag of 15 stars and 15 stripes in 1795, to give representation to the two new states admitted into the Union, Vermont and Kentucky.\nBy 1817 there were 20 states in the Union, and it became apparent that adding one stripe for each new state would destroy the shape of the flag. As a result, Congress in 1818 restored the original design of 13 stripes and provided that each state was to be represented by one star. In 1921 Preside William H. Taft made the first official provision for the arrangement of the stars. He ordered that there be six even rows of eight stars each. Previously the arrangement of the stars had been left to the flag- maker's fancy.\nThe evolution of the stars and stripes reflects the growth of the United States. After the admission of Hawaii into the Union in 1959, the flag was officially changed for the 26th time since its creation.\nThere are many government flags flown in the United States in addition to the national flag. Among them are the president's and vice-president's flags and those of the federal departments and some federal agencies. Each state in the Union has an official flag. The United States Navy uses special flags for signaling.", "id": "high18720.txt"}