{"answers": ["C", "B", "D"], "options": [["offering car service and flight tickets to Boston", "arranging for a substitute for her beforehand", "taking care of her food and uniforms", "cheering for her during the race"], ["Christine's two sisters were killed in the accident", "Christine's athletic performance stood out in the race", "Christine flew to Boston after her sister's funeral", "Christine broke the Post record in national meet in Boston"], ["Diligent practice.", "Excellent coaching.", "Good relationships.", "Firm determination."]], "questions": ["The efforts Christine's Post team made for her include the following EXCEPT   _  .", "We can learn from the passage that   _  .", "What is the crucial factor contributing to Christine's success in the race?"], "article": "She almost did not run. Christine Williams admits that now. She could barely put one foot after another following the wake  for her sister, who had died in an automobile accident. But she did run. With the cheers of friends and strangers reaching her heart, Williams set a C.W. Post record in Boston. Now she will run again, in the national Division II cross-country championships in Evansville, Ind. She wanted to be sure she was doing the right thing by running. She was the middle of three sisters, between Kerry, who is 25, and Jennifer, who was 18.\nJust going through any motions was hard enough, but Christine Williams wanted to know if she should put on her uniform and her shoes and run through the woods on an autumn afternoon, in the awful gaping time between her sister's wake and her funeral. \"I kind of got upset beforehand.\" Williams admitted. Not a chatterbox under normal conditions, she now holds herself the best way she can, the fewer words the better. She almost walked away from the start line. But her friend Angela Toscano, who had flown up to Boston with her, directly from the wake, was standing near the line and talked her through it. \"She said my sister would have wanted me to run.\" Christine said. And that was enough to get her started.\nThe accident happened just after midnight on Nov, 4. Four young women were driving in an unfamiliar area of Long Island in Eastport, N.Y., when one of them apparently ran a yield sign, and the car was hit by another vehicle. Heather Brownrigg and Jennifer Williams died, and their friends April Brown and Kaci Moran were treated at a hospital and released.\nThe crash made the papers. April Brown was charged with drunken driving and driving without a license.\nThe wake began on Nov. 6. The next day Christine was to run with the Post cross-country team at the regional meet. Rich Degnan, the Post coach,\"and Post officials offered a car service and tickets on the last flight-to Boston for Christine and Toscano. When they arrived at the hotel, the entire team was waiting up for her.\nEverybody knew about it at the regional meet. Degnan had to arrange for the flexibility of an alternate, just in case Christine could not go. Several times during the race, Christine felt she could not continue. But then she heard her friends and all those other people, those strangers from other colleges, calling her name. She thought about Jennifer. And she ran. She finished fourth in 22 minutes 58 seconds, breaking the Post record for the 6-kilometer distance by 15 seconds. And although the Post team didn't qualify for the nationals, Christine did.", "id": "high18729.txt"}