{"answers": ["B", "D"], "options": [["a teacher, boy-maker and businessman", "an athlete, inventor and businessman", "an athlete, writer and businessman", "a magician, writer and toy-maker"], ["An easy way into the sporting circle.", "The man who saved Christmas.", "Influenced of toys on children", "The amazing Mr. Gilbert."]], "questions": ["According to the text, Gilbert was known as   _  .", "What would be the best title for the text?"], "article": "Alfred Carlton Gilbert(1884-1961) was a man of many ideas and talents. As a small boy, he kept trying new things. At age 12, he started a sports club for his friends and got their school to have a field day with active games and prizes. As he grew and practiced, Gilbert became skilled at pole vaulting , pull-ups, the long jump and football. \nGilbert broke the world record for pull-ups in 1900 and the distance record for running long dive in 1902. And he won a gold medal in the pole vault at the Olympic Games in 1908. By that time, he had nearly finished medical studies. Choosing not to make medicine his career, Gilbert co-founded Mysto Manufacturing, a manufacturer of magic sets, in 1907. Gilbert had amused his friends and earned college money by doing magic tricks, so he knew what was needed. One day, Gilbert saw workers using steel girders  to build towers for power lines. That gave him the idea for the Erector Set, a popular construction toy.\nIn 1917, the Council of National Defense thought no toys should be produced for Christmas because the country was fighting in World War I. Gilbert and other men from the Toy Manufacturers of America went to Washington, with about 40 different toys. They had 15 minutes to speak. This meeting was at the end of a long, hard day. Gilbert told the government men at the meeting how toys helped children learn. His helpers brought out the toys. Soon, the tired government men were on the floor, playing with building sets, models of navy ships, and other toys. The time limit was forgotten; so was the Christmas toy ban .\nGilbert spent the rest of his life improving erector sets. His company made and sold the sets, plus chemistry and other science sets and toy trains. He made items for homes, businesses, and the army. When he died in 1961, he had 150 patents  for his many inventions. But his main joy was in helping children learn and have fun at the same time.", "id": "high18733.txt"}