{"answers": ["D", "B", "C", "A"], "options": [["Children in Uganda should eat fewer bananas.", "Vitamin A is largely found in fruits like bananas.", "Super bananas are definitely a safe biological product.", "people's eating habits can be used to develop new food."], ["The sensors hidden inside can help players run faster in a game.", "It can help players to improve their shooting and ball handling skills.", "It allows players to connect to their smartphones while playing basketball.", "The bluetooth chip inside allows its users to listen to music while playing basketball."], ["It enables its users to float off the ground freely.", "It can work on many different kinds of surfaces.", "It still needs to improve its power and efficiency.", "It is an affordable means of transport for a family."], ["They create magnetic fields to produce power.", "They apply technologies to many things in life.", "They apply technologies which can produce electricity.", "They use wireless technology to improve their products."]], "questions": ["Which of the following statements would James Dale agree with?", "What is the biggest advantage of the 94Fifty Basketball?", "What can we learn about the Hovercraft from the text?", "What do the hovercraft and wireless electricity have in common according to the text?."], "article": "The year of 2014 saw smart people always busy inventing useful things, which have hepled to make the world better, smarter and a little for fun. Now, let's take a look at some of the inventions.\nSuper banana\nAustralian biogeneticist  James Dale visited Uganda, a poor African country, in the early 2000s, where he found that 15-30 percent of children under 5 were at risk of going blind because they did not get enough Vitamin A. Dale also learned that people there love bananas. They eat three to 11 bananas a day. So he came up with the idea to plant bananas containing added nutrition in order to improve Ugandans' health. With the help of Bill Gates' foundation, Dale developed the \"super banana\". He added a gene to the fruit, making it rich in Vitamin A.\nCoaching basketball\nBasketball is popular worldwide, partly because you only need a hoop  and a ball to play the game. But this simple game has experienced a technology makeover this year with the development of a smart-sensor basketball.\nThe ball, called the 94Fifty Basketball, has nine sensors inside. They can tell you anything from how fast you are going to how accurate your shot angles are.\nWith a Bluetooth chip inside, the basketball can connect to your smartphone and tell you in the voice of a coach to \"snap your wrist  \", or\"go faster\", depending on the data.\nThe Hovercraft\nThanks to the California-based company Hendo, flying past your friends on a floating board could soon become a reality.\nThe Hovercraft has four small engines. These create a special magnetic field which produce enough force to lift the board off  the ground.\nAt the moment, the hoverboard  can only float an inch off the ground for 15 minutes and must fly over a metal material. It's expensive too, at $10,000 (61,810 yuan), but the company hopes that one day the technology could be used.\nWireless electricity\nMost of us could not bear to live without wireless Internet. We use it every day for everything from our phones to our cars. But one company wants to go a step further, by combining wireless technology with electricity.\nThat's right, no more tangled   wires and no more having to sit and hold your cell phone near a power socket  in the corner of the room. WiTricity, a US company, has invented technology that can power objects up to 2.4 meters away. It uses a special plug-in coil   that creates a magnetic field!", "id": "high18761.txt"}