{"answers": ["D", "B", "C"], "options": [["he thought it would bring him good luck.", "he noticed the postcard inside immediately.", "he decided to uncover the secret of the bottle.", "he wanted to throw it back into the sea at first."], ["He expected his grandfather could find the postcard.", "He wished the finder would send the postcard to his home.", "He believed his postcard would be kept secret at sea forever.", "He thought he could make friends with the finder of the bottle."], ["The finding of a floating bottle at the sea.", "A one-century-old letter to a grandfather.", "The world's oldest message in a floating bottle.", "The oldest Danish postcard in a floating bottle."]], "questions": ["When Konrad picked up the bottle from the sea,   _  .", "Why did Richard Platz throw the bottle with the message into the sea?", "What can be the best title for this passage?"], "article": "In April 2014, the world's oldest known message in a bottle was discovered floating in the Baltic Sea. It had spent 101years lost in the ocean! The message was finally sent to the author's granddaughter.\nA German fisherman named Konrad Fischer found the brown bottle near Kiel, Germany. He said he nearly threw the bottle back into the water after pulling it out of a fishing net. Then he noticed something inside.\nThe bottle in good condition contained a Danish postcard with two German stamps, dated May 17, 1913. Although dampness had made most of the writing illegible , the readable part of the message asked whoever found it to return it to an address in Berlin. It even contained two stamps to pay for postage.\nFrom the address, researchers found that the postcard was written by a man named Richard Platz, who was 20 years old when he wrote the message. While he was hiking on the Baltic coast with a nature appreciation group, he threw the bottle into the sea. Then the researcher began a research for any living  s of his. Sure enough, they were able to find his 62-year-old grandfather, Angela Erdmann, who still lives in Berlin.\n\"It was almost unbelievable,\" Erdmann said upon being presented with her grandfather's bottle and message, as quoted in The Local. \"That was a pretty moving moment. Tears rolled down my face.\"\nErdmann never knew her grandfather, who died in 1946, but says that the discovery of the bottle has made her want to learn more about him.\nThe bottle remained on display at the International Maritime Museum Hamburg until May 1. After that, the researchers examined the postcard and tried to figure out the meaning of the rest of the message.\nPreviously, the oldest message found in a bottle spent nearly 98 years at sea and was discovered in April 2012, according to Guinness World Records.", "id": "high18760.txt"}