{"answers": ["B", "D", "C"], "options": [["She was too old to learn American dance.", "American dance was seen as a lower art form.", "There was no academic school to teach dancing.", "Her family was too poor to afford her tuition."], ["was warmly welcomed by the youth", "achieved huge success once again", "received many awards for her age", "was attacked by people"], ["the background of modern dance in America", "the development of modern dance in America", "Martha Graham and her achievements in dance", "the awards Martha Graham won in her life"]], "questions": ["Why didn't Martha's parents approve of her desire to dance at first?", "When Martha Graham continued to dance in her 70s, she  _  .", "The text is mainly about  _  ."], "article": "Martha Graham, born in 1894, was one of the most famous dancers and creators of dance, whose influence on dance has been compared with the influence Picasso had on the modern visual arts, Stravinsky had on music, or Frank Lloyd Wright had on architecture. She created almost two hundred dance pieces. She is often called the Mother of Modern Dance.\nEarlier in her life, however, Martha did not know that she would become a dancer. At that time, the dancers were looked down on. So Martha's parents didn't approve of her desire to dance at the beginning. Until 1916, she began her studies at the newly created Denishawn School of Dancing and Related Arts, founded by Ruth St. Denis and Ted Shawn, where Graham worked very hard to improve her ability to dance because she was considered too old to begin dancing.\nIn 1936, Graham made her defining work, \"Chronicle^, which signaled the beginning of a new era in modern dance. The dance brought serious issues to the stage for the general public in a dramatic manner. Influenced by the Wall Street Crash of 1929, the Great Depression that followed, and the Spanish Civil War, it focused on depression and isolation, reflected in the dark nature of both the set and costumes.\nGraham continued to dance past the age of seventy. Once again, she was met with criticism from people who came to watch her shows. But she didn't give up. Her last completed ballet was 1990's Maple Leaf Rag. \"A Dancer's World\" is an introduction to Graham and her work. She tells about her dances and her dance group shows some of their methods.\nMartha Graham received many awards during her lifetime, including the Presidential Medal of Freedom in nineteen seventy-six. She was the -first dancer to receive the country's highest civilian  honor. She died in 1991 at the age of ninety-six. In 1998, Time magazine listed her as the \"Dancer of the Century\" and as one of the most important people of the twentieth century.", "id": "high18767.txt"}