{"answers": ["B", "C", "D", "B"], "options": [["how our first impressions are expressed", "how our first impressions are formed", "how we can favorably impress others", "how first impressions affect our lives"], ["the result of quick look", "not based on enough information", "a combination of pieces of information", "the observation of what a person does"], ["the way others speak", "appearance and style of dress", "all information we have", "certain types of information at hand"], ["ways of making good first impressions", "what kinds of input receive the greatest weight are not clear now.", "when we meet other persons for the first time we form an overall impression of them almost at once.", "The first impression that we form of other persons are always favorable."]], "questions": ["This passage is mainly about   _  .", "According to the passage, the first impression is   _  .", "Research has shown that first impressions are generally more affected by   _  .", "The passage tells us   _  ."], "article": "When we meet another person for the first time, we are actually flooded with new information. Almost at once, we notice his appearance, style of dress, and manner of speech. Furthermore (besides), as we listen to what he has to say and observe the things he does, we begin to form some ideas of what kind of person he is and what he intends to do. As you know from your own experience, though, we do not only gather these separate pieces of information. Instead, we go further and combine them into a unified   picture. In short, we form an overall impression of each person we meet--an impression that can be favorable (making people like) or unfavorable. But how precisely (exactly) do we perform this task? How do we combine so much different information into a clear first impression with such quick speed? A great deal of research has been performed on this question, and results point to the following answer: we perform this task through a special type of averaging  .\n       Expressed very simply, our impressions of others seem to represent a weighted average of all information that can be gathered about them. That is, they reflect a process in which all information we have about others is averaged together--but with some facts, or input   receiving greater weight than others. As you can readily see, this makes good sense. For example, in forming an impression of a new boss you would probably be affected to a much greater degree by how this person gives you orders (whether respectfully or not) than by the color1 of his or her eyes. The fact that not all information about other persons affects our impressions of them to the same degree, raises an important question. Just what kinds of input receive the greatest weight? Again research provides some revealing   answers.", "id": "high18778.txt"}