{"answers": ["D", "D", "A"], "options": [["When founded, Xiaomi sold cheap smart phones in supermarkets.", "Xiaomi expects to sell 500 million smart phones in 2015.", "Xiaomi smart phones are not available beyond China at present.", "Xiaomi's strategy and business plan worked."], ["Xiaomi set up an organization of its fans", "Han Yu made an amount of money by helping Xiaomi test its user interface", "Xiaomi prefers to develop its foreign market in advanced countries", "Xiaomi company has benefited from the organization of its fans"], ["The rise of a new smart phone Giant : China's Xiaomi", "The development of the company Xiaomi", "The future of the company Xiaomi", "The secret of Xiaomi's success"]], "questions": ["From the passage we know that  _  .", "We can infer from the passage that   _  .", "Which of the following is the best title for the passage?"], "article": "Over the summer, a Chinese company , Xiaomi, took the No.1 position in China's competitive market and became the world's third largest phone maker.\n   Xiaomi was founded in 2010 as a company to sell smartly designed phone at cheap prices over the Internet. A clever social media strategy and a business plan that emphasized selling services helped the company build enthusiastic support from young and trendy Chinese people. With people in China expected to buy 500 million smart phones in 2015, Xiaomi plans to solidify its position as one of the most powerful phone makers in the world's most important market.\n   The company's founders, including the Chinese entrepreneur Lei Jun and the former Google executive Lin Bin, hope that they will take the brand globally. Although Xiaomi is already sold internationally, next year will be the true test of whether it can continue its rise beyond China. Avoiding markets like the United States and Europe, Mr. Lei and Mr. Lin are looking at huge developing countries like Brazil and India. And they hope to use e-commerce networks to sell cheap and high-quality phones, and create their Chinese success.\n   Xiaomi fans have a high level of organization. They love Xiaomi. Han Yu, a 24-year-old boy studying for his master's degree, is one of those lovers. He helps Xiaomi test its user interface by looking for bugs and offering suggestions. Mr. Han moderates several pages on the company's online forum, which averages 200,000 posts a day and is where fans interact with the company. Much of his personal life revolves around Xiaomi and he said he was honored when his suggestions to create a private photo folders was adopted by Xiaomi.\n   Although Xiaomi makes some money on phone sales, the company's plan is to increase profitability by selling services like entertainment and apps through the phone. The company has also started to sell other devices, like a smart television, a tablet and a fitness band.", "id": "high18781.txt"}