{"answers": ["C"], "options": [["How to design revision plans for exams.", "How to increase confidence to pass exams.", "Some suggestions of dealing with exam stress.", "The influence of exam stress on people's mind and body."]], "questions": ["What does the text mainly talk about?"], "article": "The exam period is always a stressful time and it does not do justice for our mind and our physical body. We all cope with pressure in various ways. Yet you have no fear because there are ways to keep a healthy mind and healthy body.\nWhether you are planning your week or planning your day of study, a revision timetable will keep you focused and it will make it a lot less difficult to achieve those glorious high marks. A timetable will direct your efforts in the right direction. Besides, you also enjoy the satisfaction you get as a result of completing the most impossible timetable. Strict deadlines and time management techniques increase your confidence and make you work more efficiently  .\nUnfortunately, the work does not stop after perfecting the revision timetable. It is much easier to get motivated but more difficult to insist. It is fundamental that you choose to study in a quiet place where any distractions are out of sight. However, one mistake we all make is where we sit down, bury ourselves in books and remain in the same position until the sun goes down. You may think you have had a highly productive day of revision but in fact the quality of your work would have been better if you had allowed yourself short and often breaks. There is of course a limit to how long you can concentrate for. Therefore, it is important that you get some fresh air throughout the day. These breaks help to absorb what you have learnt and help avoid information overload.\nAnd lastly, avoid separating yourself from everybody else. Remember we have all felt under pressure at one point. Ask questions if you do not understand something. Learn to talk about it with friends or family when you are feeling stressed. You will have the ability to put everything back into a bright future.", "id": "high18792.txt"}