{"answers": ["B", "C", "D", "A", "D"], "options": [["Relieved; Guilty; Nervous", "Amazed; Nervous; Relieved", "Frightened; Moved; Guilty", "Frightened; Regretful; Relieved"], ["He wanted to stop and smell the rose again.", "He learned powerful lessons from it.", "The scene left a great impression on him.", "The couple crossed the street without assistance."], ["indicate he is busy", "make himself relaxed", "notice the world around", "find the beauty of life"], ["joint efforts do make a difference", "good manners never go out of fashion", "drivers observe the social order strictly", "the blind live a happy life despite difficulties"], ["To call on people to give a hand when necessary.", "To tell a story about the blind man crossing crossroads.", "To remind drivers to drive slowly for their own safety.", "To persuade people to enjoy a wonderful moment in life."]], "questions": ["Which of the following words can best describe the viewer's feelings when seeing the blind cross the street?", "Why did the viewer often reflect back on the scene?", "By saying \"Remember to stop and smell the roses\", the author intends to  _  .", "From the story, we can draw a conclusion that    .", "What is the author's purpose of writing this passage?"], "article": "We have all heard the expression: \"Remember to stop and smell the roses.\" But, how often do we really take time out of our hectic fast-paced lives to notice the world around us?\nI am as guilty as anyone of tuning out the world in this manner, especially when I am driving on California's overcrowded streets. A short time ago, however, I witnessed an event that showed me how being wrapped up in my own little world has kept me from being fully aware of the bigger world picture around me.\nI was driving to a business appointment and, as usual, I was planning in my mind what I was going to say. I came to a very busy crossroads where the stoplight had just turned red. \"All right,\" I thought to myself, \"I can beat the next light if I race ahead of the pack .\"My mind and car were in auto pilot, ready to go when suddenly my trance was broken by an unforgettable sight. A young couple, both blind, were walking arm-in-arm across this busy crossroads with cars whizzing by in every direction. The man was holding the hand of a little boy , while the woman was clutching a baby sling to her chest, obviously carrying a child. Each of them had a white cane extended, searching for clues to navigate them across the crossroads.\nInitially I was moved. They were overcoming what I felt was one of the most feared handicaps-blindness. \"Wouldn't it be terrible to be blind?\" I thought. Without realizing the danger they were in, they were walking right the path of oncoming cars. I was frightened for them because I didn't know if the other drivers understood what was happening.\nAs I watched from the front line of traffic (I had the best seat in the house), I saw a miracle unfold before my eyes. Every car in every direction came to a simultaneous stop. I never heard the screech of brakes or even the peep of a car horn. Nobody even yelled, \"Get out of the way!\" Everything froze. In that moment, time seemed to stand still for this family. Amazed , I looked at the cars around me to verify that we were all seeing the same thing, I noticed that everyone's attention was also fixed on the couple. Never skipping a beat, the couple adjusted their course as they followed the coaching. Trusting their white canes and the calls from some concerned citizens, they made it to the other side of the road. As they arrived at the curb, one thing struck me-they were still arm-in-arm .I was taken aback by the emotionless expressions on their faces and judged that they had no idea what was really going on around them. Yet I immediately sensed the sighs of relief exhaled by everyone stopped at that intersection.\nAs I glanced into the cars around me, the driver on my right was mouthing the words \"oh, did you see that?!\" The driver to the left of me was saying, \"I can't believe it!\" I think all of us were deeply moved by what we had just witnessed. Here were human beings stepping outside themselves for a moment to help four people in need.\nI have reflected back on this situation many times since it happened and have leamed several powerful lessons from it. Take time to look around and really see what is going on in front of you right now. Do this and you will realize that this moment is all there is, more importantly, this moment is all that you have to make a difference in life.\nAs I drove away from that busy intersection, I did so with more awareness of life and compassion for others than I had arrived there with. Since then I have made the decision to really see life as I go about my daily activities and use my God-given talents to help others less fortunate.\nDo yourself a favor as you walk through life: Slow down and take the time to really see. Take a moment to see what is going on around you right now, right where you are. You may be missing something wonderful.", "id": "high18811.txt"}