{"answers": ["C", "A"], "options": [["fashionable and expensive", "made at home by himself", "that agrees with the personality of the receiver", "that matches the character of the giver"], ["Homemade gifts", "Delicious food", "Expensive clothes", "An interesting book"]], "questions": ["A person who likes the self-image of another person will give the latter a gift  _  .", "What kind of gifts would people give if they want to show their love toward others?"], "article": "What you give your  s and friends can help you know yourself better. Also, what they give you can tell you something about their personality. Most gift--giving (and getting) shows nothing more than the spirit of love and friendship. But it is possible to form some connections between the kinds of things brought and the people who buy them. Here is a guide to who gives what and why. \n       The clothes you wear tell something about your personality. They tell the world not only how you want to be seen but how you see yourself as well. When someone gives you something to wear that agrees with your self-image, they're saying, \"I agree with you. I like you the way you are. \" Such a gift should be taken as a form of compliment . On the other hand, a gift of clothing that doesn't match your personality could be an insult to your character. \n       Making something by hand has become the exception in many countries today. If you receive a homemade gift, you're lucky. It may not be made perfectly, but it will show a certain quality of love. They've given time and emotion, two important characteristics of being creative.\n       A person who thinks of food when thinking of gifts is a good example of what human warmth means. Whether you give a box of chocolate, a bag of oranges, or a ball of cheese, all carry the same message of comfort and support.\n       People who give books as gifts either like reading or would like everyone to think they do. If you happen to receive a large heavy book, its giver may be much more interested in the way things appear than in the way they actually are. Of course, reading is a way of new things. Giving a book can be a way of sharing a feeling or newly learned meaning. The giver is probably trying to say to you what the book said to him.", "id": "high18815.txt"}