{"answers": ["B", "A", "D"], "options": [["When they are at home", "When it's to their advantage .", "When they would receive nothing", "When it comes to financial benefits."], ["There was no risk of getting caught lying if people were on the phone.", "The participant would receive nothing if he said the coin landed tails-up.", "The studies could help to correct the mistakes of the participants", "people would play fair and behave acceptably if invited to the laboratory."], ["On the phone", "On the street", "In their homes", "In those laboratory studies"]], "questions": ["When do people lie according to troditional economics?", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the research?", "Under what circumstance were the participants more dishonest?"], "article": "How can you tell if someone's lying? The answer is, they're probably not.\nTraditional economics says that people are rational beings who will lie if it's to their advantage. A recent university study has shown that, actually, we're pretty honest  --especially when we're  at home.\nResearchers in Germany  phoned  people at home and asked them to toss  a coin. There was a strong  financial  incentive  to fake the result: if the coin landed tails-up, the participants  would receive money or a gift ticket, while if the coin landed heads-up, they would get nothing. Because they were  on the phone, they knew there was no risk of getting caught if they lied.\nAnd yet people told the truth.Over hundreds of tosses, a coin will land tails-up roughly 50% of the time. In this study 0ver half the people asked (55.6%) said that the coin landed heads-up, which meant they would receive nothing.\nPrevious studies had found that people were more dishonest. In those laboratory studies, 75% of people reported a winning coin and claimed a reward. So the research team thinks it's being in our own homes which makes us play fair, although it's not yet clear why.\nIn fact both types of study show people are surprisingly reliable. Even in the laboratory, 25% of people  turned down a reward by telling the truth. The researchers say this is because honesty is highly  valued in human society.We care about our  reputation and our sense of ourselves as respectable people. So lying has a psychological  cost and it seems this cost is more important than the financialbenefits of lying  .", "id": "high18812.txt"}