{"answers": ["B", "D", "D", "C"], "options": [["where to travel alone", "how to make a safe and enjoyable trip", "what to read on travel", "how to meet new people when traveling"], ["build up her reputation", "show admiration for her.", "compare the experience", "make the tip convincing"], ["stay away from the crowds", "use a money belt rather than a bag", "wear the traditional dress", "find like-minded travelers for company"], ["Keeping the important documents well hidden.", "Looking at maps when she is in the street.", "Asking the way in a store or in a restaurant.", "Finding a place to stay and get her bearings before dark."]], "questions": ["The main purpose of the passage is to tell women  _  .", "Mara Rothman,s notes are mentioned in order to  _  .", "To avoid being damaged, a woman traveling alone should   _  .", "Which is the safest way for a woman when she gets lost along the way?"], "article": "Below are some tips for women traveling alone. \nExercise hotel safety\nThere are many ways you can make a solo stay at a hotel safer. At cheek-in, you might consider asking for a room near the elevator so you won't need to walk down long, potentially ill-lit hallways to reach your room. When filling out guest registration forms, consider using your first initial instead of your name, and skip the\" Mrs/Miss/Mr\" check box. Additionally, make sure the clerk writes down your room number instead of saying it out loud. This will prevent anyone nearby from knowing where to find you later.\nArrive during the day\nArrive in new cities during the day. Areas around bus and train stations can be scary and/ojr deserted, and small towns tend to shut down early. Veteran solo traveler Mara Rothman of San Francisco notes that plenty of beautiful towns can appear mysterious at night, and locals who are genuinely trying to help you can appear unnecessarily threatening. Arriving during the day means you'll be able to find a place to stay and get to know where you are before dark.\nKeep your documents safe \nIf you choose to wear a money belt, use it for storage and not as a purse. Constantly reaching under your shirt for money draws attention to it, and tends to defeat the purpose. Instead,keep your passport, extra stores of money, and other important documents well hidden, and use a bag or purse for carrying daily spending money.\nDress appropriately\nTo avoid attracting unwanted attention, dress as conservatively as the women you see around you. This doesn't necessarily mean wearing the traditional dress, as that can sometimes have the opposite result. A good rule of thumb is to dress modestly. Think knee-length or longer skirts. Bare arms, shoulders, and legs are considered risked in some countries, so do the research before you go and once you're there. Note which body parts the local women cover and do the same. \nKnow when to make friends \nTraveling alone doesn't always mean being alone. There are plenty of situations in which seeking out company can make for a safer and more enjoyable experience. Smaller hotels and hostels are great places to find like- minded travelers to explore new places with. In some countries, there are women-only sections in trains and women's waiting rooms at train stations. Sticking close to families on public transportation and in unfamiliar public markets and bazaars is another technique some women use.\nShow confidence to a great extent\nWhether you're on a street at home or 7 ,000 miles away, walking confidently and with direction is an effective technique for deterring unwanted attention, since appearing lost or confused can make you weak and easily damaged. If you are lost,walk into a shop or restaurant and ask for directions there. Try to avoid obviously looking at maps while you're in the street. Study your route before you go, or find one of those wallet-sized maps that you can carefully palm and refer to secretly. \nUse common sense\nUsing common sense is perhaps the single best tip for staying safe and having a good time while you,re traveling alone. This category includes the usual recommendations: don't walk around late at night , don't drink with strange men,don't ride in empty compartments on trains, don't compromise safety to save a few bucks on a hotel or transportation, and know how to use a pay phone.", "id": "high18829.txt"}