{"answers": ["C", "B", "D", "A"], "options": [["a 7. 0-magnitude strong earthquake hit Ya'an", "food supply to pandas is enough", "impact of Ya'an earthquake on China's pandas", "two baby pandas Chengshuang and Chengdui are in good condition"], ["All of the pandas here were out on the grounds.", "Some pandas are injured but no deaths are made.", "They've been badly frightened by the earthquake.", "The earthquake seems to have made no discernible negative impact on the pandas."], ["the pandas eat less food because of frightening", "the Panda Breeding Base was slightly hit by this earthquake", "the Panda Breeding Base received the food supply from foreign countries", "the Panda Breeding Base has stored away enough bamboo in advance"], ["Supportive.", "Disappointed.", "Indifferent.", "Objective."]], "questions": ["The passage mainly tells us that   .", "When the earthquake hit Ya'an, which of the following statements about the pandas is WRONG?", "During Ya'an earthquake, there is no need to worry about pandas' food because   .", "What's the author's attitude towards the reaction of Chengdu Panda Breeding Base?"], "article": "It's been seven days since a 7. 0-magnitude strong earthquake hit Ya'an, in Sichuan Province. How the earthquake has affected one of Sichuan Province's special residents--pandas. How are the animals coping? And do they have enough food to eat? \nThere are more than 80 pandas living here at the Chengdu Panda Breeding Base. 7 baby pandas have just left their mothers and have begun to learn how to fend for themselves. \nThe quake was felt strongly in Chengdu. Fortunately, all of the pandas here were out on the grounds when the earthquake hit, so they were very safe. Although no deaths or injuries have been reported among the Baoxing panda population so far, they've been badly frightened by the earthquake. Several days has passed and the earthquake seems to have made no discernible negative impact on the pandas. These two baby pandas Chengshuang and Chengdui are play fighting with each other and climbing trees. When they climbed too high, the breeders have to rescue them from the trees. \nThe visitors are amused by the scenes and think it's like a fantastic acrobatics show. \nThe quake zone is not only the home of these pandas, it's also the source of their food. Fortunately, enough bamboo has been stored away in five bamboo storehouses for the pandas, so there are no worries with regard to food supplies. \nWu Kongju, Breeder, Chengdu Panda Breeding Base, said, \"When the Wenchuan earthquake happened in 2008, we were unprepared and had a shortage of bamboo. But we've been able to handle this earthquake event more smoothly. There are no problems with the food supply. \"Apart from the pandas' favorite Baijia Bamboo, breeders also give them bamboo shoots, which are very rich in nutrients. \nWu Kongju said, \"Bamboo shoots contain more protein than ordinary bamboo, and they're also very succulent because they contain more water. \"", "id": "high18838.txt"}