{"answers": ["D", "A", "B", "D"], "options": [["develop a good humor", "become proud and confident", "make up some funny jokes", "get along well with each other"], ["teach them to laugh at the mistakes", "blame them seriously", "punish them at once", "tell them to do better in future"], ["having a party", "having some kinds of contests", "doing some housework", "reading joke books"], ["The More You laugh, the Better You'll Be", "Laughing Every Day Is Simple", "How to Laugh in Everyday Life", "Laughter Is Good for Your Family"]], "questions": ["If you often play and laugh with your children, you can  _   .", "We can infer that when your children make mistakes you should  _   .", "The author advises in Para.4 that people make their family members laugh by  _   .", "What can be the best title for the text?"], "article": "Children love to play and laugh throughout their days at school or at home. Finding the time to laugh with your children may be the best thing you can do for the relationship. Encourage your children to develop a good humor by laughing at the jokes they make up on the spot. This will help them grow confident and build their self-esteem. If you do not get the joke, you can ask why they think the joke is funny.\nHonest feedback will help your children develop funnier jokes. You can take them to your local library and have them pick up a few joke books. Then you can head back home or out to the park and read it together for a good laugh. You can take turns reading jokes to each other from the book or make up a few yourselves. But if they make a joke at the expense of another person, you may want to discuss the difference between making fun of yourself and making fun of others. In turn try not to make jokes at your children's expense, you need to set an example that they can follow.\nLearning to laugh at oneself is a great quality to attain. You can set an example by laughing at your own mistakes. This is a great way to help reduce your own stress as well as your children's. Laughing may make the situation seem lighter and easier to work through. By doing this your children will be better prepared to handle any difficulties.\nMost importantly laughing will bring you closer together as a family. You can have your family find different ways to laugh. You can play games. You can start a staring contest, arm wrestling contest, thumb wars contest and have a prize for the winners. You can all watch your best funny movies and act out the best parts together after enjoying them. You could hold a contest to see who can make the other members of the family laugh more by doing something funny. Kids will be able to enjoy the good time they had with their parents. The family that laughs together stays together!", "id": "high18834.txt"}