{"answers": ["B", "C", "A"], "options": [["by guiding her after class.", "by asking her to write in various ways.", "by helping her to see the world differently.", "by allowing her to pick up as many skills as possible."], ["He became a superb lecturer after graduation.", "He was inspired to do research in high school.", "He was encouraged to realize his full potential .", "He won prizes for his writings in English class."], ["The best students learn from the heart,not from the book.", "He who makes no mistakes makes nothing", "Don't put all your eggs in one basket.", "Take things as they come."]], "questions": ["How did the teacher encourage Katherine Applegate?", "What do we know about Arne Duncan?", "What does the passage mainly tell us?"], "article": "Most of us remember our teachers well. Three successful Americans talk about the teachers who encouraged them.\nKevin Henkes is an excellent author and illustrator whose books include Lilly's Purple Plastic Purse, The Year of Billy Miller, and Kitten's First Full Moon, which won the Caldecott medal. \"I grew up in the school days of silent hallways and desks in neat,evenrows. One day, our forth-grade teacher allowed the class to move the desks out of rows intogroups of four. It might seem like a small thing now, but it taught me that you could do things differently; you could think outside the box. That teacher helped me view my world differently. Good teachers can change lives.\"\nKatherine Applegate has won many awards for her books, including the Newbery Medal for The One and Only Ivan. She also created the Animorphs series with her husband, Michael Grant.\"My sixth-grade teacher in Michigan sensed that 1 wanted to write,so one day she sent me home to write about the word'blue'in as many ways as possible. Because of that,for the first time in my life, I thought of myself as someone with special skills as a writer, someone who was unique. My teacher's actions said'I see something special in you.'\"\nIn his role as U.S.Secretary of Education, Arne Duncan is in charge of the department that collects data and directs research on America's schools.\"My high school English teacher was amazing. She challenged us to express our ideas clearly in class and in our writing. There was no such thing as a bad question. She wanted to hear from us and encouraged us to speak up and express ourselves. She pulled things out of me that I didn't know I had inside. I think that is the genius of good teachers.\"", "id": "high18848.txt"}