{"answers": ["B", "A", "D"], "options": [["It offers a lower salary.", "Its cost of living is higher.", "It offers fewer English classes.", "You have to pay a lot of tax."], ["they all offer a good salary", "English teachers only work 20 hours a week", "teaching experience is not quite necessary", "they offer chances to meet with famous models"], ["To explain the benefits of teaching English abroad.", "To teach how to enjoy yourself when you teach English abroad.", "To compare the places where English teaching is popular.", "To recommend some places to those who want to teach English abroad."]], "questions": ["Why does saving money in Japan take more time?", "The common thing among the countries and areas mentioned is that    .", "What is the purpose of the passage?"], "article": "In Asia,there are many places for people to go to teach English. Most of the teachers are young and sociable,and there are a lot of parties there. Korea is usually the place most people go,because they have the most benefits and highest salaries by working only twenty hours a week. Japan is also a good choice,but only if you stay there for a long time will you save some money.\nChina is a new rising star and lots of people are going there. Like Japan,the pay is quite good,but the cost of living in China is much cheaper. You can save a sizable amount and complete all your loans back home. Besides,Chinese people are enterprising   and you can learn a lot from them. In China,Taiwan is a good place to go,especially for females who want to earn much,but there are not many adult classes offered.\nThe Middle East offers very high salaries and great packages for teachers,all of which is tax free. However,you must be a certified teacher and have a few years' experience if you want to teach there. Most of the people who tend to teach there are older and more conservative,so they don't expect a party scene.\nItaly and Spain are two beautiful countries where you can try your fortune. Fashion industry in Milan would love to hire wellknown Englishspeaking people to work with international models and designers. Tourism is another industry in these countries,where English knowledge is useful. Moreover,by teaching in Europe you have the ability to travel every weekend to a new country and visit a new culture besides a good salary. Europe has a lot to offer.\nTeaching English overseas is a really rewarding experience. It is a great way for people to see a new place,and these countries and places are a great place for you to go if you are interested.", "id": "high18850.txt"}