{"answers": ["A", "D", "C"], "options": [["Being tired with much housework.", "Lacking their own interests and hobbies.", "Looking after their children all the time.", "Spending little time enjoying themselves."], ["Mums want to do well in all parts of life", "Mums achieve a lot from being a housewife", "Mums are too tired to keep their own interests", "Mums are advised to care more for themselves"], ["mums shouldn't give up their careers", "mums should ask help from their husbands", "mums should balance different roles in their life", "mums should do less housework and have a better rest"]], "questions": ["Which of the following prevents mums from achieving their goals?", "According to Nick Booth, we learn that   _  .", "The purpose of the text is to tell us that   _  ."], "article": "The struggle to \"have it all\" leaves many mothers giving up their health and hobbies. But dads have more time to spare according to a research, with just 55 per cent saying they lose sleep and regular exercise compared with 71 percent of mums. Twice as many mothers as fathers complained that they did not spend enough time relaxing, with almost half of mums spending less than two hours a week with friends. And more than a third miss out on hobbies and interests because they are too busy.\nIn spite of changing roles in the family, women are still responsible for most of the child care. Nearly a third spend more than 10 hours a week caring for their children, compared with just one in ten fathers. More mums than dads also say housework and tiredness stop them achieving their goals.\nBut the research also shows mums gain a sense of achievement from finishing the housework, getting their children to school on time or sitting down to a family dinner. The research underlines the fact that women feel under pressure to succeed in all areas of their lives.\nAs Nick Booth, a marketing director put, \"They are pushing themselves too hard and are in danger of burning out. We'd encourage anyone to take time out for themselves. Having your own interests and hobbies and ensuring you get enough sleep is hugely important. Other parts of your life, including work and family life, improve as a result.\" \nThe Olympian  and mother Jo Pavey admitted balancing career, family and personal time can be a struggle. Jo, 41, became the oldest female gold medalist at the European Championship last year - but regards her children as her biggest achievement. The mum of two said,\"When I was younger,I'd have probably said it wasn't possible to have a sporting career and be mum. But actually it is all about striking a balance and looking after yourself.\"", "id": "high18869.txt"}