{"answers": ["D", "A", "A", "B"], "options": [["is clever than most people", "is a person with abundant knowledge", "has leg or arm disability", "has something wrong with his brain"], ["his less considering", "the author's intensive   care", "his living in a peaceful age", "the kindness and love of the people around him"], ["In most cases, we make life complicated.", "We can choose our life as we like.", "We should believe everyone around us.", "We should live simply and do things at will."], ["they live a happy life", "live simply, you may be happier", "with too many choices, we have difficulty in choosing the right one", "different people can have different choices"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, the author's first son   _  .", "According to the author, the son lives a happy life due to   _  .", "What can we learn from the passage?", "The author mainly wants to tell us   _   ."], "article": "My first born son is mentally handicapped, yet in so many ways he is far wiser than I am. He has an intuitive  knowledge of what is important in life. When we go out he looks people in the eyes, calls them by name, and shares his smile far more easily than I do. He goes through life with a soul full of love, joy and kindness that he gives to everyone he meets. He makes others feel better. He makes each day shine brighter. He makes this world more beautiful just by being in it. He may not understand everything in life, but he knows how to live happily and lovingly. He shows me everyday that life is simple. It is we who make it complicated.\nYou see, life is just the choices we make each day. We can choose to love or we can choose to be afraid. We can choose to help or we can choose to turn away. We can choose to forgive or we can choose to hate. We can choose to be kind or we can choose to be cruel. We can choose to trust or we can choose to be suspicious. We can choose to give or we can choose to take. We can choose to laugh or we can choose to cry. We can choose to smile or we can choose to stress. We can choose to shine our souls or we can choose to dwell in darkness.\nMy son knows these choices by heart and always makes the right ones. I hope to one day get there as well. Until then I will do my best to live simply, to be wise, and to choose well. Until then I will do my best to love family, myself, and others. May you do the same.", "id": "high18893.txt"}