{"answers": ["D", "B", "A", "A"], "options": [["By telling us the nature of life.", "By changing our way of thinking.", "By comparing their attitude to life with ours.", "By influencing our emotion."], ["other people's pity for them", "making other people unhappy", "building up a positive attitude", "other people's respect for them"], ["to communicate with negative people as little as possible", "to change negative people's attitude to life", "to show our dissatisfaction to negative people", "to make negative people feel ashamed of themselves"], ["Its effect can last.", "Its effect can be completely avoided.", "It hardly happens among family members.", "Its effect is smaller than the effect created by a positive person."]], "questions": ["How can negative people have effect on us?", "Some negative people base their happiness on   _  .", "According to the passage, to reduce negative people's influence on us, we are advised  _  .", "What can we learn about negativity?"], "article": "You wake up in the morning, the day is beautiful and the plans for the day are what you have been looking forward to for a long time. Then the telephone rings, you say hello, and the drama starts. The person on the other end has a depressing ( )tone in his voice as he starts to tell you how terrible his morning is and that there is nothing to look forward to. You are still in a wonderful mood? Impossible!\nCommunicating with negative ( ) people can wash your happiness. It may not change what you think, but communicating long enough with them will make you feel depressed for a moment or a long time.\nLife brings ups and downs, but some people are stuck in the wrong idea that life has no happiness to offer. They only feel glad when they make others feel bad. No wonder they can hardly win other's pity or respect.\nWhen you communicate with positive people, your spirits stay happy and therefore more positive things are attracted. When the dagger  of a negative person is put in you, you feel the heavy feeling that all in all, brings you down.\nSometimes we have no choice but to communicate with negative people. This could be a co-worker, or relative. In this case, say what needs to be said as little as possible. Sometimes it feels good to let out your anger back to negative person, but all this is to lower you to that same negative level and they won't feel ashamed of themselves about that.\nNegativity often affects happiness without even being realized. The negative words of another at the start of the day can cling to  you throughout the rest of your day, which makes you feel bad and steals your happiness. Life is too short to feel negative. Stay positive and avoid negativity as much as possible.", "id": "high189.txt"}