{"answers": ["D", "B"], "options": [["God wanted \"Good Friday\" and \"Easter\"mainly to be remembered by humans", "Jesus did something wrong by claiming himself the Son of God", "God wanted His Son Jesus to live with him in heaven", "God loved humans despite human's wrong--doing,so he asked his beloved Son to die in human's place"], ["a cross is a piece of jewelry or an image in a painting for Christians", "Christians like crosses because crosses always remind them of God's love and Jesus' death", "if Jesus hadn't returned to life, people would often wear crosses around their necks or hang them in their homes", "Christians call the day that Jesus died \"Good Friday\"mainly to reduce their pain for the loss of Jesus"]], "questions": ["In Christians'belief,for what reason did God want Jesus to die?", "It can be inferred from the passage that  _"], "article": "Maybe you have ever seen a cross. A cross can be a piece of jewelry or an image in a painting. But do you know the cross is a very popular symbol for Christmas?\nIt came from the story of Jesus' death on the cross two thousand years ago in Jerusalem. Jesus was Jewish,and at that time Jewish people were under Roman rule. Jesus was badly punished because he declared to be the Son of God and the King of Jews. Surely,the Son of God could have saved himself from the death!But the Bible says that Jesus had a reason to die that day. It was in God's purpose that it would happen.\nChristians call the day that Jesus died \"Good Friday\". At first,it is hard to understand how a terrible day could ever be called good. Well,the story does not end there. Jesus died and he was buried. But three days later,Jesus was alive,and the whole world was changed.\nToday,Christians everywhere remember this important time. They celebrate Easter. Easter is the day that Jesus rose from the dead. After his death on the cross,Jesus' body was placed in a tomb. On the third day from then,God raised him from the dead. Jesus stayed on earth physically for several weeks. Many people saw him. Easter is the happiest time of year for Christians because they believe that Jesus had victory over death and evil and that now he lives with God the Father in heaven. But before celebrating Easter, Good Friday should be remembered. Jesus died a horrible and painful death. He suffered, though he did nothing wrong. Christian believe that Jesus was God's substitute  for humans, because humans all do wrong. He died because of humans and he died for humans.\nChristians often wear crosses around their necks or hang them in their homes because they believe it is a very important sign. The cross helps them remember how much God loves them. It helps them remember how much his Son had to suffer. Seeing a cross always makes them think of Jesus' death, and what it means.", "id": "high18919.txt"}