{"answers": ["D", "C", "A", "B"], "options": [["help people get information easily and quickly", "support the development of mobile technologies", "make it easier for British scientists to communicate", "improve communication between scientists at CERN"], ["felt puzzled about it", "was uncertain about it", "had no confidence in it", "showed no interest in it"], ["doesn't give up easily when in trouble", "has worked at CERN for 25 years", "is a 55-year-old Swiss physicist", "knows little about the Internet"], ["The future of the web", "World Wide Web turns 25!", "Tips on improving your website", "Interview with Tim Berners-Lee"]], "questions": ["The World Wide Web was created to_.", "As for Berners-Lee's paper, his boss_.", "According to the text, Berners-Lee_.", "What would be the best title for the text?"], "article": "Not a day goes by when we don't use the World Wide Web. Today it has become almost as important to every family as food and water! This year, the World Wide Web has turned 25 years old. What many people don't know is that the web was at first created to improve communication between thousands of scientists in Switzerland.\nIn 1989, Tim Berners-Lee was a 34-year-old British physicist working as a software engineer at CERN, the European Organization for Nuclear Research in Switzerland. Since CERE was a huge organization with thousands of scientists, communication between them was becoming increasingly difficult.\nBerners-Lee wanted to develop a system to solve the problem. His paper suggested an information system, where a page on one computer could have a link to another page on another computer ( connected through the Internet) allowing scientists to read lots of information quickly. However, Berners-Lee's boss said that it sounded exciting but impossible.\nEven though there were many difficulties and few supporters, Berners-Lee went on to develop the World Wide Web. He came up with ideas such as Hyper-text Transfer Protocol to allow computers to talk to each other, Hyper-text Markup Language (HTML) to create the pages, a server to serve the pages, and a browser to see them.\nIn December 1990, the World Wide Web was demonstrated and in 1991, the WWW project was made public, so that other programmers could develop their own browsers. Berners-Lee believed that it could be used for more than scientific purposes. He wanted the Internet to be easy for anyone to use-a free open software. His wishes soon came true.\nAlthough the World Wide Web has today turned into a completely different thing from what it meant at first, it has become necessary and important to our lives, powering our mobile technologies and the way we get information.", "id": "high18911.txt"}