{"answers": ["C", "A", "C", "B"], "options": [["Three.", "Four.", "Five.", "Six."], ["more than two weeks", "less than two weeks", "only two weeks", "only one moment"], ["You can resign without hesitation if you don't like your job.", "You should ignore your boss when presenting your resignation.", "You'd better keep in touch with your coworkers after resignation.", "You must delete anything in the computer you once used when you resign."], ["To state impacts.", "To give suggestions.", "To offer warnings.", "To list explanations."]], "questions": ["How many ways of resigning are mentioned in the passage?", "You should notice the firm   _   in advance if you've worked there for six years.", "Which of the following is suggested in the passage?", "What's the purpose of this passage?"], "article": "Many people are already planning to look for a new position when the job market picks up, but the way you quit can have a long term impact on your career. How to resign on good terms:\nBe prepared.\nReview your employee handbook or employment contract before announcing your decision, so you know what company policy is regarding resignations, severance , the return of company property and pay for unused vacation time. If you have another job lined up, be sure to have your offer in writing before you resign.\nUse it or lose it.\nIf you haven't used vacation time and will lose it if you quit, you might want to use your time before leaving or link it to your resignation date. But if you don't want to burn any bridges, never announce your departure just after returning from vacation.\nMake an appointment.\nBe formal and make an appointment with your boss. Prepare what you want to say. Be direct and be transparent. After the discussion, put your resignation in a hardcopy letter that includes your last day and any transitional help you've offered. Keep a copy. Two weeks advance notice is still standard but experts recommend offering more time if you've worked at the company for more than five years. You also need to be prepared to leave right away -- some companies require it.\nScrub your digital footprint.\nClear your browser cache , remove passwords to websites you use from work, such as your personal email or online bank account and delete any personal files on your work computer that aren't relevant to work. Don't delete anything work-related if you're required to keep it.\nStay close.\nConsider joining an employee alumni association, which often serves as a networking group for former employees. It can be a good way to keep up with changes in the company and industry and find leads to new jobs down the road. Keep in touch with coworkers you worked closely with; they may end up in management roles.", "id": "high18916.txt"}