{"answers": ["A", "B", "A", "D"], "options": [["There is little involvement from teachers.", "Normal school courses are also available.", "The students meet every week to discuss their courses.", "It was designed to improve the students' interest in math."], ["teachers are really important for students.", "different learning styles should be encouraged.", "the project works like a conveyor belt of information.", "knowledge can be better conveyed in smaller classes"], ["Approving", "Cautious", "Doubtful", "Objective"], ["The benefits of interactive learning", "Individual differences in learning.", "A group of independent students.", "An unusual education program."]], "questions": ["What can we learn about the Independent Project?", "By saying \"Are too many students --- toward their education?\" the author seems to imply that   _  .", "What is the author's attitude towards the Independent Project?", "What is the passage mainly about ?"], "article": "The Independent Project at the Monument Mountain Regional High School in Great Barrington, Massachusetts, is attracting huge interest in the education field. The program is a new concept that has developed a wide variety of students' abilities and excited their interest in education and self-directed learning. They are a group of students that , instead of being educated through the normal school courses, have created their own subjects and project-based interactive learning.\nThe students are almost completely independent. They choose a goal that they want to accomplish and work on for the whole year. These goals have included some impressive attempts such as writing a novel, writing a play , learning the piano and more. Along with these larger attempts , the students meet every day to ask questions about other subjects like natural sciences , social sciences, etc. Although most of them say that they don't like math, they did eventually develop an interest in math through this independent learning technique.\nThe education program, which has attracted a huge variety of students, allows the students to learn and develop research skills and questioning techniques and allows them to truly be interested in the subjects they are diving into . They also teach each other what they have learned , which allows them to develop different way of presenting and gathering material that they have researched.\nI wish that I could have participated in such a project during my high school career, like writing a novel. I am currently studying English as well as education to pursue a teaching degree. I would love to adapt independent driven projects into a classroom in the future. \nThis project also raises some crucial questions. Do we need to rethink the structure of the education system itself? Are too many students being simply fed through a conveyor belt  that we  blindly see as working toward their education? I think that the education system needs some improvements , and different learning styles need to be addressed immediately.\nIndividual differences in learning are huge keys to the functioning of a classroom. This project takes the idea to a whole new level. This is an extremely important event in the development of the American education system and I think everyone needs to keep an eye out for more programs like this.", "id": "high18926.txt"}