{"answers": ["D", "A", "C", "B"], "options": [["he got on well with his classmates", "his teachers liked him very much", "he had many good friends", "he was never short of anything"], ["simple yet happy memories", "fights and arguments", "unrealistic yet exciting dreams", "tricks and jokes"], ["Silly and worrying.", "Troublesome and painful.", "Carefree and joyous.", "Surrealistic and joyous."], ["My Teachers", "My schooldays", "My Best friends", "My Childhood"]], "questions": ["The author never made any complaints because  _  .", "According to the passage, the author's schooldays were full of", "Which of the following words can describe the author's childhood?", "Which is the best title for this passage?"], "article": "In our schooldays, everyone has the memories they can cherish and treasure for their whole  life. Schooldays are the most joyful and fun filled with many mysteries to solve and many fights to resolve.\nIn my schooldays, I had many friends and some foes. We used to gossip, play and sometimes fight over silly things. I had two best friends. They were very' nice and loyal to me. Every teacher in my school liked us, although we weren't brilliant students. In fact we were average ones but still we respected our elders and loved our youngsters. Since my childhood, I've never been complaining to anyone about anything as I had everything I needed or wanted. I miss my schooldays since they are all about having fun and no competitions. The most exciting part is \"the exchange of lunch boxes\".  Usually my best friends and I liked each other's lunch and soon developed a habit of exchanging lunches. Apart from sharing lunches, we also used to share our silly secrets.\nWe used to play our self-created games and draw photos for fun. We also used to have bets and treats for rewards on childish things but we never played jokes on anyone. My childhood was indeed really amazing and simple. We found fun in small but beautiful things. It was surely surrealistic  but also exciting at times. In my schooldays, we sometimes played in the rains, made paper boats, ate ice-creams and enjoyed every drop of water and after getting all bathed up in water, we had hot chocolate drinks. \nThese were some of the memories of my schooldays in my childhood, which I still cherish today. I hope everyone's childhood days are just as carefree and joyous as mine.", "id": "high18959.txt"}