{"answers": ["D", "C", "D", "B"], "options": [["He found each Christmas was just the same as another.", "He felt Christmas was ruined by constantly having to rush around.", "He couldn't see the point in exchanging expensive gifts.", "He felt the Christmas spirit was lost in commercialized gift buying."], ["the author was proud of her son's win", "the match was unfair from the start", "with helmets, some of the other teams could have won", "the author felt ashamed of the gold uniforms and new shoes"], ["there was a big contrast in skills in the two teams", "defeat was always a hard lesson to take for kids", "dress and shoes could affect a sports players' confidence", "the defeat might cause the poor kids to lose faith in themselves"], ["Their united family spirit.", "The helpful spirit of their father.", "Their generosity to the poor.", "Their mother's love for their father."]], "questions": ["Why did Mike hate Christmas?", "From the description of the non-league match, we can learn that   _  .", "When Mike said those words after the match, he meant that   _  .", "What does the white envelope mean to the three kids?"], "article": "A small, white envelope has peeked   through the branches of our Christmas tree for the past 10 years. It has no name, no identification, no inscription  .\nMy husband Mike hated Christmas. He hated the overspending and the crazy running around at the last minute for the gifts given in desperation because you couldn't think of anything else.\nSo one year I searched for something special to give Mike. The inspiration came in an unusual way.\nOur son Kevin was 12 and was on the school wrestling team. Shortly before Christmas, there was a non-league match against a team of poor kids. They were dressed in ragged sneakers, and presented a sharp contrast   to our boys in their golden uniforms and sparkling   new wrestling shoes.\nAs the match began, I was alarmed to see that the other team was wrestling without helmets . Their team obviously could not afford them.\nWe beat them hands down  . Mike shook his head sadly. \"I wish just one of them could have won,\" he said. Mike loved kids and enjoyed coaching football and baseball. That's when the idea for his present came.\nThat afternoon, I went to a sports store and bought a load of wrestling headgear and shoes. I sent them anonymously   to the poor team. On Christmas Eve, I placed a small, white envelope on the tree, the note inside telling Mike what I had done and that this was his gift from me.\nMike's smile was the brightest thing about Christmas that year. In the years that followed, I sent a group of mentally handicapped   youngsters to a hockey game, and a check to a pair of elderly brothers whose home had burned to the ground the week before Christmas. The white envelope became the highlight   of Christmas.\nMike died last year, but on Christmas Eve I still placed an envelope on the tree. The next morning it was joined by three more. Each of our three children had placed a white envelope on the tree for their dad. Mike's spirit, like the Christmas spirit, will always be with us.\n \nBy Nancy W. Gavin", "id": "high18954.txt"}