{"answers": ["D", "B", "B", "B"], "options": [["researchers should pay less attention to maltreatment", "more bullied kids have mental problems in the USA", "a similar number of children are maltrcated in America and Britain", "either bullying or maltreatment has negative effects on chilciren's health"], ["advertise", "inform", "Compare", "Entertain"], ["a news section", "a science section", "a culture section", "an entertainment section"], ["disappointing", "Improvable", "satisfactory", "nonsense"]], "questions": ["It can be inferred from the passage that_.", "The purpose ofthe author's writing this passage is to_.", "The passage is most probably taken from_.", "In Tucker's opinion, Wolke's study is_."], "article": "Bullied  kids face a high risk of mental health problems as teens and as young adults. Indeed, kids troubled by bullying may be worse off than those who had suffered physical abuse  or neglect, as the study found.\nUntil recently, most studies of child victims focused not on bullying but on maltreatment , Dieter Wolke says. Maltreatment includes physical or emotional abuse, neglect or other behaviors that can harm a child.\nWolke's team wanted to better understand bullying's long-term effects compared to those due to maltreatment. They focused on 4,026 children in the United Kingdom and 1,420 more in the United States. Information about bullying and maltreatment was collected for American children to age 13. They collected the same information for British youth up to age 16. The researchers also gathered data on each individiial's mental health as a young adult.\nAmong the Americans, 36 percent of bullied kids had mental problems later. Those problems included anxiety, which is a state of excessive worry. They also included depression. That is a feeling of hopelessness that can last a long time. Among kids who had been maltreated by adults, 17 percent later suffered mental health problems. That was less than half the rate seen in people who had been bullied as school kids.\nIn the U.K. group, the difference was less dramatic. Roughly 25 percent of the bullied kids reported mental health problems later, compared with about 17 percent who had been maltreated. But however you look at it, the findings are disturbing. And that's why Wolke says schools,health services and other agencies must work together to end bullying.\nStudies like this are important, says C.orinna Jenkins Tucker. They bring attention to the lasting impacts of bullying. Tucker does, however, question the value of comparing bullying to other types of abuse. Such an approach can make it seem like one type of bad experience is worse than the other, she says. In fact, both types have short-term and long-term effects on health. She'd like to see researchers study the big picture. They should try to understand how all ofthese negative experiences together shape children--and sometimes harm them.", "id": "high18955.txt"}