{"answers": ["D", "B"], "options": [["she donated a large sum of money", "she established Threads for Teens", "she has made to society more harmonious", "she has helped lots of girls with her non-profit organization"], ["Intelligent, generous and serious.", "Inspiring, considerate and kind-hearted.", "Loving, friendly and fashionable.", "Modest, rich and strict."]], "questions": ["Allyson Ahlstrom was honored as one of the 10 top teen volunteers in America because   _  .", "Which of the following can best describe Allyson?"], "article": "Allyson Ahlstrom, 19, of Santa Rosa, California hits Las Vegas, Nevada with her mobile boutique  and non-profit organization, Threads for Teens. Allyson is on a summer tour of 14 cities across the United States. Threads for Teens on Tour will outfit  some 1000 girls in need, each in a brand-new outfit.\nAt each stop deserving girls will receive brand-new clothing. In addition to serving girls, the Threads for Teens mobile boutique invites community members to come along and learn more about the organization. \nIn 2010, at the age of 14, Allyson decided that she would try to make a difference by making new, fashionable clothing available to poor girls. Her project has earned more than $100,000 in monetary contributions and over $150,000 in clothing donations. In addition, through a partnership with The Hunt (thehunt.com) anyone can help to raise up to $15,000 for Threads for Teens by solving hunts on their websites, for free!\nAllyson has just completed her freshman year at the University of Pennsylvania. Her full-service clothing boutique in Santa Rosa has allowed over 600 girls in need to each pick out two brand-new outfits for free over the past four years and Threads for Teens on Tour 2013 gave clothing to 1,000 additional girls. Her Threads for Teens non-profit has also provided 130 girls with backpack filled with school supplies, and has given out over 100 party dresses. \nIn May 2013 at a ceremony in Washington, D. C., actor Kevin Spacey and Olympic gold medalist Allyson Felix praised Allyson Ahlstrom as one of the 10 top teen volunteers in America. \"I want to make Threads for Teens available to as many girls as possible. That's one of the reasons for the road trip,\" says Allyson. \"More than that, I'm hoping to inspire others to volunteer and contribute in their own way. Anyone can make a difference!\"", "id": "high18956.txt"}