{"answers": ["A", "B"], "options": [["The skills needed to be a good talker.", "What to do when making friends.", "How to be a good listener.", "How to start a conversation with a stranger."], ["ask many common questions", "change the subject frequently", "listen to the answers carefully", "ask any personal questions"]], "questions": ["What is the article mainly about?", "To be a good talker, you are advised NOT to   _  ."], "article": "Some people make you feel comfortable. You can easily spend an hour with them and feel as if you have known them your whole life. These people, who can make others feel relaxed, have great people skills and if we observe them we can learn a lot.\nHow do they do it? Here are several ways to put others at ease so you can make friends quickly.\nFirst of all, good talkers ask lots of questions. Almost anyone, no matter how shy he or she is, will answer a question put to him or her. One well-known businesswoman says: \"At business lunches, I always ask people what they did that morning. It's a common question, but it will get things going.\" From there you can move on to other matters - sometimes even to really personal questions. How he or she answers will let you know how far you can go.\nSecond, once good talkers have asked questions, they listen to the answers. This point seems obvious, but it is important to remember that your questions should have a point and help you understand what sort of person you are talking to. In order to find this out, you really have to listen carefully.\nReal listening means not changing the subject of conversation. If someone sticks to one topic, you can take it as a fact that he or she is really interested in it. Real listening also means not just listening to the words, but also to how the person is speaking. What is their tone of voice? If they sound bored then it might be time for you to change the subject.\nFinally, good talkers know how to end a conversation. If you're saying goodbye to someone, shake his or her hand and say: \"I've really enjoyed meeting you.\" And if you want to see that person again, don't keep it a secret. Let them know, and they will walk away feeling as if they've known you their whole life.", "id": "high18952.txt"}