{"answers": ["D", "C", "A"], "options": [["Less than 10 issues.", "Less than 11 issues.", "Less than 12 issues.", "About 12 issues."], ["John Q. Griffin.", "Adamson.", "Nelson Mandela.", "Chris Johns."], ["Over fifty million people read National Geographic Magazine every month.", "The National Geographic Magazine was later shortened to National Magazine.", "The National Geographic Magazine published its first issue in 1889.", "The National Geographic Magazine is identifiable by the orange border running around the edge of its cover."]], "questions": ["How many issues dose the National Geographic Magazine have per year?", "Who wrote the introduction to Johns' own illustrated book on Africa?", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?"], "article": "The National Geographic Magazine, later shortened to National Geographic, is the official journal of the National Geographic Society. It published its first issue in 1888, just nine months after the Society itself was founded. It has become one of the world's best-known magazines and is immediately identifiable by the characteristic yellow border running around the edge of its cover.\nThere are 12 monthly issues of National Geographic per year, plus additional map supplements. On rare occasions, special editions are also issued. It contains articles about geography, popular science, history, culture, current events, and photography. The current Editor-in-Chief of National Geographic Magazine is the well-known photographer, Chris Johns, who has photographed extensively in Africa. The foreword to Johns' own illustrated book on Africa was written by Nelson Mandela.\nSociety Executive Vice President John Q. Griffin, and President of the Magazine Group, has overall responsibility for the English language magazines at National Geographic. Terry B. Adamson, Society Executive Vice President who also is the Society's chief legal officer and heads governmental relations, has overall responsibility for the Society's international publications.\nWith a worldwide circulation in all languages of nearly nine million, more than fifty million people read the magazine every month. In May, 2007, National Geographic magazine won the American Society of Magazine Editors' prestigious General Excellence Award in the over two million circulation category and the best photography award for three issues of the magazine in 2006.", "id": "high18969.txt"}