{"answers": ["D", "C", "C", "A"], "options": [["because usually the Nobels award work done in the previous year.", "just because they envy those who have won the Nobles.", "because different people often come up with similar ideas at similar times.", "because the Nobles are quite possibly slow to recognize achievement"], ["Carl Hageh and Tom Kibble", "Gerald Guralnik, Carl Hageh", "Peter Higgs and Francois Englert", "Rober Brout and Francois Englert"], ["surrendered", "suggested", "presented", "provided"], ["a magazine", "a book review", "a literature work", "a science fiction"]], "questions": ["According to the passage why some of the scientists are unhappy with the Nobels?", "Who was it that received the Nobel Prize for physics this year?", "Which of the following words has the closest meaning to \"submitted\"?", "The passage is most probably coming from_?"], "article": "The Nobel Prizes in physiology or medicine, physics and chemistry are the most respected prizes in science. But talk to scientists in private, and many will complain why (besides jealousy, perhaps) are some scientists unhappy with the Nobels?\nOne reason is that the committees can often be slow to recognize achievement. Alfred Nobel specified in his will that the prizes should reward work done in the previous year. But experience soon showed that this was risky, as medals were given out for discoveries that later proved questionable. So a degree of caution is probably advisable. Sometimes, though, it can lead to strange results. Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar, for instance, had to wait until 1983 to win a prize for work he had done in the 1930s on the structure of stars. However, Albert Einstein never won a prize for his theory of relativity. Even though some pretty suggestive evidence had been produced by Arthur Eddington in 1919, relativity, which has later passed every experimental test ever thrown at it, was still considered somewhat risky and obscure.\nAnother criticism concerns the tradition that no more than three people can share a prize. Science is rarely this clear-cut. Take this year's physics prize, which recognised Peter Higgs for predicting the existence of the mass-bestowing particle that now bears his name. Dr Higgs was only one of several people with a claim. Two other teams---- Rober Brout and Francois Englert, as well as Gerald Guralnik, Carl Hageh and Tom Kibble----- submitted papers on the same idea to the same journal that published Dr Higgs's work, all within a few months of each other. Science often works like this, with different people coming up with similar ideas at similar times. In the event, the committee decided to honour Dr Engler (Brout is dead, therefore unqualified), whose paper was earlier than Dr Higgs's but did not explicitly predict a particle, over Dr Guralnik and his collaborators, who were more comprehensive but published a few weeks later.", "id": "high18978.txt"}