{"answers": ["A", "B"], "options": [["They seldom spent free time together.", "They had only met for two weeks.", "Their wives didn't know each other.", "They had many disagreements on work."], ["To express his dissatisfaction with John.", "To stress the importance of communication between colleagues.", "To remind us what problems can occur at work.", "To describe how to become qualified for a job."]], "questions": ["Why didn't the author refer to John as a friend at first?", "What's the author's purpose of sharing his story?"], "article": "The story I would like to tell happened about a year ago. I accepted a position in a company. John, an acquaintance of mine, told me much about the job and took my curriculum vitae   to his supervisor. I did not refer to him as a friend because at the time we did not take part in activities together outside of work, nor did our wives.\nThe first week was fine. Nothing was obviously strange with John at first until the second   week, when our communication began to get a little strange. John began making comments like \"you would have had to pay an employment agency several hundred dollars for a job like this\". I soon forgot his words till the next day when he made another similar comment. Right then I started to really pay attention to what he meant. He acted as if I owed him money for helping me to get the job.\nHe began to get short with me and I had only been there for two weeks. He was supposed to train me in building our e-mail servers and setting up the entire standard monitor software. Instead, he went through the process so fast that even an experienced worker could hardly keep up. He would not slow down or check whether I was with him or not. If there was something wrong with a server, he would just buzz through the solution and not stop to say anything like \"you might want to remember this.\" I began to get very frustrated.\nBy the third week I began to get tired of his condescension  . So I began to challenge him in a way that was only one to one. He would respond to a question of mine with a question or just make me repeat it, and then interrupt me. I began to hate him. Later I tried to avoid him as much as I could, so I wouldn't run into him.\nHe stopped me one day and asked me what had happened. I told him he was very condescending in his tone and manner. He asked me, \"What can I do so that you will not feel like this way in the future?\" I simply asked him to treat me with the same respect he would like to be treated with. He did it and we got along better gradually. I believed there was hope and eventually we would become friends and now we are.", "id": "high18974.txt"}