{"answers": ["B", "C", "A", "B"], "options": [["George felt more lonely because the other boys wanted to test him.", "George felt as lonely as before when the other boys tried to find out what kind of a boy he was.", "George did not want himself to be less lonely.", "The other boys did not want to make George feel less lonely."], ["Because he was not sure if he was really strong", "Because he was weak and was not wanted in the street", "Because he must choose the best one among different ways", "Because the other boys had found out what kind of a boy he was"], ["After he had thought about the two wrong ways.", "Long before he moved into the street.", "When the other boys came down to the playground.", "As soon as he showed what he was made of in front of the other boys."], ["Three Ways to Prove Oneself", "Just One of the Boys", "George Is Lonely", "A Saturday Basketball Game"]], "questions": ["What does \"This did not help to make him less lonely\" mean?", "Why would it not be easy for George to prove himself?", "When did George decide to prove himself by playing basketball?", "The name of the story should be   _  ."], "article": "George had just moved into the street and he felt strange that he was not wanted. He knew that perhaps the other boys were trying to get an idea of what kind of a boy he was. This did not help to make him less lonely. He was new and he had to be tested. Still, proving himself would not be all that easy. He did not want to run with bad boys or get into something against the law to prove that he was strong . No!He must show what he was made of in a more helpful way. That was when he got the idea.\nThe next day was Saturday. He knew that most of the boys would be down on the playground and choose up sides for the Saturday game. George knew he could play well and just might be enough to prove he was strong and to make friends with them. He arrived early and did his step exercises. He shot the ball several times and did some other exercises--the most difficult and most wonderful in basketball. Then the boys came. George went through what he had done before the game and showed what he could do.\nNo one said a word. The boys just looked at each other and thought about it. In the end, when it was all over, the biggest of the group just smiled and nodded his head. George knew he had made it.", "id": "high18979.txt"}