{"answers": ["B", "A", "D"], "options": [["Places for Disposing Waste", "Waste Disposal Problem", "Ways of Getting Rid of Waste", "Waste Pollution Dangers"], ["recycling it", "burying it", "burning it", "throwing it into rivers"], ["tell people a better way to get rid of the waste.", "warn people of the pollution dangers we are facing.", "call on people to take part in recycling programs.", "draw people's attention to waste management."]], "questions": ["The most suitable title for this passage would be_.", "During the 18th century, people disposed their waste in many ways EXCEPT for     _   .", "The main purpose of writing this article is to_."], "article": "How to deal with waste has been a problem since humans started producing it. As more and more people choose to live close together in cities, the waste-disposal problem becomes increasingly difficult.\nDuring the eighteenth century, it was usual for several neighboring towns to get together to select a faraway spot as a dump site. Residents or trash haulers would transport household rubbish, rotted wood, and old possessions to the site. Periodically some of the trash was burned and the rest was buried. The unpleasant sights and smells caused no problem because nobody lived close by.\nFactories, mills, and other industrial sites also had waste to be disposed of. Those located on rivers often just dumped the unwanted remains into the water. Others built huge burners with chimneys to deal with the problem.\nSeveral facts make these choices unacceptable to modern society. The first problem is space. Dumps, which are now called landfills, are most needed in heavily populated areas. Such areas rarely have empty land suitable for this purpose. Property is either too expensive or too close to residential neighborhoods. Long-distance trash hauling has been a common practice, but once farm areas are refusing to accept rubbish from elsewhere, cheap land within trucking distance of major city areas is almost nonexistent.\nAwareness of pollution dangers has led to more strict rules of waste disposal. Pollution of rivers, ground water, land and air is a price people can no longer pay to get rid of waste. The amount of waste, however, continues to grow.\nRecycling efforts have become commonplace, and many towns require their people to take part. Even the most efficient recycling programs, however, can hope to deal with only about 50 per cent of a city's reusable waste.", "id": "high18981.txt"}