{"answers": ["B", "C", "D"], "options": [["Canada Decides to Quit the Kyoto Protocol", "Canada and the US Refuse to Cut Emissions", "Developed Countries Hesitating to Cut Emissions", "Developing Countries Supporting the Kyoto Protocol"], ["Canada and Australia", "Japan and Canada", "the US and Canada", "China and India"], ["whether the US and Canada will return to the negotiation table", "whether developing countries will refuse to cut emissions", "whether China and India will carry the same duty as Canada", "whether more developed countries will do the same as Canada"]], "questions": ["Which of the following serves as the best title of the passage?", "According to the passage,   _   have refused to follow the Kyoto Protocol.", "People now are most worried   _  ."], "article": "Durban -- Canada Monday became the first country to pull out of the historic Kyoto Protocol  , inescapably scarring the global anticlimate change efforts. \nThe Kyoto Protocol, which set different duties for all countries to cut emissions  , states that different countries should reduce their collective greenhouse emissions accordingly.  However, the United States refused to sign the protocol in 2001, and is the only developed country that has not agreed to sign it. The move has cast a shadow over the global community, and has made some other developed nations hesitate to cut their emissions. To add fuel to the fire, Canada, became the first to call it quits, with the deadline of the first commitment period (20082012) approaching. \nThe biggest concern at this moment is whether other developed countries would follow suit. \nOver the past four years, a drama has unfolded among developed countries over the emissions cuts and offering support to their developing partners. \nThe Umbrella Group, consisting of Japan, Canada, Australia, the United States and other developed countries, hesitated and even backed away from their positions under certain excuses. The first one quoted by Canadian Environment Minister Peter Kent is that emission cuts damage the economy. Still another is requiring China and India to have the same duty of cutting emissions as developed countries. \nActually, if emissions in developed countries could fall to the levels in developing countries, it would greatly help the fight against global climate change. \nIn sum, any irresponsible action, in the anticlimate change campaign should be a cause for blame. It is widely hoped that the United States and Canada will see reason and join the rest of the world community in supporting the Kyoto Protocol.", "id": "high18988.txt"}