{"answers": ["B", "B", "D"], "options": [["a travel guide", "a web page", "a science magazine", "a collection of stories"], ["kids can only play food games", "kids are not charged for the games", "the games are designed for both kids and adults", "the games are related to traditional food in different areas"], ["present some new products", "teach some cooking lessons", "invite readers to taste some dishes", "introduce some interesting games"]], "questions": ["The passage is likely to appear in_.", "We can learn from the passage that_.", "The purpose of this passage is to_."], "article": "E-Cooking Games\n  Thanks for visiting E-Cooking Games!We offer many different types of free online food games for kids. You can find games where you can bake your own cakes, make your own hot dogs, pies and a lot more .You will also find more than just food games. You will find games where you can play makeup games, car games, adventure games and more.\n   All of the games on our website can be played for free. We are constantly adding new games, so you should keep checking back daily. We take pride in all of the cooking games and other food games we add to our website and make sure that we have games that will interest everyone, either boys or girls who enjoy baking up delicious treats.\n   Here on our site, we have great online games with many different recipes  that any little baker will love. These games will keep you playing for hours at a time. You can click each game to get a brief description. You can also sort the games by using the menu on the left side of the page. The menu has the games sorted by categories  and from there you can choose the free cooking game you want to play, or if you don't want to play a cooking game, you can choose another type of game.\n   If you are looking for games that will let you decorate your own cakes, we have those for you. If you are feeling a bit competitive and want to race, we can help you with that also. Do you want to cook sushi? Well, let us get you started with that. We have many free cooking games you can play. Get something to drink, kick back and get in that kitchen and cook some food!", "id": "high18994.txt"}