{"answers": ["B", "A"], "options": [["tell the man next to her to shut up", "stop the car and ask people for help", "take the wrong turns at a high speed", "drive aimlessly for hours without stopping"], ["Not paying full attention.", "Making jokes about women.", "Not stopping for directions.", "Getting more speeding tickets."]], "questions": ["If a woman driver feels lost, she will   _  .", "Which of the following about men drivers worries the writer most?"], "article": "Women make better drivers than men for many reasons. Why is that, do you suppose? Wouldn't you think that competing at who has better driving abilities is pointless? If you ask me, I'd like to say, men know that women are better drivers but do not have the courage to admit the truth -- women are queens of the road.\nUnlike men, women stop for directions when they have no idea as to where they are going. We don't drive around for hours pointlessly wasting a tank of gas only to find ourselves heading in the wrong direction. Have you ever in a car with a man who is lost? He tells you to shut up when you begin to open your mouth. And every five minutes or so he takes a turn going forty-five miles per hour only to find out he's made another wrong turn. \nSpeeding is what men do best on the road. Traffic is not a race. There is a reason why men get more speeding tickets than women. Not because we trick to get out of tickets but only because we don't get pulled over as frequently. We don't speed. We have more intelligence than senselessly to put our own lives as well as the lives of others in danger.\nMy largest issue with male drivers is how a majority of them drive with one hand on the wheel and the other hand doing only God knows what. The seat is backed as far as possible, and they're totally lost into loud music beyond a necessary level. You don't ever see women driving like that.\nI feel that the above evidence more than proves my points that women are not only better drivers but also safer drivers than men. We women rule the road. Oh, and men, if you want to continue criticizing women for being bad drivers, bring it on. We know you lack confidence, or else you wouldn't be wasting your valuable time making jokes about the ones you may choose to spend the rest of your days with.", "id": "high19019.txt"}