{"answers": ["D", "D", "A"], "options": [["Both are to solve the problem of male hair loss.", "Tricomin System is effective in speeding the growth of the new hair.", "Shen Min is an updated way of treating hair loss.", "The former is nutrition-based, while the latter is medicine-based."], ["The biological structure and composition of the hair", "The wants and needs", "The reactions and responses to the outside changes", "The approach to taking exercise"], ["include vitamin and mineral supplements.", "are applied to keep the hair healthy.", "have been proved useful.", "are the most commonly-used ways."]], "questions": ["Which of the following statements matches the text about the two treatments?", "The reasons for the differences between the female and male hair loss problems do not include_.", "The natural treatments   _  ."], "article": "There are several reasons for hair loss in women. However, in most cases, treatment is quite effective. Female hair loss patterns in women are not as easily recognizable as they are in men. A woman may experience it temporarily due to pregnancy or illness, although they may experience it for other reasons.\nHair loss can be due to a variety of factors, including a genetic tendency (which is not genetically linked to just one parent--both parents contribute to the tendency to lose hair).\nWomen who are experiencing hair problems seem to have more limited choices than men. There are some female hair loss treatments that are available such as the Tricomin System which is a topical treatment that is nutrition based. Shen Min for Women is another natural treatment that contains herbs   that are said to stimulate  hair growth and even restore hair that is graying to its natural color1.\nThe majority of the popular, prove hair loss treatments are only intended for men and are not suitable for women. True, a woman's hair issue is different from a man's. The biological makeup is different and the needs are different. Women have different needs and their bodies react in different ways to environmental changes, physical illness and even the treatments that are available. There are many natural treatments such as vitamin and mineral supplements that are said to stimulate hair growth, but, for the most part, these claims are currently unproven.\nOne of the first and most important factors to effectively treating is to get a diagnosis from a doctor. Talk to your doctor about any symptoms  that you may be experiencing in addition to the thinning hair. Stress, weight loss or gain, illness and depression, all of these can be contributing factors.", "id": "high19020.txt"}