{"answers": ["C", "C", "D", "C"], "options": [["they were short of food", "they could sell the grain for money", "they wanted to produce beer with the grain", "they wanted to trade the grain for beer"], ["they mainly used the irrigation water from the Nile River to water the crops", "they liked putting models of beer jars into the graves of their dead  s", "they had to go inside the butcher shops to buy meat as people do today", "they believed there was a new life in another world after their death"], ["bread", "watermelon", "mutton", "pork"], ["Newspaper.", "History book.", "Website.", "Travel guide."]], "questions": ["In some people's opinions, the ancient Egyptians started to grow grain because   _  .", "Concerning the ancient Egyptians, all of the following are true EXCEPT that   _  .", "In ancient Egypt, we would NOT find   _   on the dinner table.", "Where is this passage most probably taken from?"], "article": "With little rain, ancient Egyptians relied mostly on the Nile River to water their crops, so they could only grow certain kinds of food. They mainly grew wheat and barley  .\nThe Egyptians made the wheat into bread, soup and porridge, and they also added hops   to make the barley into beer. In fact, some people think that the Egyptians would not have begun growing grain if they hadn't liked beer so much. Many Egyptian models of beer jars have been found, which the Egyptians put into graves of dead people so that they would have beer in the next world.\nThe Egyptians also ate meat. They went to a butcher shop and bought meat there, just as people do today. But because it rarely rains in Egypt, they could have the meat outside in the yard of the store instead of inside. Click on the left and you will see a model of a butcher shop, which was also found in somebody's grave. Can you see the different cuts of meat all laid out? There is a whole leg of mutton at the very bottom. However, Egyptians thought pigs carried infectious disease. They ate beef, mutton, duck and goose. \nFor dessert, the Egyptians had a great interest in dates. Here is a picture of some real Egyptian dates which were put into people's graves for them to eat in the next world, and which were kept in the dry climate for three thousand years until archaeologists dug them up.\nArchaeologists have also found seeds which show that the Egyptians grew watermelon and other kinds of melon.", "id": "high19035.txt"}