{"answers": ["D", "A", "B"], "options": [["Terracotta Warriors", "the Forbidden City", "the Great Wall", "the Summer Palace"], ["education", "understanding", "Sino-US relationship", "exchange students"], ["China's First Lady Welcome U.S First Lady", "U.S First Lady Michal Obama visit China", "The Two First Ladies Pay Attention to Education", "Two First Ladies Meet Happily in Beijing"]], "questions": ["Mrs. Obama has visited the following places except  _  .", "The theme of Mrs. Obama's speech at Peking University is  _  .", "What might be the best title of this passage?"], "article": "U.S. first lady Michelle Obama and her family have just ended their one-week trip in China. The whole world has paid attention to the two elegant and beautiful first ladies who have made a difference in the relationship between China and the U.S.A.\nMrs. Obama has visited the Forbidden City, the Great Wall, the Terracotta Warriors, and the pandas. She has tasted Peking Duck and experienced some other Chinese traditional culture. It is hoped that this trip to China can bring a real understanding of our eastern world to the first family of the United States.\nToday, the number of exchange students between China and the U.S. has reached more than 4 million every year. There are more than 11,000 people traveling to and from each side of the Pacific. If the two countries can increase the exchange in travel, language, cuisine, and cultural understanding, this will help a lot in improving the understanding between the two countries. \nEducation was an important theme of Mrs. Obama's visit, and it is crucial to the development of Sino-US relationship. China has an ancient tradition of placing a high value on education, and the first lady herself is an outstanding example of a person who changed her own destiny through education. She took education as the key theme of her speech at Peking University, encouraging students from the two countries to learn more about and get wider experience of each other.", "id": "high19057.txt"}