{"answers": ["D", "C"], "options": [["Give your fortune to your coming generations", "Treat your fortune as very valuable things", "Pass your joy on to your coming generations", "Have joy and spread joy to people around you"], ["Business.", "Culture.", "Life.", "Entertainment."]], "questions": ["By saying \"Make that your legacy\", the author means \"  _  \".", "Which section of a newspaper is this passage most probably taken from?"], "article": "I was driving down the road the other day, listening to sweet music coming out of my car radio. My heart felt peaceful, my mind was clear, and my soul was full of love. Even with all its problem: life seemed good. Then the music stopped and the news came on. There was talk of another famous millionaire in drug rehab   after an incident with the police. There was news on the murder of a poor man whose life was supposed to be changed after winning the lottery. There was even a discussion on how much greed and excess   had damaged our world.\nEvery story seemed to point once again to the old saying that money can't buy happiness. Hearing them made me think of a movie I saw many years ago on Mother Teresa's home for the dying in India. What struck me most when I watched it wasn't the unbearable poverty there. It wasn't the sickness and suffering that the people there were going through. It was rather the peaceful smiles of love, kindness, and happiness that they shared with the Sisters and with each other.. These people had nothing. Many were struggling at the end of death. Yet, they knew the simple truth that so many of us here are still learning: Joy is Free.\nWe can have joy and spread joy everyday of our life here. Don't love or admire dollar signs and think that money will bring you happiness then. Joy can't be purchased. It can't be owned. It can only be chosen and then given freely to others. In the eyes of eternity   money is only worthless paper. The only thing that matters is the love within you and the love that you give to the world. Make that your legacy   and your life will forever be rich in joy.", "id": "high19069.txt"}