{"answers": ["C", "C", "D"], "options": [["nerve-racking", "injured", "pleased", "worried"], ["is crowded with visitors every day", "is the only great National Park", "is worth travelling to", "is nothing but a common destination"], ["keeping a good bond with other people", "visiting Yosemite now and then", "trying to protect the environment", "going out to enjoy the beauty of nature"]], "questions": ["While climbing up rocks, the author was   _  .", "According to the passage, Yosemite   _  .", "The author suggests us   _  ."], "article": "Driving on up to Yosemite with my family was exciting but nerve-racking  . I had never been to such an amazing national park before, yet I wasn't the most athletic person so I knew that I couldn't stick through all the hiking up and down. It actually ended up being a fun and adventurous experience.\nThe ride there was definitely long but worth it. As I woke up from my nap, I saw the beautiful scenery of the tall mountains and beautiful streams. The trails were made nicely for visitors. The waterfalls were breathtaking. Climbing up rocks was one of my favorite parts. Even though I fell a couple of times, I still have a lot of fun. The fact that my family and I spent so much time together all trying to find out which route to take and what views to watch really brought us closer together.\nThe great thing about nature is that, it's just you, the views, and the people around you. There's nothing there to bother you and it's the best way to relax and enjoy yourself. Yosemite has 5 of the world's highest waterfalls, and about 300 lakes. The structure of each mountain is incredible; it's formed in ways that almost take your breath away. Some of them are of a deep dark color1 with waterfalls forming; some are formed with spots of green peeking   out. It's definitely something you wouldn't want to miss. \nYosemite isn't the only great National Park but based on my experience I highly recommend going out and enjoying nature with family and friends. It's a great time to bond, laugh, and take in what Mother Nature offers.", "id": "high19064.txt"}