{"answers": ["C", "B", "D"], "options": [["An experienced climber.", "A strong-minded woman.", "A woman in good figure.", "An enthusiastic woman."], ["organizing balls", "organizing sports meetings", "organizing birthday parties", "selling expedition T-shirts"], ["California.", "America.", "San Francisco.", "Nepal."]], "questions": ["Which of the following is not a must for the interviewees?", "The ways they made the necessary 80,000 dollars are mentioned EXCEPT   _   .", "Kathmandu is located in   _   ."], "article": "Would you like to join an all-women' s expedition to Annapurna? You must be an experienced high altitude climber, strong, enthusiastic and a hard worker! If you think this is for YOU, please contact: Arlene Blum, Berkeley, California, USA.\nMany women wrote to them from all over the world, but they could only choose ten. When the final team was chosen, the youngest was twenty years old, the oldest was fifty. \nFor Arlene, finding the climbers was only the first step. The team needed another important thing: money. There were long talks at Vera Watson' s house, when they discussed how to make the 80,000 dollars they would need for the expedition. With the help of enthusiastic friends, they organized dances, sports, and parties. They even sold expedition T- shirts. After many months, and a lot of hard work, they finally had the money they needed.\nNow at last they were in Kathmandu, the city where their great adventure would begin. Arlene looked round at the women in the airport. They looked tired after the long journey from Francisco, but happy to be in Nepal at last. There had been so many friends and families at the airport to say goodbye. It had been difficult to leave the people they loved. Irene had looked so sad when she said goodbye to her daughters. Arlene had found it very difficult to leave her boyfriend, John. For all of them there was the chance that they would never see their families or friends again.\nAll climbing in the Himalayas is dangerous. One in ten of the people who go there do not come back. Annapurna was very dangerous because of its avalanches. Arlene knew the avalanches very well. On the expedition film she said...", "id": "high19074.txt"}