{"answers": ["C", "C", "B"], "options": [["They both can cause pets' sudden kidney failure.", "They both contain different amounts of theobromine and caffeine.", "They both can cause pets to vomit.", "They both can cause pets' hearts to beat irregularly."], ["It is safe for pets to eat cooked garlic and onions.", "Baby food is always safe to pets.", "Many pets eat the human food by chance.", "Affected red blood cells can't carry oxygen at all."], ["To tell children never to give candy, gum, or other human food to pets.", "To warn us not to give pets human foods as we like.", "To tell us some human foods which are dangerous to pets.", "To call on us to take good care of pets."]], "questions": ["What effect do chocolate and grapes have in common if eaten by pets?", "Which of the following statements is true?", "What is the purpose of the author's writing this article?"], "article": "Lots of human foods are dangerous to pets, many of which may seem tasty to our pets but can prove deadly if eaten. It can be very appealing to offer pets food from the table, but pets should not be given human food unless recommended by veterinarians  .\nIf you suspect your pet may have eaten a dangerous food, contact veterinarians immediately. In many cases, early recognition and treatment are very important. \nChocolate, Coffee, and Caffeine\nChocolate contains theobromine, a chemical that is toxic   to dogs in large quantities. Chocolate also contains caffeine, which is found in coffee, tea, and certain soft drinks. Different types of chocolate contain different amounts of theobromine and caffeine. For example, dark chocolate and baking chocolate contain more of these compounds   than milk chocolate, so a dog would need to eat more milk chocolate to become ill. However, even a few ounces of chocolate can be enough to cause illness in a small dog, so no amount or type of chocolate should be considered \"safe\" for a dog to eat. Chocolate toxicity can cause vomiting  , diarrhea, rapid or irregular heart rate, restlessness, muscle tremors, and seizures. Death can occur within 24 hours of intake. \nGrapes and Raisins\nGrapes and raisins can cause sudden kidney failure in .cats and dogs. It is unknown what the toxic agent is in these fruits. However, clinical   signs can occur within 24 hours of eating and include vomiting, diarrhea, and tiredness. Other signs of illness relate to the eventual shutdown of kidney functioning. \nGarlic and Onions\nGarlic and onions contain chemicals damaging red blood cells in cats and dogs. Affected red blood cells can damage or lose their ability to carry oxygen effectively. Cooking these foods does not reduce their potential toxicity. Fresh, cooked, and/or powdered garlic and/or onions are commonly found in baby food, which is sometimes given to animals when they are sick, so be sure to read food labels carefully.\nMany cases of human food toxicity in pets are accidental. A pet may find and chew on a package of gum or candy, or steal food from a countertop   or table. The best way to prevent this is to keep all food item: in closed cupboard or areas inaccessible to pets. This may be particularly difficult during the holiday season, when more candy, chocolate, fruit baskets, and other food item: are around. During these times, increased alertness   can help prevent pets finding and eating dangerous foods.\nChildren should also be taught to never give candy, gum, or other human foods to pets.", "id": "high19070.txt"}