{"answers": ["B", "D", "A", "D"], "options": [["He started to make improvements in his speech therapy.", "He was seriously injured in a car accident.", "He graduated from high school with good grades.", "He suffered a heart attack and went into a coma."], ["They helped Washington make up for the lessons he had missed.", "They worked together to collect money for Washington on campus.", "They helped Washington realize his dream of becoming a police officer.", "They regularly visited Washington and helped him with his rehabilitation."], ["strong--willed", "energetic", "pessimistic", "depressed"], ["Washington's friendship with his friends.", "Washington making great efforts to achieve his dream.", "What makes Washington so popular at school.", "How Washington is recovering his brain."]], "questions": ["What happened to Delvin Washington last May?", "What can we know about Washington's friends?", "Which word can best describe Delvin Washington?", "What is the article mainly about?"], "article": "Delvin Washington was having a difficult speech therapy  . Over half a year ago, Washington was preparing for the biggest day of his young life ---graduating from high school. But on a cloudy day in May, he had a serious car accident. He survived, but his life changed forever. He recently began all-day physical rehabilitation  . He is relearning almost everything, from the names of his best friends to simple physical tasks.\nHis friends and family have given him a lot of support. While Washington lay in a coma in hospital, friends and family filled his room during visits. They celebrated his 18th birthday in July while he was still unconscious.Two days after Thanksgiving, eight friends from high school visited Washington at his home. The friends looked through photos on Facebook, showing them all to Washington. As he sat in his wheelchair, friends asked him to recognize the people in the photos, helping him recover his brain.\nWashington's popularity doesn't come from nowhere. He was determined to become a police officer after college and behaved like a respectable police officer at school.His high school principal  , Eric Markinson, said Washington was always a gentleman. \"He was incredibly gracious   and incredibly helpful,\"he said.\nHis accident has damaged Washington's brain. It has caused his left side, from his face to his feet, to all but shut down. His personality has also changed. The serious police-officer behavior is gone. He laughs a lot and smiles when he sees children, his mom said.\nNow Washington is working hard on all-day rehabilitation. So far, he has made tremendous   improvement, said his therapist Lindsay Sims.\"I try to live as independently as possible,\"Washington said slowly but firmly.", "id": "high19071.txt"}