{"answers": ["C", "A"], "options": [["Because some of them always feel unhappy.", "Because they are scolded by the director.", "Because it helps them meet the needs of their roles.", "Because they can't find a happy memory."], ["A happy memory to lift you up.", "An unforgettable day I experienced.", "The roses in her hand, the flavor I have.", "A bird in the hand is worth than two in the bush."]], "questions": ["Why do some actors keep a sad thought or memory according to the passage?", "What's the best title for the passage?"], "article": "I have some work in Glasgow today. I was on a really tight schedule, which meant I would have no time for myself all day. I was having one of those days, the train was completely packed out and the conversation going on around me seemed to be particularly meaningless. On top of all that, I had a bit a headache.\nWalking quickly across the hall, I fished some change from my pocket. There was usually someone at the exit selling The Big Issue(a magazine that helps homeless folk earn a living). As the crowd parted ways at the bottom of the hall, I saw someone selling the Big Issue. You had to be homeless to sell the Big Issue. She really looked like she'd been sleeping rough. Her clothes were ragged and she was also rocking from side to side. At first I thought maybe she was trying to keep warm against the biting wind, But she wasn't ,she was moving in time to a tune. I couldn't hear her, but I could see her lips moving. As I got closer, I saw a white cane hanging from her elbow and noticed that she had sunken( ) eyes. She was blind, dirty and living on the streets. I came closer and through the noise of the traffic I heard her sing the immortal  line, \"--and I think to myself, what a wonderful world!\" I bought her last magazine for twice what I'd originally intended. She thanked me, then she picked up her stuff and went tapping off along the pavement--still singing!\nSo, I have my happy memory for the day. And I think it will stay with me a long ,long time. Feel free to borrow it if you like.", "id": "high19084.txt"}