{"answers": ["C", "B", "D", "D"], "options": [["traditional", "ordinary", "special", "serious"], ["Ged's rudeness", "Ged's pride", "Ged's shyness", "Ged's curiosity"], ["his aunt", "the shadow", "Nemmerle", "Ogion"], ["She works in a bookstore.", "She got a real jewei recently.", "She met Ursula K. Le Guin in Earthsea.", "She may write fantasy stories some day."]], "questions": ["The author considers Ursula K. Le Guin's writing style  _  .", "Which of the following causes the tragedy at the School of Magic?", "At the end of the story,Ged feels most grateful to  _  .", "What can we learn about the author?"], "article": "When it comes to the choice of books,I always manage to find a hidden jewel or two,which led to my journey to Earthsea. Ursula K. Le Guin has her own voice in fantasy literature-that's something I had to admit as soon as I passed the first page.She doesn't imitate anybody-she is herself. I followed Ged's adventures and his gradual transformation from a wild and proud kid into a wise,powerful wizard.\n    A Wizard of Earthsea begins in Ged's own village where he,a kid of 7,learns his first magic from his aunt. Five years later he starts to learn from Ogion the Wizard. But Ogion teaches him patience-not magic-so Ged leaves him and sails to the island of Roke to learn the art in a real School of Magic. There the boy is so proud that he plays with forbidden spells -he frees into this world a terrible shadow horn the land of the dead,leading to the death of Nemmerle,the head of the school. Now Ged must try to overcome this shadow before it controls him. Finally,Ged guesses its secret and saves the world-and himself-from a terrible danger. He knows now the patience is indeed the greatest of arts,and names Ogion his only true master. Ursula K. Le Guin makes every word sing-her language is more poetic than poetry and more musical than some music.She draws the reader's attention without effort. She's made me want to try my own hand at fantasy-and I might one day.", "id": "high19089.txt"}