{"answers": ["B", "B", "D", "C"], "options": [["is a public research university in Cambridge, Massachusetts.", "became a member of the Association of American Universities in 1934", "was founded to improve the development of agriculture of the United States", "at present puts emphasis on applied technology"], ["1,319", "2,319", "3,319", "4,319"], ["Massachusetts Avenue", "a nuclear reactor", "a pressurized wind tunnel", "the Charles River"], ["present Bill Gate's contributions to MIT", "encourage more students to apply to MIT", "give a brief introduction of MIT", "attract more visitors to Massachusetts"]], "questions": ["From the passage, we know MIT   _  .", "If there are 30,000 undergraduates applying for admission to MIT, only about   _   of them will succeed.", "On MIT's campus, you can't find   _  .", "The passage is written mainly to   _  ."], "article": "The Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) is a private research university in Cambridge, Massachusetts, founded in 1861 in response to the increasing industrialization of the United States. The institute stressed laboratory instruction in applied science and engineering. MIT's early emphasis on applied technology at the undergraduate and graduate levels led to close cooperation with industry. Curricular reforms under Karl Compton and Vannevar Bush in the 1930s emphasized basic science. MIT was elected to the Association of American Universities in 1934. Today, the institute comprises various academic departments with a strong emphasis on scientific, engineering, and technological education and research.\nMIT is one of the most selective higher learning institutions, and received 18,357 undergraduate applicants for the class of 2018 -- only admitting 1,419, an acceptance rate of 7.73%.\nMIT's 168-acre campus spans approximately a mile of the north side of the Charles River basin in the city of Cambridge. The campus is divided roughly in half by Massachusetts Avenue, with most dormitories and student life facilities to the west and most academic buildings to the east. MIT's on-campus nuclear reactor is one of the most powerful university-based nuclear reactors in the United States. In 1999 Bill Gates donated $20 million to MIT for the construction of computer laboratory named the \"William H. Gates Building\". While Microsoft had previously given financial support to the institution, this was the first personal donation received from Gates. Other notable campus facilities include a pressurized wind tunnel and a towing tank for testing ship and ocean structure designs.", "id": "high19087.txt"}