{"answers": ["D", "C", "B"], "options": [["They can get more chances to gain a good job.", "They can get more financial aid.", "They have nothing to lose.", "They have less to lose and more to gain."], ["It will top up domestic savings.", "It will loosen the financial restriction.", "It will push people's incomes up.", "It will bring technology and skills from abroad."], ["Benefited or Hurt", "Who Benefits the Most", "Helping the Poor", "The Inflow of Resources"]], "questions": ["Why are workers in poor countries more likely to benefit from the process of globalization?", "What can be the final result of the inflow of the resource?", "Which can be the most appropriate title for this passage?"], "article": "For the most part, it seems, workers in rich countries have little to fear from globalization, and a lot to gain. But is the same thing true for workers in poor countries? The answer is that they are even more likely than their rich-country counterparts   to benefit, because they have less to lose and more to gain. \nTraditional economics takes an optimistic line on integration   and the developing countries. Openness to foreign trade and investment should encourage capital to flow to poor economies. In the developing world, capital is scarce, so the returns on investment there should be higher than in the industrialized countries, where the best opportunities to make money by adding capital to labour have already been used up. If poor countries lower their barriers to trade and investment, the theory goes, rich foreigners will want to send over some of their capital. \nIf this inflow of resources arrives in the form of loans or portfolio investment  , it will top up domestic savings and loosen the financial restriction on additional investment by local companies. If it arrives in the form of new foreign-controlled operations, FDI, so much the better: this kind of capital brings technology and skills from abroad packaged along with it, with less financial risk as well. In either case, the addition to investment ought to push incomes up, partly by raising the demand for labour and partly by making labour more productive.\nThis is why workers in FDI-receiving countries should be in an even better position to profit from integration than workers in FDI-sending countries. Also, with or without inflows of foreign capital, the same gains from trade should apply in developing countries as in rich ones. This gains from trade logic often arouses suspicion, because the benefits seem to come from nowhere. Surely one side or the other must lose. Not so. The benefits that a rich country gets through trade do not come at the expense of its poor country trading partners, or vice versa. Recall that according to the theory, trade is a positive sum game. In all these trades, both sides--exporters and importers, borrowers and lenders, shareholders and workers can gain.", "id": "high19094.txt"}