{"answers": ["A", "B", "C"], "options": [["Standing up for others.", "Forwarding a hurtful e-mail.", "Voting for the fat girl on a website.", "Saying cruel words to upset others."], ["effect--cause", "problem--solution", "topic--supporting details", "conclusion--evidence"], ["How much kids suffer from cyberbullying.", "How to deal with different kinds of cyberbullies.", "How to teach kids to take a stand against cyberbullying.", "How to create a generation of good cybercitizens."]], "questions": ["Which of the following is NOT an action of cyber-bullying?", "The writer organizes the passage following the pattern of   _  .", "What does the writer mainly tell us?"], "article": "Who knows why kids do anything? When it comes to cyberbullying  , they are often motivated by anger or frustration  . Sometimes they do it for entertainment or because they are bored and have too much time on their hands and too many tech toys available to them. Many do it for laughs or to get a reaction. Some do it by accident, without thinking before they do something. The power-hungry do it to make others suffer. And some think they are righting wrong and standing up for others. Because their motives differ, the solutions and responses to each type of cyberbullying incident has to differ, too. There is no \"one size fits all\" when cyberbullying is concerned.\nHowever, education can help considerably in preventing and dealing with the consequences of cyberbullying. If we can help kids understand how much bullying hurts, and how in many cases words can hurt, fewer may cooperate with the cyberbullies. They will think twice before forwarding a hurtful e-mail, or visiting a cyberbullying \"vote for the fat girl\" site, or allowing others to take videos or cell phone pictures of personal moments. \nAnd, in addition to not lending their efforts to continue the cyberbullying, we also need to teach our children not to stand silently by while others are being hurt. Martin Luther King, Jr. once said that in the end we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends. Kids will feel more comfortable to break the silence if given an anonymous   method of reporting cyberbullying web-sites. School administration, community groups and even school policing staff can receive these anonymous tips and take action quickly.\nIf our children do not allow the cyberbullies to use them to embarrass or hurt others and realize that silence, when others are being hurt, is not acceptable, cyberbullying will quickly stop. It's a tall task, but a noble goal. And in the end, our children will be safer online and offline. We will have helped create a generation of good cybercitizens, controlling the technology instead of being controlled by it.", "id": "high19098.txt"}