{"answers": ["C", "D", "B", "A"], "options": [["A travelling diary.", "A story book.", "A science magazine.", "An English dictionary."], ["Eating more vegetables.", "Getting more exercise.", "Having less sugary drinks.", "Having three large meals."], ["Healthy Eating Habits", "Tips on Losing Weight", "Daily Diet and Calories", "Exercise Stops Diseases"], ["Lots of diseases are related to being overweight.", "Those who have a single breakfast eat less at lunch time.", "Taking 4,000 to 5,000 steps a day can help you lose weight.", "An average American consumes 25 pounds of soft drinks a year."]], "questions": ["Where is the passage probably taken from?", "Which of the following should be avoided if you want to lose weight?", "What is the best title of the passage?", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?"], "article": "One of the best things you can do for your health is to drop a few pounds. Or maybe morethan a few pounds. \nBeing overweight increases your danger of heart disease, high blood pressure, cancer,,the list seems almost endless. You'd better find several simple things you can do on a daily basis  such as making rules of eating more vegetables and less fat and getting more physical activities. \nAfter breakfast, make water your primary drink. At breakfast, go ahead and drink orange juice. But throughout the rest of the day, focus on water instead of juice or soda. The average American consumes  an extra 245 calories a day from soft drinks. That's nearly 90,000 calories a year -- or 25 pounds! And research shows that neither the calories nor sugary drinks give you a sense of fullness the way that food does. \nPeople take only 2,000 to 3, 000 steps a day. Adding 2,000 steps will help you keep your present weight and stop gaining weight. Adding more than that will help you lose weight. \nEat five or six small meals or snacks a day instead of three large meals. A 1999 South African study found that when men ate parts of their morning meal at intervals over five hours, they consumed almost 20 percent fewer calories at lunch than when they ate a single breakfast.", "id": "high19093.txt"}