{"answers": ["C", "D", "C"], "options": [["There is no equipment for them.", "They can't interact with each other.", "They can't easily enjoy the fun.", "They have to watch their kids."], ["Make a kite.", "Fly a kite.", "Watch a kite.", "Chase a kite."], ["The benefits of parents playing with children.", "Suitable weather for playing in the park.", "Activities parents can do with their children in the park.", "Kite flying during spring and summer."]], "questions": ["Why is the playground time not quite exciting for parents?", "What can the smallest kids do with kites?", "What is the main idea of the passage?"], "article": "Going to the park with your family is a time-honored tradition during the warmer months whether you live in the city or in a rural area. The most common thing for kids to do at the park is to play on the playground equipment. This is great for kids. For parents, however, playground time is something not quite as exciting. It's nice to socialize with other parents and enjoy watching the little ones at play, but grown-ups can't easily participate in the playground fun. In order to make the most of spring and summer park trips parents might want to consider trying a few new activities.\nSoft Frisbees and balls are great things to bring to the park and enjoy with kids. Parents can participate in playing catch. They can enjoy the fresh air and physical activity together. Other lawn games and toys like badminton can easily be taken to the park for an afternoon of fun.\nIf it is a breezy day, it might be just perfect for flying a kite. Kite flying is a wonderful family fun activity. Children who are too small to fly a kite themselves can have fun chasing it and helping older siblings hold the string. Slightly older children can enjoy learning to fly kites. Teens and parents can enjoy the challenge of making kites. Best of all, kites are inexpensive and can be used in almost any open space on a breezy day.\nAfter these, the first thought might be to head home for a meal or a snack. However, bringing a snack or having a picnic can add an exciting element to the day out and can allow the family to enjoy more park time together. Everyday foods like sandwiches and apples can be very _ If you decide to pack a picnic, just remember to bring bags for any garbage you might produce!", "id": "high191.txt"}