{"answers": ["B", "D", "D", "A"], "options": [["Running away from the school.", "Losing long-term friendship.", "A specific person's marriage.", "A company's closing down."], ["To explain why people feel lonely.", "To introduce the cures for loneliness.", "To show results of a survey.", "To make people know more about loneliness."], ["To set up a support system by contacting other sufferers.", "To take anti-depressant medicine and switch it periodically.", "To change patients' attitude towards loneliness.", "To raise the awareness of the cause of the problem."], ["Because loneliness may contribute to arts creation in some ways.", "Because loneliness itself was present when Emily Dickinson wrote a poem.", "Because people can feel whether a person is lonely in his artworks.", "Because in the creative process, loneliness can be treated."]], "questions": ["According to the passage, what can lead to loneliness?", "What's the purpose of the passage?", "Compared with group treatment, what is the key to short-term treatment?", "Why does the author take the example of Emily Dickinson?"], "article": "In modern society loneliness can be seen as a social phenomenon and people can experience loneliness for many reasons. It is a very common, though normally temporary, consequence of a breakup, divorce, or loss of any important long-term relationship. In these cases, loneliness may result both from the loss of a specific person or from dropping out of social circles. The loss of a significant person in one's life will typically lead to a grief response; in this situation, one might feel lonely, even while in the company of others.\nThere are many different ways used to treat loneliness. The first step that most doctors recommend to patients is treatment. Short term treatment typically occurs over a period of ten to twenty weeks. During treatment, emphasis is put on understanding the cause of the problem, thoroughly changing the negative thoughts, feelings, and attitudes resulting from the problem, and exploring ways to help the patient feel connected. Some doctors also recommend group treatment a means to connect with other sufferers and establish a support system.\nAnother treatment is animal-assisted treatment. Studies and surveys indicate that the presence of animal companions such as dogs, cats, rabbits, and guinea pigs can ease feelings of loneliness or depression among some sufferers. Beyond the companionship the animal itself provides there may also be increased opportunities for socializing with other pet owners. Results of a study also suggest that correcting improper social cognition   offers the best chance of reducing loneliness.\nHowever, loneliness can sometimes play an important role in the creative process. In some people, temporary or prolonged loneliness can lead to remarkable artistic and creative expression, for example, as was the case with poet Emily Dickinson, and many musicians. This is not to imply that loneliness itself ensures this creativity, rather, it may have an influence on the subject matter of the artist and more likely be present in individuals engaged in creative activities.", "id": "high19105.txt"}