{"answers": ["A", "B", "A", "C"], "options": [["To answer if life in the tropics is improving.", "To do research about environment, society and economy.", "To warn people of the problems in coming decades.", "To help the development in the tropics."], ["Economic development in tropics has increased less over the past 30 years.", "Some organisms can experience population drop or extinction for climate changes.", "Rapid population growth contributes to the outbreak of infectious diseases.", "Great investment has been adopted in the research and development."], ["close attention needs to be paid to the risks for the tropics.", "all the plants and animals will live in the polar region in the future.", "health and safety problems will influence the tropical development.", "Bruna shows positive attitude towards the future of the tropics."], ["Critical.", "Optimistic.", "Objective.", "Subjective."]], "questions": ["What was the original purpose of the project State of the Tropics?", "What can we learn from the passage?", "According to the passage, we can infer  _  .", "Which of the following best describes the writer's attitude?"], "article": "By 2050, half of the world's population will live in the tropics--the  ly warm belt that circles the globe--according to State of the Tropics, a report released today. Rapid population growth, along with economic growth, means that the region's influence will grow in coming decades, the authors of the 500-page work predict.\nThe project, first launched in 2011, aimed to answer one significant question: Is life in the tropics improving? To find out, the researchers analyzed environmental, social, and economic indicators collected over 6 decades. It finds that the region has made \"extraordinary progress\" in many areas. For example, more people have access to safe drinking water, and the number of protected areas is increasing. The tropics also have outperformed the rest of the world in economic growth over the past 30 years.\nHowever, some challenges remain. Investment in research and development, for example, has increased cautiously, but tropical nations still invest less than the rest of the world. \"As a proportion of GDP the Rest of the World invests almost four times as much in research and development than the Tropics.\" concludes the report.\nThe report also includes a new analysis of how climate change will affect the region. Many plant and animal species are moving poleward in an attempt to stay within their preferred environmental conditions in the tropics, the authors write. However, some organisms may not be able to keep pace with the changing conditions, they predict. As a result, they can experience population declines or go extinct.\nIn addition, an expanded tropical zone also threatens health and safety issues, the authors warn. As regions become more suitable to insects such as mosquitoes and ticks, the spread of insect-borne diseases such as malaria, dengue, and Lyme disease could rise, causing a burden to human health and the economy. \nBruna, a researcher, says he sees a lot to be concerned about in the report. \"While we've made incredible advances in some areas, I think the risks for the tropics that are highlighted in this report are things that we really need to be concerned about.\"", "id": "high19106.txt"}