{"answers": ["D", "B"], "options": [["all passwords used", "the last password", "unique password each time", "the master password only"], ["share his experience", "introduce a product of good quality", "advertise his product", "teach how to use a new product"]], "questions": ["When using LastPass , users have to remember   _  .", "Joshua Bardwell writes the passage to   _  ."], "article": "Password strength has been a topic about the Internet lately. I have seen lots of clever methods for generating and remembering strong passwords. Some are better than others, but in my opinion , none are adequate . Here's the problem : it doesn't matter how strong your passwords are if you use the same one on multiple sites. All it takes is for a site to get hacked  , like Gawker media, or even Sony did , and now your super-strong password has been stolen , and every site on which you used that password has been accessed .\nSo, the bottom line is that no matter how strong your passwords are , and no matter what clever tricks you use to help you remember them , if you surf the Internet often , the only truly secure password system is what you need .\nEnter LastPass. It's not the only password manager out there, but I like it the best. You create ONE strong password that you have to memorize and use it to access your LastPass database . The LastPass database is stored online, on LastPass's servers. LastPass recognizes the site you're on and automatically logs you in (after , optionally , asking you to re-enter your master password). LastPass also has automatic form fill and automatic password generation. This means that you can have a different , unique , very strong password for every site you log into , but you only have to remember one master password . It's the best of both worlds.\nOne argument against LastPass is that if their database is attacked , then all of your sites are in danger, and that's true, but given that their entire line of work is keeping that information safe , I'm willing to take that chance. The alternative is rolling dice   or picking phrase to create passwords, writing all of them down on a piece of paper or something , and then having to manually type them in when I go to a site . A terrible mess.\nThere is a free version of LastPass , with additional features unlocked if you pay $ 12 for a year's subscription .\n----Joshua Bardwell", "id": "high19101.txt"}