{"answers": ["B", "A"], "options": [["O. Henry once worked in Houston.", "O. Henry once stayed in Galveston.", "O. Henry once moved to Des Moines.", "O. Henry once taught at SMU."], ["To sell the O. Henry story.", "To meet the author himself.", "To talk with the O. Henry expert.", "To give money to the girl."]], "questions": ["Which of the following might explain the fact that the Manuscript was found in the attic ?", "According to the text , why did the author's father go to Des Moines ?"], "article": "When I told my father that I was moving to Des Moines , Iowa , he told me about the only time he had been there . It was in the 1930s, when he was an editor of the literary magazine of Southern Methodist University (SMU) in Dallas , Texas . He also worked as a professor at SMU , and there was a girl student in his class who suffered from a serious back disease . She couldn't afford the operation because her family was poor.\nHer mother ran a boarding house in Galveston , a seaside town near Houston , Texas . She was cleaning out the attic   one day when she came across an old dusty manuscript  . On its top page were the words , \"By O. Henry\". It was a nice story , and she sent it to her daughter at SMU , who showed it to my father . My father had never read the story before , but it sounded like O. Henry, and he knew that O. Henry had once lived in Houston . So it was possible that the famous author had gone to the beach and stayed in the Galveston Boarding house , and had written the story there and left the manuscript behind by accident. My father visited an O. Henry expert at Columbia University in New York , who authenticated the story as O. Henry's .\nMy father then set out to sell it . Eventually , he found himself in Des Moines , meeting with Gardner Cowles , a top editor at the Des Moines Register . Cowles loved the story and bought it on the spot. My father took the money to the girl . It was just enough for her to have the operation she so desperately needed.\nMy father never told me what the O. Henry story was about . But I doubt that it could have been better than his own story .", "id": "high19100.txt"}