{"answers": ["C", "D", "B", "D"], "options": [["Organic food has become much more common.", "People do not want to eat food with chemicals in it.", "Farming organically is growing around the world.", "Countries all want to make money by farming organically."], ["More and more people demand chemicals to grow food.", "Profits from organic farming help make approval programs.", "There are fewer chemicals available to the human beings.", "Organic food is good for the Earth and the human beings."], ["India uses the least land to farm organically", "the US is the fourth largest organic farming country", "Brazil uses less land to farm organically than China", "China and India have the same amount of organic farmland"], ["people who eat food with chemicals have shorter lifespan", "India will soon become the largest grower of organic food", "more countries will farm organically as the environment gets worse", "there will be fewer organic farms if demand for organic food goes down"]], "questions": ["What is the passage mainly about?", "Why do people want to increase organic farming?", "From the passage, it can be said that   _  .", "It can be inferred from the passage that   _  ."], "article": "Not long ago, people could only buy organic food in small shops. Today it is common in most major supermarkets. The reason for the increase is that more and more people are demanding food grown without chemicals. Since the 1990s, organic farm production has gone up 20 percent every year. This pattern is expected to continue around the globe.\nAustralia leads the world in land used for organic agriculture. It has four times as much land devoted to organic farming as all of Asia. However, most of the land is not very fertile, and it only produces a modest amount of food. Argentina is a distant second, followed by Brazil, the United States and China. In Africa, only a very small amount of land is registered for organic farming. That does not mean Africa relies on chemicals. In fact, many farmers do not use chemicals because they cannot afford them. Yet there are no programs for these farmers to prove they do not use chemicals. Without these programs their food can never be approved organic.\nIndia has had the most dramatic recent increase in organic farming. Like many other countries, India sees continual growth in organic food sales around the world. This, of course, leads to growth in profits. Sales of organic food were more than doubled from 2000 to 2005. Like India, many countries are trying to increase commercial organic farming to get a share of the sales. This has led to criticism. Some people believe that organic farming should not just be about making money. They think the goal is to help the environment. Others say organic farming will not continue if it is not profitable. They say that people should be able to make money while providing food that is healthy to mankind.", "id": "high19118.txt"}