{"answers": ["C", "D", "C"], "options": [["She thought highly of community college.", "She got along very well with her daughter.", "She couldn't afford her daughter's college fees.", "She wanted to be a doctor when she was young."], ["her daughter really liked those fields", "she thought those fields were interesting", "those fields wouldn't cost much at college", "she considered them to be high-paying fields"], ["choose the best major or career for their children", "avoid giving their children advice on their major or career", "let their children make the final decision on their major or career", "give everything to their kids to make sure they'll have a good future"]], "questions": ["What do we know about that mother?", "The mother chose the fields for her daughter mainly because   _  .", "From the text, we can infer that the writer would most probably advise parents to   _  ."], "article": "Walking home from work with a family friend, I found myself in a discussion about her daughter's going to college.\nIt started with the mother telling me that she had no money to help her daughter go through college, which led the mother to push community college fiercely. She then started to say how she had been pushing \"high-paying\" fields on her daughter--doctor, engineer, lawyer, etc. When I asked her if that was what her daughter had interest in, she said no. I asked her what the point was to push her daughter into something that she didn't like, and she responded with, \"I just want her to make a good fortune.\"\nAfter hearing her words, I would like to state that money is not everything. A high-paying job means nothing if you are miserable. I used to do a high-paid job, but it was very tiring and I had no time of my own. I didn't like it at all. Though the pay was good, I was not happy.\nSo I'd like to tell parents, please do not force your children into a major or a career just because you think they are going to make a lot of money. They would feel terrible for taking that major or job just to comfort you. The worst part is the feeling of guilty when they decide to change that major to something they actually want or when they quit that job.\nBeing a member of a generation who are willing to give  ly everything to our kids, we know we just hope our children could live happy lives. Please do not force a career path on our children just because we think it is good for them. Give our children advice, but don't force them.", "id": "high19110.txt"}