{"answers": ["B", "C", "A", "A"], "options": [["He was always very stingy.", "He could hardly make ends meet.", "He had already saved some money.", "He was lucky and had a well-paid job."], ["started to invest.", "owed 10, 000 dollars in total.", "saved 5,000 dollars altogether.", "wasn't content with his position."], ["He lived a life without strict budgeting.", "His disabled family member needed assistance.", "He ate rich food and wore name brand clothes.", "He bought the necessities that his family needed."], ["We should balance our budget.", "We should try to find a well-paid job.", "We should try our best to save more money.", "We should be as wise in our donations as possible."]], "questions": ["What do we learn about the author before he was 30?", "After moving into his new home, the author   _  .", "What is the main reason for the author's spending $5,000 quickly?", "What lesson can we learn from this text?"], "article": "Money management should be easy, right? You earn money. Then you use it to pay bills and taxes, donate some if you can and save some. I have paid out more than I earned in the past. I have been stingy   occasionally and been sorry later. My biggest regret about money, however, is regarding savings.\nWhen I was 30 years old, I started saving money. Finally, I had a well-paid job with a salary that would grow with time and seniority. I purchased   my home and moved in. The next logical step was to save money. So I did. In one year I put away $5,000. My goal was to build another $5,000 and start investing  . I was pleased with my progress. Unfortunately, life stepped in. A family member became disabled and needed financial assistance. I could not seem to control my spending, and my checking account ran dry. My credit card bills rose.\nI carry no regret to any necessities that I bought for my family. However, as I look back, I realize that I did not research enough about balancing my budget before spending my savings account. I used the money to buy fast food just for convenience. I would go to the store for food when my cupboards were still not empty, because I wanted something special. I bought convenient items to save time, not considering that I was wasting money. I should have given up the name brand paper towels and used more dish rags. My $5,000 was gone quickly. That was just over 10 years ago. If I had kept the savings and restarted my savings after the emergency, I might have doubled that $5,000 by now.\nWhen I am a senior, I will still regret that $5,000. My credit card debt will be paid back soon. I will be as wise in my charity donations as possible. But I shall always mourn   my savings account.", "id": "high19123.txt"}