{"answers": ["B", "C", "D"], "options": [["Interesting", "Expensive", "Convenient", "Environment-friendly"], ["E-books will come down in price", "E-books come in various sizes and shapes", "E-books do little harm to the environment", "E-books are no better than traditional books"], ["explain how to read e-books", "honor the person who invented e-books", "scold publishers for wasting so much paper", "provide evidence that e-books are a good idea"]], "questions": ["What does Editor Henry Slocum think about e-books?", "In David's letter, he thinks that  _", "The main purpose of the letter is to   _"], "article": "Editor Henry Slocum,\nI read your May 10th article in the local newspaper Honesdale Times about electronic books, or e-books, with great interest. You made several good points about the disadvantage of e-books. You may have overlooked, however, some of the ways in which they are superior to traditional books. Yes, e-books are expensive, but they are also convenient. In addition, due to their environment-friendly nature, e-books have the potential to change our planets for the better.\nE-books, for anyone who is unfamiliar with the term, are about the same size and shape as regular books. They have a large screen in the middle, however, this screen shows the reader a page of the text that has been downloaded from a computer. Once the reader has finished reading the page on the e-book screen, he or she scrolls down to see a new page. The process continues until the entire book has been read.\nAs you pointed out, Mr. Slocum, it's great to lie on a warm, sandy beach with a book. You can do that just as easily with an e-book as you can with a traditional paper book. In fact, because e-books are so light, you can carry themselves. Say, for example, that you like to read on the bus. Which would you rather carry with you---a heavy 800-page novel, or an e-book that weighs only a few ounces?\nAnother important advantage is offered by e-books as well. They are more environment-friendly than traditional books. At present, thousands of trees cut down each year to meet the publishing industry's demand for paper. Books that don't sell are eventually returned to the publisher and destroyed, This terrible waste could be avoided if everyone used e-books, which require no paper.\nSincerely,\nDavid Eng", "id": "high19135.txt"}