{"answers": ["D", "B", "B", "C"], "options": [["to describe the talents and intelligent students", "to make a list of all the great achievements", "to show us how to get fully developed", "to tell us what the school is like"], ["About 400 students get municipal-above level prizes in various competitions.", "Li Lanqing was satisfied with the development of Chengdu No.7 High School.", "More attention is paid to campus extracurricular activities teaching.", "Chengdu No.7 High School is the first Chinese communication base with foreign schools."], ["focusing on compulsory subjects", "joining the student organizations", "getting the national first prize", "holding key positions in scientific research departments"], ["the newspapers and magazines issued by the school authority are much liked by students", "the school's alumni, like Sun Zhen and Li Lanqing, became backbones of the country", "extracurricular activities and selective courses are designed for students' full development", "the school's long history and good tradition are the only two reasons for its greatness"]], "questions": ["The purpose of the writing is   _  .", "Which of the following is TRUE?", "Students can get fully developed through   _  .", "We can learn from the text that   _  ."], "article": "Chengdu No.7 High School has formed a bright character and good tradition in school operation in the long period education and teaching practices. It mainly focuses on compulsory subjects, with a combination of selected subjects. It has formed a practical teaching system which mainly focuses on subject practical teaching, social practices teaching and campus extracurricular activities teaching. In the year of 1994, Mr. Li Lanqing, who was the then Prime Minister of the State Council, highly evaluated Chengdu No.7 High School when he visited here and said: \"The happiest thing I have seen in the school is that students can get fully developed\".\nWith 100 years' history, Chengdu No.7 High School has many talents. Large numbers of alumni became academic masters, talents and government backbones by holding key positions in education and scientific research departments, key businesses, national defense authorities and governments. Famous people Sun Zhen and Tian Jiaying once studied at No.7 High School, while academicians from Chinese Academy of Sciences and Chinese Academy of Engieering like Chen Jiayong, Li Yinyuan, Pu Fuke graduated from Chengdu No.7 High School.\nChengdu No.7 High School has many intelligent students. There are about 400 students every year from Chengdu No.7 High School who get municipal-above level prizes in various competitions. Up to the year of 2010, 9 gold medals have been obtained in International High School Students' Subjects Olympic Competitions. Every year more than half of the school graduates are accepted into famous Chinese universities. Its acceptance rate ranks top. Also there are about 100 students every year who are accepted by famous overseas universities.\nChengdu No.7 High School has four student organizations, two newspapers, four magazines as well as more than 30 student communities and more than 80 selective courses and activity classes. All of these provide a great stage and diversified options for student full development.\nChengdu No.7 High School is the window for international communication and one of the first Chinese communication bases with foreign schools in Sichuan Province. It has friendly cooperative relationship with schools from more than 10 countries for mutual visiting and exchanging in teaching.", "id": "high19132.txt"}