{"answers": ["D", "D", "D"], "options": [["the face turns grey", "the skin becomes damp and cold", "he patient breathes quickly", "all of the above"], ["First aid means to give an injured person the help at once before the doctor comes.", "If an injured person goes into shock, we must try to keep them warm.", "Don't move the injured person if he has broken his legs.", "When a person has taken poison, we must make him sick."], ["How to Save One's Life", "What to Do with Some Accidents", "How to Deal with Common Injuries", "First Aid"]], "questions": ["If someone goes into shock after receiving an injury, you'll find that   _  .", "Which of the following statements is NOT true according to passage?", "What's the best title for this passage?"], "article": "First aid is the aid or the help which can be given to an injured person first, that is, before any other help comes. Nowadays there is usually a telephone not far away and the first we should do, if a serious accident happens, call the phone for an ambulance. Sometimes our quick action may save someone's life.\nShock. People often suffer from shock after receiving an injury, sometimes even when the injury is very tiny. The face turns grey, and the skin becomes damp   and cold. They breathe quickly. They should be kept warm. Cover them with a blanket and give them a warm drink.\nBroken bones. Do not move the patient. Send for an ambulance at once.\nBleeding. A little bleeding doesn't harm. It washes dirt from the wound. But if the bleeding continues, try to stop it by placing a clean cloth firmly over the wound until the bleeding stops or helps arrive.\nPoison. A person who has taken poison should be taken to a hospital at once. With some poisons, sleeping pills, for example, it is a good thing to make the patient throw up by pressing your fingers down his throat.\nRemember: When an accident happens, send someone to telephone for an ambulance at once. Keep the injured person warm and quiet. Give him plenty of air. Do not let other people crowd around him.", "id": "high19130.txt"}