{"answers": ["D", "B", "B"], "options": [["can make teenagers self-centered", "is the result of putting others before oneself", "has nothing to do with how a person was raised", "can give teenagers mental health problems"], ["people should admire their reflection in the mirror", "people should be confident and appreciate their good qualities", "people should put others before themselves", "people should be more self-centered"], ["Love others or yourself?", "Learn to love yourself", "Self-love", "Narcissism"]], "questions": ["According to the text, low self-esteem   _  .", "It is suggested in the article that   _  .", "What would be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "In ancient Greek mythology we learn about a young man named Narcissus. He was so beautiful that he fell in love with his own reflection  . He became obsessed  , but soon realized that what he loved was not real. As a result, he became sad and died. In the place where he had stood appeared a soft yellow flower -a narcissus.\nThis is where the word \"narcissism\" came from. Unfortunately, narcissism is often used to show disapproval because it is usually used to mean being self-centered and not caring about others.\nHowever, part of the reason that narcissism carries these negative meanings is that many people admire themselves in an unhealthy way. But the truth is that good self-love is necessary for our mental health, scientists say.\nA study published 10 years ago shows that low self-esteem is responsible for many social problems, and it can affect teenagers seriously. When they feel less confident and not as good as their classmates, teenagers are more likely to suffer from depression, commit suicide, get pregnant and bully others, according to the BBC.\nThe other reason that narcissism is considered an ugly thing is because we are taught that we should care more about others than ourselves and that it's better to give than to receive. \nThinking about others is the right thing to do, without question. But psychologists say that the love of others is actually based on self-love. If you see yourself as an unpleasant stranger, how can you be capable of making friends with anyone else? After all, you are closer to yourself than anyone else.\nAfter years of study, scientists also found that parents play a big part in building a child's self-belief. Only if the parents approve and accept their children, do they feel loved and learn to love themselves.\nThe next time you look in the mirror, try to tell yourself that you are one of a kind. Pick out your best qualities and be proud of yourself.", "id": "high19133.txt"}