{"answers": ["C", "D", "B", "A"], "options": [["the Rosetta Stone", "the Elgin Marbles", "Hans Sloane's collections", "Egyptian mummies"], ["To tell us an interesting story.", "To introduce its great history.", "To compare it to the Reading Room.", "To show the size of the Reading Room's dome."], ["can't visit its website", "are busy with work in the daytime", "can see exhibitions free of charge", "can pay less money for the ticket"], ["Tottenham Court Road.", "Russell Square.", "Euston Road.", "Holborn."]], "questions": ["When the British Museum opened originally, it mainly included   _  .", "What's the writer's purpose in mentioning St Peter's?", "People would like to visit the British Museum on Friday probably because they   _  .", "Which underground station is closest to the British Museum?"], "article": "The British Museum first opened in the 18th Century largely based on the collections of the scientist Sir Hans Sloane.\nThe current neoclassical building was founded nearly a century later and is quadrangular with four wings and a great classical appearance. Inside is a courtyard, the Great Court, covered with a special modern addition--a spiraling glass and steel roof which was designed by Norman Foster and completed in 2000. The courtyard surrounds the round Reading Room with a copper domed ceiling the same size as the dome of St Peter's in Rome.\nThe museum, one of the oldest in the world, is Britain's largest museum, and widely considered to be one of the world's greatest museums of human history and culture. The permanent collection is made up of over 8 million objects spanning the history of the world's cultures from the stone tools of early man to twentieth-century prints. The collection includes controversial items including the Elgin Marbles from the Parthenon in Greece, Egyptian mummies and the Rosetta Stone.\nThe expansion of the museum over the years has resulted in the creation of several branch institutions including the Natural History Museum in South Kensington. The British Library previously occupied the Reading Room but in 1997 moved to a new site next to St Pancras Station on Euston Road. There are frequent special exhibitions of international significance.\nOpening Times: The museum is open daily from 10:00 am to 5:30 pm. On Fridays it stays open until 8:30 pm. Entry to the museum is free, although a charge may be made for entry to temporary exhibitions.\nAddress: Great Russell Street, London WC1B 3DG.\nNearest Underground Station: Tottenham Court Road (5-minute walk), Russell Square (6-minute walk) and Holborn (7-minute walk).Website: http://www. britishmuseum. org/.", "id": "high19142.txt"}