{"answers": ["D", "C", "D"], "options": [["A special car.", "A big house and lots of money.", "Skills to support the whole family.", "Memories of his father and himself."], ["To focus on life every lay.", "To bring the right and best choices to family.", "To make choices based on love and happiness.", "To live a kind and giving life and help others as much as possible."], ["Make the Right Choices in Life", "Enjoying Life with My Father", "How to Repair an Ancient Car", "My Father's Love and Wonderful Memories"]], "questions": ["What was the most precious thing the author's father passed on to him?", "What does the author learn from his father?", "Which of the following would be the best title for the text?"], "article": "My father left me a treasure when he died. It wasn't a big house or a car. It wasn't cash or gold. In the eyes of the world my father died a poor man. He was a simple mechanic who worked hard to support his family. My father's treasure, rather, was in a thousand wonderful memories that he gave me over the course of his life. \nOne particular one stood out in my mind today. I was just a boy playing in the backyard of a friend's house while my father spent the afternoon under the hood   of an old car, trying to get it running again. It seemed to take hours and I wasn't sure whether he could bring the ancient car back to life again this time. At long last, though, he closed the hood and turned the key in the ignition  . There was a sweet smile of satisfaction on his face as the engine started. There was a twinkle of joy in his eye when he shook his head. And there was a quiet hum of happiness in his voice as we drove back home that day. This memory made a home in my heart and became a priceless pearl for my soul to cherish.\nTime and time again, my father showed me that a kind life, a giving life and a heavenly life was created one choice at a time. Not all of his choices were the right ones, but most of them were. He did the best he could. He lived the best he could. And he helped to bring out the best in me, too. He once said to me, \"It is lucky that all of your choices are driven by love and inspired by joy.\" As I look back into those memories my father left me, I realize that each one of them inspired me to live and to love. May all of your choices bring memories of happiness to those around you!", "id": "high19167.txt"}