{"answers": ["A", "D", "C"], "options": [["To produce legal documents.", "To replace sewing machines.", "To record the results of research.", "To create  the first computer keyboards."], ["In the 1970s keyboards came with the computer.", "Christoper Latham Scholes created the first typewriter in 1714.", "An electromagnetically controlled teletype was introduced in 1877.", "The development of the computer keyboard started from the teletype."], ["The process of making computer keyboards.", "The first person who invented the typewriter.", "The course of development of the computer keyboard.", "The influence of typewriters on the computer keyboard."]], "questions": ["For what purpose were the first typewriters manufactured?", "Which of the following is TRUE, according to the text?", "What is the text mainly about?"], "article": "The history of the computer keyboard started way back in 1714, when the first typewriters were manufactured. Then, they looked more like sewing machines, since they were designed by Remington, which also used to manufacture sewing machines. They were not used for commercial purposes but to produce legal documents that were neat. 1868 was the year when Christoper Latham Scholes created the typewriter that is common today and was later mass marketed in 1877.\nBefore the typewriter advanced to become the modern-day keyboard, there were a few developments that led to it. First there was the combination of the typewriter with the telegraph to create a teletype. Key punches were also created by the combination of the typewriter with punch card systems. The teletype was used to input data in the very first computers, and this is where the development of the computer keyboard started.\nHow the teletype worked with the computer is that a card was inserted into the teletype. The keys would then be pressed in the teletype and a series of holes would be punched in the card. These were known as key punches, which would then be put into a card reader which analyzed the cards as data. This was in 1946, and in 1948 an electromagnetically   controlled teletype was brought into operation for the binary automatic computer  .\nThere later came the video display terminal    and electronic keyboards. When people typed, they would immediately see the results on the screen. This was in the 1970s, and people accepted the technology because it was user-friendly. There was no long process involved in getting something typed. The very first designs of these keyboards were big and heavy, and most did not come with the computer. This was later modified to a smaller size and different colours and designs, and that is the keyboard we use today.", "id": "high19169.txt"}