{"answers": ["C", "B", "D", "B"], "options": [["giving a report in front of school", "helping other classmates", "having problems at school", "answering questions in class"], ["Different kinds of stress will help you with the study a lot.", "Having a balanced life is the best way to keep stress away.", "You may not feel well if your parents are talking about things.", "You may feel angry, sad, or afraid when you are doing something."], ["To tell us how to lead a healthy life.", "To give us some advice on how to do better in a test.", "To tell us something about good stress and bad stress.", "To tell us about stress and how to face it."], ["By raising questions.", "By following time order.", "By making comparisons .", "By making examples."]], "questions": ["Bad stress may happen when you are  _  .", "Which of the following is RIGHT according to the passage?", "What is the purpose of the passage?", "The passage is written in some ways except  _  ."], "article": "Are you ever so worried about something that you even have a headache or can't sleep at night? Do you ever feel a stomachache during a test? If so, then you know what stress is. Stress is what you feel when you are worried about something. When you are under stress, you may feel angry, sad, scared, or afraid --all this can give you a stomachache or a headache. In modern society, most people are under the higher stress than ever before.\nThere are different kinds of stress. Some kinds of stress are good and others are bad. Good stress may happen when someone asks you to answer questions in class or when you have to give a report. This kind of stress can help you to finish things better. Under this stress, you will find yourself have more motivation and energy to study.\nHowever, bad stress can happen if the stress lasts too long. You may not feel well if a family member is sick, if you're having problems at school, or if anything else makes you upset every day. That kind of stress isn't going to help you.\nThe best way to keep stress away is to have a balanced life. If you get enough sleep and food, and if you exercise and leave time for fun, you'll feel less stress.", "id": "high19165.txt"}