{"answers": ["C", "C", "D", "A"], "options": [["He had lost contact with his family.", "He had been forbidden to smoke.", "He had been searched.", "He had killed someone."], ["Because he was sure he was to be killed.", "Because he wanted the guard to set him free.", "Because he wanted to ease his nervousness.", "Because he was a regular heavy smoker."], ["The guard freed him in the prison.", "The man smiled to please the guard.", "The guard set the man free with permission.", "The man was surprised to be set free."], ["The smile.", "The cigarette.", "The tears.", "The wallet."]], "questions": ["What do we know about the man from the passage?", "Why did the man want to smoke cigarettes?", "What can we infer from the story?", "What is the most important factor in saving the man's life?"], "article": "I was sure that I was to be killed. I became terribly nervous. I fumbled  in my pockets to see if there were any cigarettes, which had escaped their search. I found one and because of my shaking hands, I could barely get it to my lips. But I had no matches, they had taken those. I looked through the bars at the guard. He did not make eye contact with me. I called out to him \"Have you got a light?\" He looked at me, shrugged and came over to light my cigarette. As he came close and lit the match, his eyes unconsciously locked with mine. At that moment, I smiled. I don't know why I did that. Perhaps it was nervousness, perhaps it was because, when you get very close, one to another, it is very hard not to smile. In any case, I smiled. In that instant, it was as though a spark jumped across the gap between our two hearts, our two human souls. I know he didn't want to, but my smile leaped through the bars and caused a smile on his lips, too. He lit my cigarette but stayed near, looking at me directly in the eyes and continuing to smile.\nI kept smiling at him, now thinking of him as a person and not just a guard. \"Do you have kids?\" he asked. \"Yes, here, here.\" I took out my wallet and nervously fumbled for the pictures of my family. He, too, took out the pictures of his family and began to talk about his plans and hopes for them. My eyes were filled with tears. I said that I feared that I'd never see my family again, never have the chance to see them grow up. Tears came to his eyes, too. Suddenly, without another word, he unlocked my cell and silently led me out. Out of the prison, quietly and by back routes, out of the town. There, at the edge of town, he released me. And without another word, he turned back toward the town.", "id": "high19186.txt"}