{"answers": ["D", "A", "D"], "options": [["Tourism Causes Bad Effects.", "Tourism Calls for Good Behavior.", "Vacations Bring a Lot of Fun.", "Vacations Cost More Than You Think"], ["Local people were well paid to leave their lands.", "Tourists may stay in hotels opened by local people.", "Local people are mainly provided with low-paying work.", "Tourists could bargain with local people for a reasonable price."], ["tourism is not a promising industry", "dream vacations should be spent abroad", "the problems caused by tourism are easy to settle", "tourists should respect local customs and culture"]], "questions": ["What is probably the best title for the article?", "Which of the following is not mentioned?", "According to the passage, the writer thinks_."], "article": "What's your dream vacation? Watching wildlife in Kenya? Boating down the Amazon? Sunbathing in Malaysia? New chances are opening up all the time to explore the world. So we visit travel agents, compare packages and prices, and pay our money.\nWe know what our vacation costs us. But do we know what it might cost someone else? It's true that many poorer countries now depend on tourism for foreign income. Unfortunately, though, tourism often harms the local people more than it helps them.\nIt might cost their homes and lands. In Myanmar, 5,200 people were forced to leave their homes among the pagodas in Bagan so that tourists could visit the pagodas.\nTourism might also cost the local people their livelihood and dignity. Local workers often find only menial  jobs in the tourist industry. And most of the profits do not help the local economy. Instead, profits return to the tour operators in wealthier countries, When the Maasai people in Tanzania were driven from their lands, some moved to city slums. Others now make a little money selling souvenirs or posing for photos.\nProblems like these were observed more than 20 years ago. But now some non-government organizations, tour operators and local governments are working together to begin correcting them. Tourists, too, are putting on the pressure.\nThe result is responsible tourism, or \"ethical tourism.\" Ethical tourism has people at its heart. New international agreements and codes of conduct can help protect the people's lands, homes, economies and cultures. The beginnings are small, though, and the problems are complex.\nBut take heart. The good news is that everyone, including us, can play a part to help the local people in the places we visit. Tour operators and companies can help by making sure that local people work in good conditions and earn reasonable wages.\nThey can make it a point to use only locally owned hotel, restaurants and guide services. They can share profits fairly to help the local economy. And they can involve the local people in planning and managing tourism.\nWhat can tourists do? First, we can ask tour companies to provide information about the conditions of local citizens. We can then make our choices and tell them why. And while we're abroad, we can:\nBuy local foods and products, not imported ones.\nPay a fair price for goods and services and not bargain for the cheapest price.\nAvoid flaunting wealth.\nAsk before taking photographs of people.\nThey are not just part of the landscape!\nLet's enjoy our vacation and make sure others do, too.", "id": "high19184.txt"}