{"answers": ["B", "D"], "options": [["Because they want to honor their ancestors.", "Because it can make young people and working people be included in the festival's activities.", "Because it can make people have a chance to honor their ancestors.", "Because they think it is an important traditional folk custom."], ["How people observe TombSweeping Day", "The aim of protecting folk culture and custom", "TombSweeping Day, a traditional Chinese festival", "One man's mission to help keep a traditional custom alive"]], "questions": ["Why do the elderly think it is important to make TombSweeping Day a public holiday?", "The best title of the passage is   _  ."], "article": "This Friday is TombSweeping Day, one of the three traditional festivals that are included as the Chinese mainland's public holidays starting this year. Together with the Dragon Boat Festival in June and MidAutumn Festival in September, the authorities say observing these days is aimed at protecting folk culture and customs.\nChinese nationwide should thank Chen Jing, a 68yearold folk artist and professor from Nanjing University for the move. \"It is certainly a favorable gesture for the promotion and preservation of folk culture and customs,\" Chen said. In 2006, Chen proposed to the authorities to make TombSweeping Day, also known as Qingming Festival, a public holiday. His suggestion received wide support from other folk artists. \"TombSweeping Day means a lot to the Chinese,\" Chen said. It is a day for people to honour their ancestors.\nTwo years ago, on his trip to honour his ancestor in Taizhou, Jiangsu province, he found the train full of people, most of whom were the elderly. From the conversation with them, he found the elderly thought it necessary to include young family members in the festival's activities, while working people also wanted the chance to honor their ancestors. Among those he spoke to was an elderly man from Hongkong, who told Chen TombSweeping Day is a holiday in Hongkong for paying tribute to ancestors. Chen was inspired by the experience and insight from these people and put forward the suggestion for the holiday during an interview by mainstream media.\n\"If we do not take immediate action, our traditional folk customs will be forgotten by the younger generation,\" he said. His idea soon spread all over the country and was echoed  by many scholars and experts.", "id": "high19199.txt"}