{"answers": ["B", "B", "B"], "options": [["his son supported him immediately", "many experts thought it impossible", "there was no bridge around New York", "he persuaded the government to support him"], ["the government did offer much help to build the bridge", "to go to the Long Island, we can go across Brooklyn Bridge now", "Washington had only one finger after the accident", "it took 13 years to complete the bridge"], ["The Roeblings were devoted to their work.", "How the Brooklyn Bridge was built by the Roeblings.", "A strong will is not to be defeated.", "Success lies in patience and hard work."]], "questions": ["When John Roebling had the idea of building the bridge,   _  .", "It can be inferred from the passage that   _  .", "What is the main idea of the passage?"], "article": "In 1883, a creative engineer named John Roebling was inspired by an idea to build a great bridge connecting New York with  the Long Island. However, bridge building experts thought that this was an impossible project and told Roebling to forget it. But Roebling could not ignore the vision of this bridge. After much discussion and persuasion he managed to convince his son Washington, an engineer, that the bridge could be built.\nThe father and son developed concepts of how it could be completed and how the difficulties could be overcome. After that, they began to build their dream bridge.\nThe project started well, but when it was only a few months underway   a tragic accident on the site took the life of John Roebling. Washington was also injured and left with a certain amount of brain damage,which made him unable to walk or talk or even move.\nEveryone had a negative comment since the Roeblings were the only one who knew how to build the bridge. In spite of these difficulties, Washington was never discouraged and still had a burning desire to complete the bridge. It seemed that there was a message for him not to give up. Suddenly an idea hit him. All he could do was to move one finger and he decided to make the best use of it. By moving it, he slowly developed a code of communication with his wife. Then he used the same method of tapping her arm to tell the engineers what to do. The project was underway again. For 13 years Washington tapped out his instructions with his finger on his wife's arm, until the bridge was finally completed.\nToday the Brooklyn Bridge stands in all its glory to the victory of one man's determination not to be defeated by circumstances. This is one of the best examples of a neversaydie attitude that overcomes a terrible physical disability and achieves an impossible goal.", "id": "high19198.txt"}