{"answers": ["C", "B", "C", "A", "D"], "options": [["parents", "both parents and their children", "young people", "teachers"], ["ask for advice before they really start to do anything", "doing things without thinking carefully ahead", "be very strict with themselves", "think in the same way as their parents do"], ["they want to make their parents angrily", "they try to get their parents into trouble", "they want to try on something new and look different from than older people", "they know they are clever than the older people"], ["they don't feel they belong to the world of older people", "they do not want to get into trouble", "they feel they are cleverer than the older people", "they want to show they have grown up"], ["do everything according to his own wish", "do everything the way his parents do", "do everything under his parents' control", "do everything with a high sense of responsibility"]], "questions": ["This article is particularly written for   _  .", "According to the text, young people tend to   _  .", "Young people like to have clothes, entertainment and music in their own way, because  _  .", "According to the text, young people want to make a new culture of their own, because   _  .", "If a young man plans to control his own life, it's better for him to   _  ."], "article": "It is natural that young people are often uncomfortable when they are with their parents. They say that their parents don't understand them. They often think that their parents are out of touch with modern ways: that that they are too serious and too strict with their children; and they seldom give their children a free hand.\nIt is true that parents often find it difficult to win their children's trust and they are easy to forget how they themselves felt when young.\nFor example, young people like to act right away without much thinking. It is one of their ways to show that they have grown up and they can face any difficult situation. Older people worry more easily. Most of them plan things ahead, at least in their minds, and do not like their plans to be upset by something unexpected.\nWhen you want your parents to let you do something, you will have better success, if you ask before you really start doing it.\nYoung people often make their parents angry with their choices in clothes, in entertainment and in music. But they do not mean to cause any trouble; it is just that they feel cut off  from the older people's world, into which they have not yet been accepted. That's why young people want to make a new culture of their own. And if their parents like their music of entertainment or clothes or their ways of speech, this will make young people especially happy.\nSometimes you are so proud of yourself that you do not want your parents to say \"yes\" to what you do. All you want is to be left alone and do what you like. It is natural enough, after being a child for so many years, when you were completely under your parents' control.\nIf you plan to control your life, you'd better win your parents over and try to get them to understand you. If your parents see that you have a high sense of responsibility, they will certainly give you the right to do what you want to do.", "id": "high192.txt"}