{"answers": ["B", "D", "A"], "options": [["Organize teaches to help students learn effectively.", "Work out a few simple study tips for them to follow.", "Ask them to use folders to keep their assignments.", "Offer help before and while they do their homework."], ["every child has his/her own learning style", "it is the only way to learn about their children", "all learning is a process which settles into certain steps", "it helps to know exactly what problems their children have"], ["parents", "online students", "educational workers", "the public"]], "questions": ["What can the school's student union do for students?", "It is important for parents to be aware of their children's learning style because  _   .", "The text is mainly written for   _  ."], "article": "We all know that good study habits are essential to success. We probably can reduce the academic dishonesty by promoting good study habits among students. Letting the students know how important good study habits are when they come to school. Still, even procrastination  can be overcome by proper study habits, and improving study habits is the key to better studying.\nGood study habits are a great tool to have in the toolbox of life. Many of the tips for success for online students are the same as those for students in a classroom. Consider asking the school's student union to take on a study tips project. Following a few simple study tips can help students effectively learn new concepts and theories.\nA good way to stay organized is to use folders   so that your child can keep his / her assignments. Once children reach the grades where homework and tests are part of the curriculum, there are many things parents can do to encourage good study habits. An effective way is to study  before and while they do their homework. Being organized and having homework routines are the most important things in helping your child develop good habits for life.\nLearning, however, is a process which settles into certain steps. Students with learning problems, however, may still have generally inefficient and ineffective study habits and skills.\nBecoming aware of your child's learning style will help you understand why they sometimes get frustrated with common study methods.\nEffective study habits are a very important part of the learning process. Good study habits are all about keeping to a daily routine and giving all subjects equal treatment. If your child's study habits are weak, take a \"study skills\" course or have someone show him/her good study habits.\nThe problem is that those high-school study habits are hard to shake. Hard work and good study habits are two characters to be nurtured  . Motivation and study habits are obviously very important as well.", "id": "high19206.txt"}