{"answers": ["C", "D", "B", "A", "B"], "options": [["The Year from Hell.", "My Generous Friend - Gail.", "Gratitude among the Ashes.", "Everything Gone in the Smoke."], ["Her furniture.", "Her dog.", "Her husband.", "Her car."], ["The author and her son went to Gail's house the night after the fire happened.", "Gail and the author shared all together and had a lot in common in their life.", "The author had planned to live with Gail for a long time at the beginning.", "The author wrote the passage after she moved into a new rented house."], ["strong-minded", "simple--minded", "out-going", "kind-hearted"], ["Where there is a will, there is a way.", "When God closes a door, he opens another.", "A positive attitude will bring success.", "A friend without faults will never be found."]], "questions": ["Which of the following could be the title of the passage?", "Which of the following may NOT be lost for the author according to the passage?", "What can we learn from the passage?", "After suffering a lot, the author eventually became more   _  .", "What did the author learn from her experience?"], "article": "It was the Year from Hell - the dog died, my marriage of 24 years ended, and my house burned down. I had moved into a new rented house with my youngest son after my husband and I divorced. We'd been in the house just six weeks. I went to a dinner party one night, and as I drove home near, I saw smoke rising into the sky. I wondered whether it was my house. Then I turned the corner, and sure enough, it was my house.\nMy son and I stayed with a friend for a couple of nights. Then my friend Gail heard about the fire, called me up, and said, \"Come and move into my house. I have seven bedrooms and five bathrooms - plenty of space for you and your son.\" Gail had three kids at home, but there was still plenty of room for me and my son, Sutton. Little did I know that her offer of a temporary place to stay would turn into a living arrangement that lasted two and a half years.\nWe were two single mothers. Gail and I spent the next couple of years sorting out a lot of things together. After we moved in, I soon began to look for a permanent place to live in. Gail said, \"Please don't leave. I've never had so much freedom!\" Having me in the house meant someone to help take care of her kids, someone to share cooking and gardening, and someone to share day-to-day life. She loved having me there, and I loved being there. So we stayed.\nIt was an important chapter in my life. We both needed time to heal from our divorces. It was a time of deeper insight and spiritual growth for both of us. Gail's generosity was more than anyone could expect from a friend. I am eternally grateful to have a friend like Gail. I'm also grateful for the lessons I learned from the fire and the other losses that came so suddenly, so fast. Much to my surprise, I found gratitude among the ashes. I was tested serious trial by fire. But, like a phoenix, I rose from the ashes strong and whole. I would not be the person I am today if not for that Year from Hell.", "id": "high19200.txt"}