{"answers": ["B", "B", "A"], "options": [["The breeding season.", "The light in modern", "The dangerous environment.", "The noise from heavy machinery."], ["The environment might be polluted.", "The birds' health might be damaged.", "The industry cost might be increased.", "The people's hearing might be affected."], ["Because there are fewer dangers.", "Because there is more food to eat.", "Because there is less light pollution", "Because there are more places to take shelter."]], "questions": ["According to Dr Dominoni's study, what cause robins to sing so much?", "What is the researchers' concern over the increase of birds' song output?", "Why do some birds thrive in noisy environments?"], "article": "Their cheery song brightens many a winter's day. But robins are in danger of wearing themselves out by singing too much. Robins are singing all nightas well as during the day, British-based researchers say.\nDavid Dominoni, of Glasgow University, said that light from street lamps, takeaway signs and homes is affecting the birds' biological clock, leading to them being wide awake when they should be asleep.\nDr Dominoni, who is putting cameras inside nesting boxes to track sleeping patterns, said lack of sleep could put the birds' health at risk. His study shows that when robins are exposed to light at night in the lab, it leads to some genes being active at the wrong time of day. And the more birds are exposed to light, the more active they are at night.\nHe told people at a conference, \"There have been a couple of studies suggesting they are increasing their song output at night and during the day they are still singing. Singing is a costly behaviour and it takes energy. So by increasing their song output, there might be some costs of energy.\"\nAnd it is not just robins that are being kept awake by artificial light. Blackoiids and seagulls are also being more nocturnal. Dr Dominoni said, \"In Glasgow where I live, gulls are a serious problem. I have people coming to me saying `You are the bird expert. Can you help us kill these gulls?'.During the breeding season, between April and June, they are very active at night and very noisy and people can't sleep.\"\nAlthough Dr Dominoni has only studied light pollution, other research concluded that robins living in noisy cities have started to sing at night to make themselves heard over loud noise.\nHowever, some birds thrive in noisy environments. A study from California Polytechnic University found more hummingbirds in areas with heavy industrial machinery. It is thought that they are capitalising on their predators fleeing to quieter areas.", "id": "high19215.txt"}