{"answers": ["C", "C"], "options": [["bridge cultural gaps existing between parents and teachers", "get students know that their teachers care about their parents", "get parents involved in their children's education", "help establish good relationships between parents and children"], ["parents have more opportunities to play with children.", "students can succeed more easily through their own efforts.", "teachers can learn more about how to help students.", "parents play a decisive role in children's education."]], "questions": ["Home visits by teachers can_.", "The effect of home visits is that  _  ."], "article": "Many schools have established successful home visit programs. Home visits by teachers let parents and children know how much teachers care. Also, it is a way for teachers to learn more about their students , get the parents to pay more attention to their children's education and bridge cultural gaps that might exist between students and teachers. Most teachers report that their home visits have a lasting effect on the child, the parents and on parent--teacher communication.\n   The Head Start program has used home visits for many years. Head Start teachers are required to make at least two home visits for each student, regardless of their ability, during each school year in addition to regular parent-teacher conferences at school. Many U.S. kindergartens also require home visits by teachers before school starts. \nThe visit approach varies from school to school and usually depends on the funding the source. In some schools, teachers prefer to visit in pairs. They feel more comfortable that way and sometimes need a translator in order to communicate with a child's parents. Other teachers visit one-on-one with parents. Some interact with both the child and the parent. Many teachers may bring along learning activities for the child that also involve the parents participation. Normally, visits can last from 30 to 90 minutes, depending on the teacher and the activities.\n When teachers get to know their students and their students' families, the parents become more active in their children's education. Home visits, not unnecessary as some people think, can give teachers the ideas they need to help all students succeed.", "id": "high19216.txt"}