{"answers": ["B", "C"], "options": [["ethos", "pathos", "logos", "strengths"], ["Argument-comparisons.", "Detail-example.", "Argument-example.", "General-detail."]], "questions": ["When a speaker tries to move people to tears, the tool of persuasion used by him is  _  .", "_  is used by the writer in developing the three tools of persuasion."], "article": "Persuasion is the art of convincing someone to agree with your point of view. According to the ancient Greek philosopher Aristotle, there are three basic tools of persuasion: ethos, pathos, and logos.\nEthos is a speaker's way of convincing people that she is an honest source. For example, a speaker can develop ethos by explaining how much experience or education she has in the field. After all, you would be more likely to listen to advice about how to take care of your teeth from a dentist than a firefighter. A speaker can also create ethos by convincing people that she is a good person who has their best interests at heart.\nPathos is a speaker's way of connecting with a listener's emotions. For example, a speaker trying to convince people to vote for him might say that he alone can save the country from a terrible war. These words are intended to fill them with fear, thus making them want to vote for him. Similarly, a charity organization that helps animals might show pictures of injured dogs and cats, intended to fill the viewers with pity. If they feel bad for the animals, they will be more likely to donate money.\nLogos is the use of facts, statistics, or other information to make your argument more convincing. An audience will be more likely to believe you if you have data to support your claims. For example, a commercial for soap might tell you that lab tests have shown that their soap kills all 7,000, 000 of the bacteria living on your hands right now. it is more convincing than simply saying \"our soap is the best!\" Use of logos can also increase a speaker's ethos.\nAlthough ethos, pathos, and logos all have their strengths, they are often most effective when they are used together. The next time you listen to a speech, watch a commercial, or listen to a friend trying to convince you to lend him some money, be on the lookout for these ancient Greek tools of persuasion.", "id": "high19229.txt"}