{"answers": ["C", "A", "D"], "options": [["aircraft production", "shipbuilding", "sales business", "defense industries"], ["temporary", "permanent", "frustrating", "highly paid"], ["their work was satisfying", "their work was worthwhile", "they should help the army", "they should take care of the family"]], "questions": ["Before World War II,women in the USA had jobs mostly related to_.", "When women were offered jobs in industries,they knew that their jobs would be   _", "When the war ended,media made women believe that_."], "article": "USA's participation in World WarIIbrought major changes to the lives of American women. Before the war,there had been a huge pool of female labour,consisting largely of young,single women. Many jobs were closed to them and they were effectively restrictetl to working in domestic service and selling-goods business. Wartime production requirements,however,combined with the loss of the men who entered the military,provided women with the opportunity to move into a far wider range of jobs.\n      The response to the US govemment's request for more women workers was amazing and the  changes marvelous.ln 1941,there were 14.6 million women workers; by 1944 the number had  grown to over 19.4 million. At one point during those wars,more than 50 percent of American women worked and by 1945 half of all women workers were over 35 years old.\n      Women were particularly active in the defense industries. Between 1940 and 1944 women working in enterprises that produced goods increased by 141 percent. In Detroit in 1943 ,'omenmade up 91 percent of the new hirings in 185 war plants. Over 10 percent of all shipbuilders were women. Most of these jobs came with a \"pink-slip\"  attached,as women understood that they would be dismissed when the men returned from the war. Women were also frustrated by unfair pay differentials,for men were paid more money for doing the same job. With the end of the war and armymen being sent home,women were released twice as fast as men. In 1945, three-quarters of the women in aircraft and shipbuilding were let go,and women in the car industry decreased from 25 percent t0 7 percent. Although women found their work satisfying and liberating,postwar publicity focused on women's duty to help the returning soldiers fit in with society by \"making him the man of the home again\". When the war ended,many women left work to take up the duties of homemaking and raising children.", "id": "high19220.txt"}