{"answers": ["C", "D", "A"], "options": [["was already very common in the Old Stone Age", "could be seen around Europe in the 14th century", "was recorded as a sport in China over 3,000 years ago", "disappeared from the Olympics after 1920 because of war"], ["It can not be seen nowadays any more.", "It is the oldest form of competitive archery.", "Arrows have to land on the centre of a target.", "Players should shoot at a target that lies down."], ["A brief history of competitive archery.", "Archery at the Olympic Games.", "Different styles of archery.", "How to do competitive archery."]], "questions": ["According to the text, archery   _  .", "What can we learn about clout shooting?", "What would be the best title for the text?"], "article": "Archery   is one of the oldest sports that are still beingpracticed today. The bow and arrow dates as far back as the Old StoneAge, and is the most widely used weapon in human history. While there is recorded evidence of archery competitions taking place in China more than 3,000 years ago, the modern sport of archery most likely originated in England during the 14th century.\nThen the sport began to develop fast and there were a few different styles of shooting, some of which developed into what we see today in the sport of archery.\nThere was clout shooting, in which arrows were held high into the air with the purpose of hitting a target which was laid flat, not vertical. The aim was to land the arrow as close to the target as possible. This variety of shooting is still practiced today, often with traditional bows.\n\"Roving marks\", another style, saw players shooting at a target, only to shoot at a new target from the location of the previous target. It is said that this is the oldest form of competitive archery, and was practiced by Henry VIII. Finally, there was butt   shooting, in which butts held targets, which the players would shoot at. This is the ancestor of modern-day Olympic target shooting.\nArchery was a part of the second Olympic Games, which was held in 1900. It was dropped after 1920, however, because rules varied too much between nations. Archery was brought back into the Olympics in 1972. This was after enough nations had formed archery governing bodies affiliated with the Federation Internationale de Tir l'Arc, which was founded in Paris in 1931, to standardize rules for international competitions.\nFrom its early history to modern times, archery has always been a competitive sport. Surely, many years from now archery will continue to be a popular sport reaching across age gaps and national borders, uniting archery lovers from all over the world.", "id": "high19238.txt"}