{"answers": ["A"], "options": [["prose", "poetry", "discussion papers", "essay"]], "questions": ["The genre  of this article is  _  ."], "article": "Some years ago I had a nephew  starting college. I decided to write him an email with some study advice. I just wrote about all of my study habits in college that got me earning A's in almost every class that I took. Since then I have forwarded that email to countless friends and  s with kids heading off to school.\nI decided to stop cutting and pasting emails and put this advice up on a website to make it easier to send on.\nInside this site are some very specific things that you can do to get an A in every college class. No magic. Just a set of college study methods and some common sense behaviors that when consistently followed will increase the likelihood of any student getting an A in any class in college.\nThe beauty is that this is simple, common sense stuff, but it works. For example, one plus one equals two.\nI believe that most anxiety issues are the result of poor performance, not the cause of it. When kids are successful in college, their stress and anxiety go down and they're happy, well-adjusted and enjoying the challenges that go along with it. They aren't looking for excuses for their failure and a reason to come home.\nThe practices you'll find in here include concrete, practical tips that anyone can apply. They will create successful, happy students who get good grades.\nThis isn't a site that you scan through. If you want to learn how to study in college properly, you need to put down the beer and dedicate the time to read it all from start to finish. Developing good study habits takes some time, but only a fraction of the time you'll waste struggling in a just a single class.\nMy intent is to help you make the transition to a successful, and less stressful, college experience. I include some specific, tangible study techniques and time management practices to get you doing things the right way fast. When you follow these methods, you'll have more time for the sports and parties, and you'll still get A's - I promise you that.", "id": "high19230.txt"}