{"answers": ["C", "B", "C"], "options": [["To treat the patients whose body organs don't work well.", "To examine the health condition of human organs.", "To make testing new drugs faster and cheaper.", ".To further study the function of human organs."], ["Its size is like a child's hand.", ".Cells in it can act like human organs", "It is first created by British scientists.", "Its function is more complete than computers."], ["It is necessary to test new drugs for safety.", "NCATS announced a new program of medicine.", ".Scientists design chips to act like human organs.", "Scientists develop an entire human organ system."]], "questions": ["Why are scientists designing silicon computer chips acting like human organs?", "What can we know about the silicon computer chip?", "What's the main idea ofthe passage?"], "article": "Testing new drugs for safety and effectiveness is a costly process in the United States. It also can take:lot of time. Some scientists are now designing silicon computer chips  that act like human organs. The scientists think they have found a way to make the process faster and more economical.\nThe silicon computer chips are smaller than a child's hand. Each one has living cells that act and react like a human organ. The chips are being created as part of a program to test the safety of drug compounds. It is called the Tissue Chip for Drug Screening Program.\nIt is a project of the US National Center for Advancing Tmnslational Sciences, or NCATS. Danilo Tagle is the center's Associate Director. He says a three-dimensional computer chip can be designed to act like a human lung.\nSome computer chips contain very small models of the human digestive system. They copy the real function or duties of the human stomach and intestine , moving when breaking down food.\nDrugs are added to the tiny organs for testing through instruments known as micro-tubes. Experiments with the tissue chips have produced more detailed information than tests using animal or cell models.\nNCATS just announced$17 million in grants to develop an entire human organ system over the next three years.", "id": "high19237.txt"}