{"answers": ["B", "D", "D"], "options": [["you are glad to share the room with him or her", "you will live with him or her in the same room for some time", "you will ask him or her for help in the future", "strangers are very difficult to deal with"], ["To stay silent when there are disagreements.", "To spend more time doing things together with your roommate.", "To have the same hobbies and living habits with your roommate.", "To talk with your roommate in advance about possible future problems."], ["It is really a worrying thing to have a roommate.", "It is difficult to get along well with a roommate.", "It is your duty to help your roommate in his or her daily life.", "It is very important for you and your roommate to understand each other."]], "questions": ["You should try to be polite to your roommate because  _  .", "Which of the following is the best way to get along well with your roommate?", "Which of the following is TRUE according to this passage?"], "article": "Starting college can be a difficult experience. You have to deal with new responsibilities and growing independence, a challenging course load and, of course, the social scene. When a roommate is thrown into the mix, it may feel like you're struggling with all that stuff while living in a small box with a stranger.\nBut having a roommate doesn't need to be one more thing to worry about. When students go into their living situations with realistic expectations and a willingness to compromise, things can work out just fine.\nWhen you first meet your roommate, chances are you'll be on your best behaviour. You want to get along, since this is the person who's going to be sharing your living space for the next year. But try to think ahead to potential   worst cases, too.\nFor example, imagine it's 2 a.m. and you're working on a paper that should be finished in 8 hours. Your roommate comes in from a party and wants to continue the party in your room.\nAt times like these, you won't be feeling good. That's why talking about problems that might come up ahead of time -- and respecting each other's wishes when the time comes -- is so important.\nTalk about the things that are really important to you, and make sure your roommate understands. Then encourage him or her to do the same.\nFor example, does it make you angry when people take things without asking first? Let your roommate know your feelings about these types of things from the start, so that both of you have a feel for each other's likes, dislikes, and habits.", "id": "high1924.txt"}