{"answers": ["C", "B", "D", "A"], "options": [["He is blind.", "He isn't smart enough.", "He suffers a muscles' disease.", "He can't speak and read."], ["his parents are rich", "his parents love and encourage him", "his disability is not serious", "the author feels sympathy for him"], ["light-hearted", "doubtful", "cautious", "heart-broken"], ["A writer.", "A teacher.", "A doctor.", "A lawyer."]], "questions": ["What is Matt's problem?", "Compared with Anne, Matt is lucky because", "Hearing her father's words, Anne felt   _", "What does the author probably do?"], "article": "Before I spoke to his school, Matt was waiting for me. He sat in his wheelchair barely able to move. As soon as he saw me he started smiling. He could not talk but I pretended the sharks were eating his cereal and his laugh melted the hearts of everyone walking by.\nOne of the teachers told me that he was actually very smart, he just could not control his muscles due to a childhood disease. He was happy and very popular at his school-his'parents' love and encouragement made all the difference. On the contrary--at a book signing session, I met a girl by the name of Anne. She walked up with her mom with a bright smile. Anne asked about my book with a slur  in her speech indicating a slight head-injury. I told her about it and she smiled the whole time and asked me to sign one for her.  I did.\nFive minutes later, I heard a voice from Anne's father, \"you know you will not understand the book. You can't read well enough. You aren't smart enough.\" He said it so loudly that people were staring in their direction. She was  ly crushed and her bright smile was now replaced with a look of total despair. He pried the book from her and brought it back to me and asked me to take it back. I asked him if he would allow me to purchase the book for Anne.  He said no with a heartless response. I thought back to Matt. He could not speak, walk, run or play but was actually very happy and even doing well in school because of the love and encouragement of his parents.  Anne on the other hand had a slight learning problem and may never know happiness of success because of a stern  father.\nWhat kind of parent are you? The truth is that whatever you are telling your kids-makes the difference between their success or failure in life.", "id": "high19246.txt"}