{"answers": ["C", "D", "B", "A"], "options": [["provide examples of how animals deal with unexpected injury", "show how scientists get inspiration from dogs to develop technology", "introduce the topic in a more attractive way", "suggest that scientists shouldn't ignore the similarity between dogs and robots."], ["play chess or clean the house", "be sent on a mission to explore on the Mars", "help people in search and rescue operations following an earthquake", "examine the wreckage of a nuclear accident"], ["They want to succeed in programming robots with child-like curiosity.", "They expect to enable robots to continue working despite injury under difficult conditions.", "They intend to make robots which can be sent to a lot of places said to be unsafe.", "They are determined to design a more powerful robot for Mars exploration."], ["rely on their functions to figure out a way to handle the emergency.", "figure out the best way to get around in a short time", "spend about a second finding a way to overcome damage", "maintain their child-like curiosity and keep asking people around for solutions"]], "questions": ["At the beginning of the passage, the writer mentions dogs to   _  .", "According to the passage, nowadays robots can't   _  .", "Why are Mr.Clune and other scientists devoted to developing the technology?", "Now scientists have developed robots that, once damaged, can   _  ."], "article": "When a dog loses a leg, the animal eventually figures out the best way to get around on three legs. In a short time, the dog learns to deal with its physical disability.\nNow, scientists have developed robots that behave in much the same way.\nWe can find robots everywhere. Robots build cars, play chess and can clean your house. They may someday drive your car, too.\nTwo robots, named Spirit and Opportunity, were sent to Mars on a mission to explore the red planet.\nJeff Clune is a computer scientist with the University of Wyoming. He says robots also help people in natural disasters.\nRobots are deployed in search and rescue operations following an earthquake. They may someday also be used to examine the wreckage of a nuclear accident, like the one in Fukushima, Japan.\nMr. Clune says robots can be sent to a lot of places said to be unsafe.\n\"The problem is that all of those types of situations and environment are extremely unpredictable and dangerous. And it is very likely that robots and humans in those situations become damaged.\"\nHe and other scientists are developing technology so that robots will continue operating after the first sign of injury. They want the machines to have the ability to make changes and continue performing until they can be repaired.\nMr. Clune and researchers in France have added one more operation to the skill set of robots working under difficult conditions. They say they programmed a hexapod robot, one with six legs, and a robotic arm to learn how to deal with injury. Their findings were reported in the journal \"Nature\".\nMr. Clune said that once the robots become damaged, they use their intuition and knowledge of how their body works to find a way to deal with the damage.\nHe says the robots are also programmed with child-like curiosity. In other words, they are always asking questions and looking for answers. The whole process takes about a minute for the robots to find a way to overcome damage.", "id": "high19259.txt"}