{"answers": ["B", "D", "B", "D", "D"], "options": [["searching for the newest app and install them to their tablets or smart phones.", "developing their social skills by having some online conversations.", "playing games live with people from other places", "releasing some new information about their status on social media"], ["enriches", "saves", "adjusts", "ruins"], ["In Asian countries", "In the US", "In Japan", "In China"], ["Because he wanted to encourage his students to have a good knowledge of computer.", "Because he wanted them to learn more about body language and facial expressions.", "Because he was pushed by many worried parents.", "Because he hoped to transfer children's attention to something meaningful."], ["The headmaster thinks that children shouldn't touch computer until they are old enough.", "Children welcome the movement as they will have more time to engage in more activities.", "Parents believe that the movements are very effective in the long run.", "It is hoped that kids may give thoughts to their ways of spending time."]], "questions": ["According to the passage, children are hooked on computers because they can do the following things except   _  .", "Which of the following words can replace the word \"erodes\" in Para 2?", "According to the article, where else can you find digital detox movements?", "Why did the headmaster challenge his students to take part in digital detox?", "Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage?"], "article": "Children are hooked on computers. Some spend up to six hours a day on their gadgets. They can be playing games live with others elsewhere in the world, updating their status on social media, texting friends or looking for the latest app to download to their tablets or smart phones.\nThis worried Martin Strott, headmaster of the Old Hall School in Wellington, in the west of England. He was so concerned that he challenged his students to take part in a week of 'digital detox'. Strott told the local newspaper, the Shropshire Star, that he encourages the pupils to have a good knowledge of the computer from a young age, but is concerned that too much screen time will affect the development of their social skills. He said that this over-reliance on digital devices \"erodes family time and they're missing out on messages from body language and facial expressions from those around them\".\nAccording to the headmaster, the parents are happy with the movement. But what about the children? Nine-year-old Fred usually spends around two hours on his gadgets at home after school and around 12 hours on weekends. For him, the digital detox experience was \"really hard\". Fred spent it playing outside, especially basketball. He said that he'll probably engage in different activities from now on but he did miss his phone and online games.\nThe idea of keeping children away from their tech for a while to prevent 'addiction' is not particularly new. There have been similar movements in the US. But are they effective in the long run? Well, even if kids go back to their gadgets, the hope is that at least they'll think about how they use their time.\nWhat about you: do you spend too many hours hooked on your digital devices?", "id": "high19258.txt"}