{"answers": ["C", "D"], "options": [["Building codes make a difference in preventing property destruction.", "If people take shelter in safe rooms, nobody will die.", "It is urgent to build tornado safe rooms.", "Safe rooms can be built only underground."], ["Moore has gone through tornado 4 times in total.", "Chapman Henderson is Moore's mayor.", "Monday's tornado took 24 lives at two schools.", "The Moore's proposal might not be approved."]], "questions": ["According to Chapman Henderson, which of the following does she probably agree with?", "What can we infer from the text?"], "article": "The ruins of Moore, Oklahoma, a town destructed for the fourth time in 14 years by a major tornado , are a reminder that current building codes  can't do much to prevent property destruction and loss of life, especially when a powerful tornado cuts through town. But the total death number can be reduced when people take shelter in underground storm bunkers and hardened safe rooms.\nThe tornado that carved a path of destruction through Moore took 24 lives. Its winds were clocked at 400 kilometers per hour. With only 15 minutes' warning, residents fled town or took refuge in the firmest corners of their homes. The luckiest were able to climb into shelters or move to safe rooms. \nIn Moore those rooms saved lives. But at two schools destroyed by Monday's tornado, no such shelter was available. Leslie Chapman Henderson is CEO of a non-profit group called the Federal Alliance for Safe Homes. She's an advocate for tornado safe rooms.  \n\"The safe room is an interior room of the home that has been reinforced and tested to withstand high wind. In fact, we've already heard of stories of survival of people who were in safe rooms, either above or below ground,\" she said. \nBetter storm forecasts give people more time to react. But they need someplace safe to go. Buildings can be built to resist strong winds, but not like those in the F-5 tornado that touched down in Moore. Chapman Henderson says even the building codes that do exist are not widely adopted or enforced. \nAs its residents prepare to rebuild, Moore's mayor is pushing for an order to make safe rooms compulsory in all new construction. Similar proposals were made following each of the previous tornado strikes, but none were adopted.", "id": "high19251.txt"}