{"answers": ["C", "A", "D", "D"], "options": [["a sports report", "a fashion journal", "a health and fitness magazine", "an advertisement post"], ["gain more weight", "have more time to move around", "work a full time job", "keep a balanced diet"], ["Lacking time for food preparation.", "Using more prepared food.", "Consuming too much alcohol.", "Taking part in more activities."], ["Less activity leads to fat.", "Ways of gaining weight.", "Effects of weight gaining.", "Working women more likely pile on pounds."]], "questions": ["The text above is probably taken from   _  .", "A woman who works as an accountant is more likely to   _  .", "Which is NOT the cause of working women weight gaining according to the passage?", "What can be a suitable title for the test?"], "article": "Working women make up nearly half of the U.S. workforce, and 51 percent of professional workers, like doctors, lawyers, nurses and accountants, are female. While climbing the career ladder can be rewarding, it often comes with one big downside: weight gain!\nNew research published this week in the International Journal of Obesity shows that working women are more likely to be overweight, and the more you work, the more pounds you're likely to pile on. Like many women, I work... a lot! As a self-employed nutrition communications specialist, I sit at my desk, in front of a computer, for hours on end. Sitting alone is one of the worst things you can do for your health, and it's directly linked to being overweight and increased fatness, so the fact that women in the workforce gain weight isn't that surprising. If you work, you have less time to move around. Obesity researchers are revealing many other ways that employment is harmful to your diet and waistline.\nIn the International Journal of Obesity study, some 9,276 Australian women aged 45-50 had their body weight and employment status monitored for two years. Results? Those who worked more than 35 hours were likely to gain weight compared to those who worked fewer hours or were out of the workforce. What's more, the more hours a woman worked in a week, the more weight she gained. \nThe authors of the Australian study attribute weight gain among working women to inactivity, lack of time for food preparation, more use of prepared foods, high levels of stress, lack of sleep and consuming more alcohol. I'll also add in travel, meals eaten out and working at night as other factors that I can find to make balancing work with a healthy diet a challenge.", "id": "high19262.txt"}