{"answers": ["B", "C", "D"], "options": [["Skilled workers.", "Highly trained professionals.", "Ordinary engineers.", "Government officials."], ["to have had effects on social economy", "to cause mass employment", "to develop in the future", "to have good effects on social organizations"], ["we have lost control of it", "no laws can forbid its development", "engines can strengthen our muscles", "it can be and has been put to good use"]], "questions": ["Which kind of the following persons will be the first to be employed if computers continue to develop?", "In the article, the author believed that computers will continue  _  .", "The article suggests that the computer will continue to grow because  _  ."], "article": "We have recently heard a great deal about the effects of computers on our social and economic organizations. In industry, computers mean automation , and automation means unemployment. Computers in the prefix = st1 /United Stateshave already begun to take the place of workers whose tasks are simple. The variety of jobs, done only by humans in the past, which the machine can perform more rapidly, accurately and economically, increases with each new generation of computers. If we follow this trend, we will be faced with mass unemployment for all but a handful of highly trained professionals who will be more powerful and overworked than they are now.\nWhat can we do about it? It is foolish to dream of making history backwards. We cannot pass laws forbidding the advancement of science and technology. The computing machines are here, and they will grow because engineers want to build them, and politicians want their help in the process of government. In short they will develop and become popular because they enable us to complete tasks that could never before have been done, no matter how many unskilled laborers we might have set to work. Computers will continue to increase our intelligence for just the same reason that engines continue to strengthen our muscles. The question we must ask is not whether we shall have computers or not have computers, but rather, since we are going to have them, how we make the most humane and intelligent use of them.", "id": "high19275.txt"}