{"answers": ["D", "C", "A", "B", "A"], "options": [["Trips for mother and daughter.", "A daughter's attachment to her mother.", "Suitable books for mother and daughter.", "Activities for the bonding between mother and daughter."], ["costs a large amount of money", "is only suitable for a long journey", "can be a short overnight trip", "is not necessary to be arranged in advance"], ["give the daughter a surprise", "prevent other siblings knowing the trip", "choose the place the mother likes more", "avoid making the daughter have trouble planning"], ["Pay for anything her mother bought.", "Show gratitude to her mother.", "Invite others to join them.", "Praise her mother now and then."], ["had better spend some time alone", "needn't share likes and dislikes", "shouldn't spend too much time in a hotel", "should spend much time and money on shopping"]], "questions": ["What is the passage mainly about?", "According to the passage, an excursion     .", "A mother is advised to plan a trip without telling her daughter probably to     .", "What should a daughter do when being out with her mother?", "According to the passage, mother and daughter     ."], "article": "Normally and naturally, a daughter is more attached to her mother in comparison to her father or other siblings  . The attachment is also due to the fact that the daughter finds it easier to believe in the mother on personal and biological matters at different stages while growing up.\n The bonding   between mother and daughter will increase with their being together and going out on excursions. An excursion is a journey to some far-off place undertaken by people. It is not necessary that such a trip be taken on a lavish   scale involving lots of money. It can be as short as an overnight trip to some place to improve bonding.\n To surprise her daughter with an unexpected excursion, mother can plan a trip to some local spa without the knowledge of her daughter. She can be ready with baggage packed and wait for the moment the daughter comes back from school. Once in the hotel they can enjoy the night together getting refreshing treatments like massage or mud packs. After relaxing spa they can laze in bed, enjoying favourite food or drink and if possible enjoying nature through the window. After a long period of relaxation, going out for a walk together will improve bonding.\n Going out overnight to enjoy walk at the beach, and relaxing at intervals without the interference of any other person can be a great idea of bonding. Being of the same sex, and often having the same set of likes and dislikes, they can spend time on makeup or applying nail polish. The daughter should never forget to thank the mother for the wonderful time they spent together, and the mother should never hesitate to say a few words of praise to the daughter.\n Going out for shopping together is a good bonding idea too. It is not essential that lots of money should be spent on shopping. The mother can take the daughter to some shops where she can buy her uniform or some other things. They can jointly enjoy window shopping, expressing love and gratitude for the other.", "id": "high19280.txt"}