{"answers": ["C", "B", "D", "A"], "options": [["she enjoyed camping.", "she wanted to go fishing.", "she was influenced by her brother.", "she was tired of staying home."], ["hiked along the lake.", "dried out her belongings.", "climbed the mountain.", "caught the fish for dinner."], ["she could not afford to buy a regular fishing pole.", "she needed it to get their food.", "she thought the writer of the journal might need it.", "she expected to go fishing while they were hiking."], ["go on another camping trip.", "invite Carol to go fishing together.", "make her brother buy her something.", "persuade her brother to go camping."]], "questions": ["The writer went on this camping trip because   _  .", "The whole morning of Tuesday, the writer   _  .", "It can be inferred that Carol had a pack rod with her because   _  .", "It is likely that the writer will   _  ."], "article": "Monday: Here I am, in the middle of nowhere. This camping trip idea is not getting off to a very good start. It's raining and the tent leaks  . The hiking seemed to take forever, and I still can't understand how it could all have been up hill! How did I ever let my brother persuade me into doing this? When we get home--if we ever get home--he's going to have to do something great to get back on my good side. Maybe he should sponsor   a shopping spree at the mall!\nTuesday: Things are looking up. The sun came out today, so we were able to leave the tents and dry out. We're camped at the edge of a small lake that I couldn't see before because of the rain and fog. The mountains are all around us, and the forest is absolutely beautiful. We spent most of the day dragging out everything out of our backpacks or tents and putting it where the sun could dry it out. Later in the afternoon we tried to catch the fish for dinner, but the fish were smarter than we were. At night we built a fire and sang songs happily.\nWednesday: We hiked to the far side of the lake and climbed to the top of a small peak. From there we could see how high the other mountains were and how far the forest spread around us. On the way up we passed through a snowfield!\nThursday: I caught my first fish! We followed the stream that fed the lake. After about two miles, we came to a section   that Carol said looked \"fishy\". She had a pack rod   , which can be carried in a backpack. I asked to cast   it, and I caught a fish on my first try. Carol caught a few more. But they were just too pretty to eat for lunch, so we put them back in the stream.\nFriday: I can't believe we are going home already. It will be nice to get a hot shower, sleep in a real bed, and eat junk food, but the trip has been wonderful. We're already talking about another camping adventure next year where we canoe   down a river. It's hard to believe, but I think this city girl has a little country blood in her veins.", "id": "high1928.txt"}