{"answers": ["B", "C", "D", "C"], "options": [["The City of Angels.", "Zurich.", "Yellowstone.", "Prague."], ["Santa Monica Beach.", "The heavy traffic on the \"101\".", "The thick smoke and fog over it.", "The lively West Hollywood club."], ["a nice beach", "color1ful nightlife", "a lot of music clubs", "many ancient buildings"], ["have a swim in its lakes", "find all kinds of sea animals", "enjoy natural beauty and animals", "walk on the wide meadows at night"]], "questions": ["Which of the following places could be most suitable for the winter sports lovers?", "What prevents you from enjoying the sunset in the city of Angles?", "Unlike the City of Angels, Puerto Rico has     .", "While in Yellowstone tourists can     ."], "article": "World's Best Places to Visit\nWe hope the following places can help you choose where to go on your next vacation.\nZurich \n From swimming in Lake Zurich in summer to skiing the Alps in winter, Zurich attracts visitors year-round. As a fairytale city, Zurich is set on the banks of both a river and a lake, with the snow-topped Swiss Alps rising in the background. Clean cobblestone streets hug a hilly land and medieval   church tops reach heavenward. Despite its reputation for being the center of old-school international banking and a capital for chocolate, Zurich is also a very modern city that chooses to enjoy life at an unhurried pace. Travelers desiring a real experience should strive to do the same.\nThe City of Angels\n The City of Angels, the Entertainment Capital of the World--Los Angeles needs no introduction. But its notoriety   both helps and hurts its reputation. The traffic on the \"101\" will tire you out just as much as an evening at a lively West Hollywood club. And your dislike at the thick smog over the city will ruin your enjoyment of a sunset overlooking Santa Monica Beach. To appreciate Los Angeles, visit the area more than once and get advice from locals.\nPrague \n A prosperous and busy city, Prague now attracts more tourists than ever. But its picturesque downtown veils   both a dark legacy and a resilient   past; in its 1,100 years, Prague has survived numerous overthrows, invasions, fires and floods. It's this reputation for survival and perseverance that has made the Czech capital so fascinating. Today, its storied churches, narrow streets, hilltop castle and statue-lined bridges create the scene of an urban fairy tale. Even the most tired traveler would have trouble resisting this city's charms.\nPuerto Rico \n Pick a vacation experience you're looking for, and Puerto Rico can help. Puerto Rico is an old town with a lot of historic architecture and cobblestone streets. Look no further than Old San Juan and its El Morro fortress.Consider the bioluminescent   bays of Culebra and Vieques. Puerto Rico is a global destination with high-end shopping and exciting nightlife.\nYellowstone \n More than 3,000 square miles of nature's finest canyons, hot springs and rocky cliffs are an easy sell for outdoors enthusiasts. Geothermic   wonders like the Mammoth Hot Springs, Old Faithful and Yellowstone Lake are not to be missed at this national park. With dramatic peaks and lakes, Yellowstone is an outdoor enthusiast's paradise. Multicolor1ed pools go around hot springs; green forests weave past wide meadows; and hot springs launch streams of steaming water toward the sky. With so much unspoiled natural beauty, there's no doubt that the park is indeed extraordinary. While you go across the park's 3,000-plus square miles of mountains, canyons, and waterfalls, be prepared to share the trails with permanent residents like buffalo, elk and sometimes even grizzlies.", "id": "high19281.txt"}