{"answers": ["A", "C", "A", "C", "B"], "options": [["from May 1 to 10", "from May 4 to 22", "from June 29 to July 9", "from September 9 to 16"], ["Listen to Dixieland and blues.", "Have a taste of Canadian wines.", "Have a test of their driving skills.", "Enjoy themselves at a flower show."], ["the Canadian Tulip Festival", "the International Jazz Festival", "the Newfoundland Targa Rally", "the Okanagan Spring Wine Festival"], ["the cruelty of World WarII", "the wisdom of Canadian soldiers", "the origin of the Canadian Tulip Festival", "the popularity of the Canadian Tulip Festival"], ["the geography of Canada", "popular events in Canada", "historical events of Canada", "traditional cultures in Canada"]], "questions": ["Wine lovers can enjoy themselves     .", "What can people do at the Newfoundland Targa Rally?", "On May 10th, music lovers may go to     .", "Holland is mentioned in the passage to show     .", "The passage is most probably talking about     ."], "article": "Planning your to-do list for the coming year? To help you out, we've collected our favorite must-see events across Canada. Ready, go!\nRed or white?\nEvery spring wine growers get together to celebrate the beginning of another grape-growing season at the Okanagan Spring Wine Festival. The best time to visit the Okanagan is usually from May 1 to 10. The festival allows visitors to taste the best wines in Canada together with unique dishes representing the latest developments in local cuisine.\nThe jazz festival\nMontreal's downtown comes alive every summer during the International Jazz Festival.\nThe Festival International de Jazz de Montreal is an annual jazz festival held in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. The Montreal Jazz Fest held the 2004 Guinness World Record as the world's largest jazz festival. This year the event is scheduled to run from June 29 to July 9. Stages replace cars along busy streets. With a host of free outdoor shows, you'll be snapping your fingers to anything from Dixieland to blues, African beats to modern trip-hop, and everything in between.\nAre you ready?\nJust head east to the Newfoundland Targa Rally, which runs from September 9 to 16 this year. The 2,200-kilometre race dashes across the eastern and central parts of the province, and is the largest race of its kind in North America. On these sections you race against the clock rather than other competitors. This is a great chance to test your car's limits and your skills.\nHello spring!\nIn 1945, thousands of tulip bulbs gifts from Holland, were planted on Ottawa's Parliament Hill, Canada. These gifts were a thank-you to Canadian soldiers who helped set Holland free in World WarII. Since then, the capital has become home to the Canadian Tulip Festival. From May 4 to 22, Ottawa and Gatineau (a city of southwest Quebec) will be covered with beautiful flowers. Besides three million tulips, visitors can also attend concerts, featuring some of Canada's brightest musical stars.", "id": "high19298.txt"}