{"answers": ["A", "C", "B", "D"], "options": [["A grandmother.", "A grandfather.", "A father.", "A mother."], ["they learn a lesson from a fight with others.", "they know how to calculate with computers.", "they get on well with family members..", "they burn their hand on the stove and stick their tongue on a frozen flagpole."], ["often fight with others", "are to develop good qualities", "always keep their grandpa company", "score high in the exam"], ["To show the boys it's not easy growing up.", "To teach the boys dos and don'ts on the way growing up.", "To help the boys to avoid making mistakes on the way growing up.", "To encourage the boys to fully experience life on the way growing up."]], "questions": ["Who wrote the letter?", "What does the author hope for the boys?", "It can be inferred from the text that the boys   _  .", "Why does the author write the letter?"], "article": "We tried so hard to make things better for our kids but we made them worse. For my naughty boys, I'd know better. I'd really like for them to know about hand-me-down clothes and home-made ice cream and leftover meatloaf. I really would.\nMy cherished boys, I hope you learn humility   by surviving failure and that you learn to be honest even when no one is looking. I hope you get a black eye fighting for something you believe in. I hope you have to share a bedroom with your younger brother. And it is all right to draw a line down the middle of the room, but when he wants to crawl   under the covers   with you because he's scared, I hope you'll let him. And when you want to see a Disney movie and your kid brother wants to tag along, I hope you take him.\nI hope you have to walk uphill with your friends and that you live in a town where you can do it safely. I hope you learn to dig in the dirt and read books, and when you learn to use computers, you also learn how to add and subtract   in your head.\nMay you skin your knee climbing a mountain, burn your hand on the stove and stick your tongue on a frozen flagpole  . I hope you get sick when someone blows smoke in your face. I don't care if you try beer once, but I hope you won't like it.\nI sure hope you make time to sit on a porch with your grandpa or go fishing with your uncle.\nI hope your father punishes you when you throw a baseball through a neighbor's window, and that your mother hugs you and kisses you when you give her a plaster of pared mold   of your hand.\nThese things I wish for you--tough times and disappointment, hard work and happiness.", "id": "high1929.txt"}