{"answers": ["C", "A", "B", "D", "B"], "options": [["seek food", "keep organized", "lay eggs", "keep guard"], ["how ants survive", "how ants communicate", "how ants live together", "that ants have a strict division of labour"], ["Ants know the way to keep a good figure.", "Ants know the way to join together tightly.", "Ants know the way to get along with each other.", "Ants know the way to form a harmonious society."], ["To stress their importance.", "To protect the smaller ants.", "To attract their enemies.", "To save their ant societies."], ["How ants work in their societies.", "How ants choose their leader.", "How ants memorize the dead.", "How ants escape from the flood."]], "questions": ["The duty of the queen ants is to     .", "The author takes fire ants as an example to tell us     .", "What can we know from what David Hu said?", "Why did the larger ants serve in central positions in their ant rafts?", "What will probably be talked about in the following part?"], "article": "Scientists have always been interested in the high level of organization in ant societies. American researchers have watched ants build life-saving rafts to keep afloat during floods. They also have documented how ant colonies choose their next queen--the female whose job is to produce eggs rather than seek food for others.\nNew technology is helping to improve researchers' understanding of the insects. But there is still a lot to be learned.\nFire ants living in Brazilian forests are perfectly at home in an environment where flooding is common. To save themselves, the insects connect their legs together and create floating rafts. Some ant rafts can be up to 20 centimeters wide.\nDavid Hu who is a mechanical engineer with the Georgia Institute of Technology, also known as Georgia Tech, says, \"If you have 100 ants, which means 600 legs, 99 percent of those legs will be connected to a neighbor. So they're very, very good at maintaining this network.\"\nDavid Hu and other Georgia Tech researchers want to study ants and the secret of their engineering. They freeze ant rafts and then look at them with the help of computed technology, or CT, images. The pictures show that larger ants serve in central positions to which smaller ants hold. The larger ants form pockets of air that keep the insects afloat.\nScientists say small robots or materials that can change shape could be programmed in a similar way, working towards a shared goal.\nResearchers at North Carolina State University are also studying ants. They examined how Indian jumping ants choose the leader of the colony when they lose their top female or queen.", "id": "high19300.txt"}