{"answers": ["A", "B", "C"], "options": [["Job opportunities.", "Financial support.", "Work training.", "Child care."], ["emphasis Michelle Obama's being generous", "tell readers that Goodwill gets a lot of attention", "illustrate the achievements that Goodwill has made", "inform readers of the difficulty that Goodwill met"], ["They both provided retired soldiers with a career assessment.", "They both provided retired soldiers with certain services.", "They both provided Goodwill plans with some money.", "They both provided them with a personal development plan."]], "questions": ["Which of the following services is offered by Goodwill to retired soldiers and military family members?", "Michelle Obama is mentioned in the text to     .", "What does the Bank of America Charitable Foundation have in common with the Walmart Foundation?"], "article": "Goodwill welcomes the proven talent of retired soldiers and military family members to its workforce. As Goodwill expands its social enterprise and life-changing mission services, America's heroes and their families are helping us strengthen communities. Goodwill is uniquely intended to connect retired soldiers and military family members with their next careers. Goodwill links retired soldiers and their families with a broad array of career and financial fitness services as they transition from the military into hometowns and careers across the country. Services include but are not limited to financial education, housing assistance, primary health care, meal service, transportation, and connection to rehabilitation services  . \nIn 2011, First Lady Michelle Obama and Dr Jill Biden carried out the Joining Forces plan to connect service men and women retired soldiers and their husbands or wives with the resources they need to find jobs. In April of that year, Goodwill set a new plan going, Goodwill for America's Heroes and Their Families, to expand its face-to-face career and family strengthening services. From April 2011 through March 2013, Goodwill has employed 1,856 retired soldiers and their families, and provided services to 99,386 retired soldiers and their families. And our commitment continues. \nWith the support of the Bank of America Charitable Foundation, Goodwill launched Vested in Retired Soldiers in the communities of Atlanta, Houston, Los Angeles and San Antonio to help military retired soldiers and their families connect with the education, training and support services they need to succeed on the homefront. Goodwill also launched an initiative known as Operation: GoodJobs, as funded by the Walmart Foundation, which provides a complete career assessment and an individualized development plan that include a range of family needs, from basic needs like nutrition, shelter and child care, to specific job training identified in the assessment process for participants and their families. The initiative currently exists in Austin, Houston and Tacoma, and will add additional markets in 2014.", "id": "high19302.txt"}