{"answers": ["C", "D", "D", "C", "B"], "options": [["Only the management staff of the company.", "Employees who had previously received a warning.", "All staff members in the company.", "The managers who wrote the policy."], ["Most of the employees are against the rules.", "Many workers have already been punished.", "The management staff are doing a poor job.", "A lot of paper has been wasted."], ["One day.", "Two days.", "Three days.", "Four days."], ["Each employee's usage will be recorded.", "Permission is required for making a large number of copies.", "Employees who receive a warning will automatically be let go.", "Anyone caught wasting copy paper will be investigated."], ["A suspension without pay.", "Dismissal from the company.", "A pay cut.", "Being accused."]], "questions": ["For whom is the notice intended?", "What can be inferred from the notice?", "How many days did it take to write up the new policy?", "Which of the following is NOT part of the new printing rule?", "What would be the worst outcome of a meeting between the manager and the general manager?"], "article": "Last year, the management set up new rules to encourage employees to cut down on unnecessary printing fees. However, there has been a rash of   abuses of the printing policy. Therefore, in order to control the cost, the management has decided to put forward more stringent   regulations that are required to be followed by everyone, including the management.\nStarting today, the management staff will meet to discuss and begin drafting up the new policy. We will post new rules outlining the new printing policy as soon as it becomes available. Once it is completed, please read it carefully. Anyone in violation   of the new rules will be considered behaving in a disorderly manner and will be punished accordingly.\nYour cooperation and self-discipline is highly requested. Thank you.\nThe Management Team\n2014.8.14\nNEW PRINTING POLICY\nEffective as of 08/18/2014\nDue to the fact that our costs have far exceeded our budget, we had to get to the root of the problem. Shockingly, most of our costs came from printing. A further, detailed look made us realize that too many of our 1,000 employees were wasting paper by making unnecessary copies. This, of course, has increased our paper usage, but it has also resulted in our using more of the very expensive ink cartridges   as well as the repair work that has followed. Over the past month, this has occurred at a rate that is not acceptable. Therefore, the following rules will go into effect immediately starting tomorrow for everyone in all departments. This problem is serious, so anyone caught in violation of the rules below will be punished, suspended, or even dismissed. Your full cooperation is requested.\n(1)All departments will be assigned an access card. It will record the date and time to keep track of the number of copies your department staff makes. Managers in each department are responsible for keeping track of who uses the card by keeping a record book.\n(2)For bulk copies over 100, you must get advance approval from your department head.\n(3)Any department believed to be making unnecessary copies will be approached. Upon investigation, a warning may result in the person being accused.\n(4)A second warning may result in suspension without pay or, in this worst case, being dismissed from your position.\n(5)Each department may pick up an access card from the reception desk after filling out a form.\n*With second warning, your manager and the general manager will meet to discuss the proper handling of the situation.", "id": "high19301.txt"}