{"answers": ["B", "C", "D", "B"], "options": [["she was attracted by the beauty and peace right away", "she was not accustomed to the new surroundings", "she was in conflict with her step-father about farming", "she was eager to get part-time jobs to make money"], ["Stubborn but responsible.", "Helpful and confident.", "Considerate and hardworking.", "Honest and kind-hearted."], ["Some raccoons made the corn a total crop failure.", "The corn were planted three times in total.", "The corn in fact was sowed earlier than expected.", "The rain prevented the first corn from growing."], ["To show that she was more excellent than her friends.", "To share with readers being her own boss.", "To tell readers it was hard to live on a farm.", "To show she was actually expert in farming and managing."]], "questions": ["After the author settled down on the farm     .", "How did the author describe his step-father?", "What happened to the first batch of sweet corn?", "Why does the author write the text?"], "article": "Growing up in town, I classified myself as a \"city girl.\" I had very little knowledge about farming and rural areas, but all of that changed six years ago when my mother and stepfather married and we moved to my stepfather's farm. Surrounded by cows and cornfields, I was unsure of what to do. However, I did enjoy the beauty and peace of the countryside.\nOn the farm, I helped with odd jobs like feeding cows. When I was old enough to get a real summer job, my step-father said I could choose between two options--getting a job at our local Dairy Queen or selling produce that I grew on our farm. While I came up with a short list of pros   for working at the fast food restaurant, I found more advantages to selling produce. Yet I realized the numerous disadvantages to selling produce: responsibility for the success or failure of the operation, early mornings, and long days. At last, I decided to start my own farming business.\nMy stepfather and I began planning in March. Together we chose three varieties of seeds, prepared the land, and planted the first batch   of sweet corn at the end of April. Throughout the spring, my stepfather continued to plant sweet corn every two weeks as I rode in the tractor with him.\nThe sweet corn needs taking great care while growing. As the corn was putting forth ears, we applied fertilizer and sprayed pesticide to prevent worms. I watched them grow taller and taller, dreaming about the money I would soon make. We planned to harvest and sell the corn at our local farmer's market. It sounded easy and looked good on paper, but it worked out a little differently.\nNonstop rain delayed the harvest by a week or so. When my sweet corn was finally ready to pick, I found that a pack of raccoons   had visited the field at night, ruining about half of it. We picked what was still good and prepared for market.\nThis was it--my first day at market! I was excited to see my hard work finally pay off. I loaded my materials into the pickup truck and arrived early at the farmer's market to find a good spot. There were many customers and several other tradesmen. Probably because I was young and new, potential customers would look at me and smile, then head straight to my competitor, Mrs Cates, who had been in the market for years and had an established following. At the end of the first day, about half of my corn was left, so I donated it to a local homeless shelter and went home disappointed.\nSoon I noticed that Mrs Cates and her crew did not arrive at the farmer's market until about 11 am. So I decided to show up an hour earlier. This meant that we had to start picking corn at 6 am, no easy task with teenage workers. But the effort paid off; I was selling half of my corn before Mrs Cates arrived and most of it by the end of the day.\nAlthough the farmer's market was only open three days a week, the corn needed to be picked and sold daily because it would not keep. On days the farmer's market was not open, I developed a marketing plan that included sending e-mails to family and friends. I also went to local businesses to sell corn and distribute business cards. Customers began calling, and I took orders over the phone. Before I knew it, I had a loyal following. I stayed busy by making weekly and sometimes daily deliveries to these businesses while maintaining my produce stand at the farmer's market. Then something wonderful happened.\nI had made more money than any of my friends with typical teenage jobs. I feel a sense of accomplishment when I see people buy produce from me.", "id": "high19317.txt"}