{"answers": ["B", "B", "D", "B", "A"], "options": [["Her musical partner.", "Her voiced style.", "Jazz instrumentalists.", "Her way of singing."], ["It was about a cruel story.", "It concerned civil rights.", "It was recorded very badly.", "It was performed many times."], ["had the greatest range of voice", "wrote many songs like Easy Living", "was gifted and had a happy childhood", "was famous for her voice and way of singing"], ["Happy and successful.", "Talented but unlucky.", "Creative but violent.", "Positive and diligent."], ["Billie Holiday", "A Queen of Jazz", "A Genius of Music", "Lady Day--Founder of Jazz"]], "questions": ["What made Holiday develop a new way of controlling tempo?", "Why was the song Strange Fruit limited on radios?", "It can be inferred from the passage that Holiday     .", "Which of the following can best describe Holiday?", "What would be the best title for the text?"], "article": "Billie Holiday was an American jazz singer and songwriter. Nicknamed Lady Day by her loyal friend and musical partner, Lester Young, Holiday was a great influence on jazz and pop singing. Her voiced style, strongly inspired by jazz instrumentalists, pioneered a new way of controlling tempo  . Above all, she was admired for her deeply personal and direct approach to singing.\nBillie Holiday was born Eleanora Fagan on April 7, 1915, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Her father, Clarence Halliday (Holiday), a musician, did not marry or live with her mother. Her mother had moved to Philadelphia when thirteen, after being driven away from her parents' home in Sandtown-Winchester, Baltimore for becoming pregnant. With no support from her own parents, Holiday's mother arranged for the young Holiday to stay with her older married half sister, Eva Miller, who lived in Baltimore.\nDuring her final period of separation from her mother, Holiday began to perform the songs she learned while working in the brothel  . By early 1929, Holiday joined her mother in Harlem. Their landlady was a sharply dressed woman named Florence Williams, who ran a brothel at 151 West 140th Street. In order to live, Holiday and her mother had to work there. Holiday had not yet turned fourteen at that time. On May 2, 1929, the house was raided  , and Holiday and her mother were sent to prison. After spending some time in a workhouse, her mother was released in July, followed by Holiday in October, at the age of 14.\nShe co-wrote a few songs, and several of them have become jazz standards, notably God Bless the Child, Don't Explain, and Lady Sings the Blues. She also became famous for singing jazz standards written by others, including Easy Living and Strange Fruit.\nHer early career is hard to track down exactly. But, she later gained work singing in local jazz clubs before being spotted by a talent scout  , John Hammond, in 1933, aged 18.\nHer voice and recordings are loved for the depth of emotion and intensity she could bring to classic standards. Her range of voice was not the greatest, but, her extraordinary gravelly   voice was soon to become very famous and influential.\nShe was an important icon of the jazz era and influential in the development of jazz singing. In the late 1930s she began singing a civil rights song called Strange Fruit--a song which told the tale of a lynching   of a black man in the deep south. It was very controversial for that period and it was not played on radios. It was recorded for Commodore records and she performed it many times over the next 20 years.\nIn early 1959 she found out that she had cirrhosis   of the liver. The doctor told her to stop drinking, which she did for a short time, but soon returned to heavy drinking. By May she had lost twenty pounds, friends Leonard Feather, Joe Glaser, and Allan Morrison tried to get her to check into to a hospital, she put them off.\n On May 31, 1959, Holiday was taken to Metropolitan Hospital in New York suffering from liver and heart disease. She was arrested for drug possession as she lay dying, and her hospital room was raided by authorities. Police officers were stationed at the door to her room. Holiday remained under police guard at the hospital until she died from cirrhosis of the liver on July 17, 1959.Billie Holiday had difficult life experiences which influenced her attitude towards life. She experienced many violent relationships. She also became increasingly dependent on various drugs which contributed to her early death in 1959, aged just 44.", "id": "high19314.txt"}