{"answers": ["D", "D", "C"], "options": [["Having wrestling leagues.", "Taking part in the Olympics.", "Taking part in the Super Bowl.", "The champion of the Olympics."], ["To introduce the meaning of the Olympic Games.", "To persuade readers to protect the \"smaller\" sports.", "To show different sports events endangered of being cut.", "To call for a spot in the Olympic Games for the \"smaller\" sports."], ["Personal experiences.", "Sports review.", "Sports and hobbies.", "Current events."]], "questions": ["What is the ultimate title of wrestling?", "What's the writer's purpose of writing this text?", "In which column of a newspaper could we find this text?"], "article": "Soccer has the FIFA World Cup. Tennis has the majors. Golf has the majors. Football has the Super Bowl. Basketball has the NBA. These major sports all have established leagues for professionals and amateurs, so why do they have a spot in the Olympics?\nThe Olympics isn't the most desirable title in these sports. An Olympic gold medal, for example, can't motivate some footballers to work hard, because they have to reserve sufficient physical strength for the supremacy--the FIFA Cup. Every year the Olympic committee votes, and every year someone gets let down.\nA sport endangered of being cut is very close to my heart, wrestling. I grew up with it: the first 8 years of my life were in a college wrestling room, watching my dad coach his team and the countless hours continue to this day. Wrestling meant everything to my dad: he was an Olympian, Pan American winner, World champion, Olympic coach, and Division 1 coach. In February 2013, they dropped wrestling, softball, and baseball. In May, they allowed the three sports to be short-listed. However, in September they voted on the return of wrestling.\nMy point is that it isn't fair that basketball, tennis, football (soccer), and golf all take spots on the summer Olympics outline for sports. They all have leagues that the whole world participates in. I can't say for all of the sports that an Olympic gold is the ultimate   title, but I can tell you a fact that in wrestling, both freestyle and Greco-Roman, it truly is.\nThese \"smaller\" sports, that maybe don't make boatloads of money, need the Olympics. It means so much to so many people, fans, athletes, and families. They deserve spots, they don't have professional leagues, and can't fill entire stadiums, and they need the support of the Olympic Games. The whole point of the Olympics is to bring people together, so shouldn't less popular sports be included?", "id": "high19312.txt"}