{"answers": ["D", "C", "B", "A"], "options": [["Trading with foreigners.", "Lend money to those who need it.", "Help people to found their own business.", "Teach people how to trade foreign currencies."], ["business concept", "hard work", "skillful employees", "devotion"], ["a financial advisor", "a Chinese company", "a successful risk manager", "a stranger who phoned Shawn Lucas"], ["How to make a small business successful.", "The analysis of a Chinese company.", "Shawn Lucas, an Apiary Fund CEO.", "Successful businesses are hard to start."]], "questions": ["What does Shawn's business do?", "The success of Shawn's business owes to the following factors EXCEPT     .", "The inspiration of the Apiary Fund's business concept comes from     .", "What's the main idea of the passage?"], "article": "According to the Small Business Association, more than 50 percent of all small businesses fail within the first five years. This is not the case for Apiary Fund CEO, Shawn Lucas. Shawn has grown a very successful business focusing on teaching people how to trade foreign currencies. The Apiary Fund not only gives their traders some of the best Forex   education possible but also gives their traders money to trade with. The Apiary Fund had a slow start but has now become a company that recently hit $1 billion in trader volume  . The Apiary Fund's success has come from the great business concept, and work ethic  .\n* Business Concept\nThe Apiary Fund has a very special but effective business concept, which Shawn Lucas discovered many years ago. You are probably wondering, where did this business concept come from? Shawn, while working as a Financial Advisor, received a phone call one day from a man he hadn't ever spoken to before. The man asked Shawn to go with him to China to do an analysis of a Chinese company's trading systems. The company at the time was under investigation for a possible violation   of intellectual property rights. He agreed to go and before he knew it he was on a plane to China.\nDuring the analysis of this Chinese company Shawn noticed the company had a very effective business method. He noticed that the risk manager had created a system that protected the company from rarely posting a losing day. The risk manager made this all possible by putting restrictions on the amount a trader could lose. If one of the traders lost even a small amount the risk manager would then be notified  .\nShawn left China with a business concept that would later consume much of his life. After returning home, Shawn was devoted to creating a similar risk management system as the Chinese company had created. That risk management system turned into a successful business called the Apiary Fund.\n* Work Ethic\nThe business concept alone didn't magically make the Apiary Fund into a booming business. The Apiary Fund became successful from hard work and devotion. This hard work and devotion has recently brought the Apiary Fund to hit a trading volume high of $1 billion. Shawn Lucas believes that by the end of this year the Apiary Fund can expect to see double or triple that volume. The company has experienced immense growth by making a few changes to their program structure, which has since increased growth by about five times within the last year.\nSuccessful businesses are hard to start, but with a good business concept and great work ethic anything is possible. Shawn and the Apiary Fund are a great example of both.", "id": "high19316.txt"}