{"answers": ["C", "C", "A", "A"], "options": [["satisfied", "puzzled", "thrilled", "interested"], ["She explained what she hoped to do in the future.", "She was eager to meet Miley Cyrus very soon.", "She agreed to it without a moment's thought.", "She had a serious talk with the Brothers."], ["is very kind-hearted and considerate", "shows special concern to Miley Cyrus", "is skilled when dealing with strangers", "takes a responsible attitude to his work"], ["the author was a student when meeting the brothers", "the brothers love to live in the private places", "the author has become a famous singer", "there are four members in the Jonas Brothers"]], "questions": ["At first sight of the Jonas Brothers the author was really     .", "How did the author react to the request as a dancer?", "We may learn from the text that Nick     .", "It can be inferred from the text that     ."], "article": "One day when I came home at lunch time the Jonas Brothers, Kevin, Joe, and Nick, were at my door. I jumped out of my Range Rover and started screaming. I ran up to them and just started hugging them and crying. I had no clue what was going on. They were just smiling and laughing. I was speechless and I was just staring at them. We stood there in dead silence for a couple of minutes.\nI finally picked up courage to say, \"Hey, would you all like to come in?\" They told me yes and that they had something to tell me. I brought them in and asked them why they came to my house. They told me, \"We need you for something. We would like you to join the band; we want you to be our background dancer. You will also be a dancer for Miley Cyrus.\" Hearing their words, my jaw dropped in amazement.\nWe kept talking for a while. I skipped school for the rest of the day, because it was the Jonas Brothers! We sat and watched television for a while, and then I went to my room and got ready. Then later that day we went and got lunch and went to a movie. We had to go to private places to go to the movie and eat because of all of the fans, but we had a great time! They brought me home that night and told me that they would see me tomorrow. Once I got home and got out of the car, Nick got out too and walked me to the door! He told me goodnight and gave me a hug and went back to the car. That night I could hardly go to sleep, but I finally did.\nThe next morning I woke up and got ready really quickly. Then the Jonas Brothers' driver came and picked me up in their black Range Rover. I got in the back seat and by surprise Nick was there with flowers and chocolate.\nI asked him, \"What is this?\"\nHe said, \"It's for you! I want to surprise you! Today we are going to go to the studio and you are going to start learning everything for the tour this year. Kevin and Joe are already at the studio, I just want to come here and pick you up. After that I have something special planned for us!\"\n\"I don't have any clothes to wear, except for the clothes that I am wearing to practice,\" I said.\nHe told me, \"It's okay, we are going shopping to find outfits for our special date.\"\nWe went shopping for our clothes and I got to pick anything I wanted and Nick paid for all of it. Then that night we went and ate at a restaurant right by the beach. After dinner, we went and walked on the beach. It was amazing! That night he took me home and walked me to my door and we said goodnight. I then went in and went to bed right away.\nThe next few months I went to the studio with them about every day. It was a lot of hard work, but once the tour started, it paid off. I had the best time of my life. Once the tour was over, I got more into the acting and dancing business, I then became famous. Miley Cyrus and I became best friends and I also was a background dancer for her. Miley, the Jonas Brothers, and I were all best friends and we pretty much grew up together.\nNow, Miley and I are still best friends, and Nick Jonas and I are married. We are still famous and have the best time of our life.", "id": "high19311.txt"}