{"answers": ["C", "A", "B", "C"], "options": [["Rodrigo Cruz and Mirna Hazim", "Rodrigo Cruz and Carl Khalid", "Alejandra Pachecho and Carl Khalid", "Alejandra Pachecho and Mirna Hazim"], ["advises people to use cellphones while driving if they are in an emergency", "has seen many car accidents caused by using cellphones while driving", "lost a friend who had a car accident due to using a cellphone while driving", "advises drivers to use cellphones if there aren't many cars on the road"], ["Alejandra Pachecho", "Carl Khalid", "Rodrigo Cruz", "Mirna Hazim"], ["Special columns", "Human rights", "Topics", "News"]], "questions": ["Which of the following groups have the same view about using cellphones while driving?", "According to the passage, Rodrigo Cruz   _  .", "Who gave detailed suggestions about using cellphones while driving?", "In which part of a website would you most probably find this passage?"], "article": "Should people be allowed to use cellphones while driving?\nAlejandra Pachecho from Venezuela: No. Why not? That is because in this world some people drive very crazily. Also, most people who use cellphones to talk in the car usually pay more attention to what they are talking about than to driving. One of the reasons that I feel this way is that ny friend had a car accident while using a cellphone. He lost his life and his friends did, too.\nRodrigo Cruz from Colombia: That depends. The a dvantages of using a cellphone while driving are that you can call the police if there is a car accident, call for help when somebody's car breaks down, and call when somebody needs something before arriving home or at the office. The disadvantages is that people get distracted  when they are driving at the same time they are talking on a cellular phone. It can cause car accidents.\nCarl Khalid from Saudi Arabia: No. I would recommend if you want to use a cellphone while you're driving, pull over and take your time. You will avoid a  lot of trouble. There are many advantages of using cellphones in cars. In emergencies such as accidents, a flat  tire or engine problem, the cellphone is useful for calling 911 for help. Using the cellphone while driving can save time, but using it while driving can alsocause a lot of problems such as missing a red light or signs, not observing cars, or not paying attention to the speed limit. It causes a lot of problems. All these problems could cause loss of concentration.\nMirna Hazim: Yes. A cellphone is helpful; it is one of the most important communication devices. For example, if you want to talk with somebody for an important reason, you can. One time when I was coming back from work at 10 o'clock at night, I had a problem with my car. It wouldn't move. I was scared to go into a store to call my brother because I didn't know  the places there. I thought it could be dangerous. That night, I found out that owning a cellphone is important.\nWhat do you think of cellphone? Send your opinion to our website.", "id": "high19322.txt"}