{"answers": ["D", "C", "B"], "options": [["disappointed", "worried", "frightened", "tired"], ["7302 W. 34th Street", "Thompson Park", "1948 Civic Circle in Wolflin Square", "1200 Streit Drive"], ["teach your child something about painting", "make a call ahead of time", "prepare enough food for your child", "rent a private party room"]], "questions": ["We can infer that children attending a Jump'n Jive birthday party will be   _  .", "If Thomas' child is interested in painting, he is advised to visit   _  .", "To hold a birthday party for your kid at the Amarillo Zoo, you should   _  ."], "article": "If your life is just too busy for the added stress of planning a birthday party, consider having someone else do all the work. There are several great places in Amarillo that would be happy to host the party for you. Here are a few party places for children's birthday parties in Amarillo, Texas.\nJump'n Jive\nJump' n Jive birthday parties are a hit in Amarillo. It is basically a giant indoor playground full of inflatable jumpers and slides. The kids will enjoy pretending to be popcorn, and you'll enjoy not having to plan the activities. It's great exercise and parents may content for wearing out their kids for a good short sleep. They can supply the cake, ice cream, tableware, pizza, good bags and much more. They are located at 7302 W. 34th Street and you can reach them at (806) 367-8954.\nBrush With Art\nIf you've ever found your child color1ing on the wall (or even if you haven't) Brush With Art is a fantastic birthday party place. It is a paint-you-own pottery studio where the guests and your birthday star will enjoy painting items such as a plate, a cup and other items. Brush With Art is located at 1948 Civic Circle in Wolflin Square. You can reach them at (806) 355-7911.\nThe Amarillo Zoo\nWant to celebrate the birthday with monkeys, lions and pot-bellied pigs? The Amarillo Zoo is a great place for a birthday party. The kids will enjoy seeing and talking about the animals. It will definitely provide a memorable experience. It even includes a private encounter with an animal such as a snake or a rabbit. For more details on birthday parties at the Amarillo zoo, call at least 3 weeks in advance at (806)381-7911.\nDon Harrington Discovery Center \nWant an entertaining birthday party with an educational twist? The Don Harrington Discovery Center is a fantastic place to go. Kids will enjoy interacting with fun exhibits such as a bubble area where you can make giant bubbles. Their birthday parties include the use of a private party room for two hours. It also includes a hands-on activity with a staff person. It definitely makes for a unique, but exciting birthday party. To learn more about their party packages, give them a call at (806)355-9547. The museum's address is 1200 Streit Drive in Amarillo.", "id": "high19326.txt"}