{"answers": ["A"], "options": [["Curiosity.", "Patience.", "Judgment.", "Excitement."]], "questions": ["When you travel everywhere, what should you keep in mind according to Para.3?"], "article": "There are hundreds of travel writers. It will not be easy for you to make a mark, unless you are different. Reading the works of great travel writers and getting inspired by them are not a bad thing, but you should not copy their style and their approach. The world needs something new. Greatness is not achieved through following, it is achieved through leading, and to lead you need to choose your own approach!\nBeing a travel writer can be exacting. You must realize that you will not be the first one in a long line. Flights will not arrive on time for you, every hotel will not have a room for you, and you may not be able to make a living out of your work. So, you should be prepared mentally and physically before you begin your quest  to explore the world. \nWhen you write a travel guide, you should remember that you are not the subject in your guide! You should always focus on the place that you are exploring. What is the difference between visiting a place and exploring it? The answer is very simple, when you visit a place you ask the question 'where to go?' and when you explore, you ask 'why to go there?' Your work should not turn out to be just a map which shows directions. It should explain why you chose a specific direction. If you are not curious while traveling, you will never have something new for your readers.\nI believe that every individual has a unique style of writing. You should dare to have a different approach. Avoid long personal stories and do not neglect grammar and punctuation. \nYou should also take efforts to promote your work. You should make use of blogs, and popular social networking sites to promote your work. Try to establish contact with major publications. Once your work gets published in a big magazine, there is no stopping.\nThere are many travel writers who say that this is the best job in the world. If you love traveling, you will love this job!", "id": "high19337.txt"}