{"answers": ["B", "B", "D", "B"], "options": [["prevent the wearers from being laughed at", "help the wearers keep their duties in mind", "are seen as a symbol of power", "help to create social barriers"], ["they fail to realize that students have accepted the uniforms", "they believe that uniforms will make students less creative", "they don't agree that uniforms can remove social barriers", "they think that school uniforms are too popular"], ["it makes no difference whether to wear school uniforms or not", "students' individuality may not come from school education", "students' creativity is related to the clothes they choose", "school uniforms help to create equality among students"], ["they can stop the powerful social sorting and labeling.", "if all students are dressed in the same way,they will not pay too much attention to their clothing.", "uniforms can remind the wearers of their purposes and duties", "school uniforms will affect their children's creativity."]], "questions": ["From the passage we learn that uniforms in general_.", "Some people are against school uniforms because_.", "The author would probably agree that_.", "School uniforms are becoming more and more popular and important because   _"], "article": "School uniforms are becoming more and more popular across the U.S.A. That's no surprise,because they offer many benefits. They immediately end the powerful social sorting and labeling  that come from clothing. If all students are dressed in the same way,they will not pay too much attention to their clothing,and some of them will not be laughed at for wearing the \"wrong\" clothes.\nSome people are against the strict rule of school uniforms,but they do not realize that students already accept a kind of rule -- wanting to look just like their friends. The difference is that the clothing students choose for themselves creates social barriers ; school uniforms tear those barriers down.\nAs in other places,uniforms remind the wearers of their purposes and duties. For example,when a man or woman puts on a police uniform,he or she becomes,for a time,the symbol of law and order. The uniform means to the wearer his or her special duties and sends the same message to everyone the wearer meets. People with different jobs wear uniforms of one kind or another. For students,the school uniform reminds them that their task for the six or seven hours they are in school is to get an education.\nSome parents are unhappy about uniforms,saying that school uniforms will affect their children's \"creativity\". First,as noted above,the clothes students choose to wear do not necessarily express their individuality  . They just copy their classmates. Second,students have the rest of the day to be as creative as they like. While they're in school,their job is to master reading,writing,and maths; this should take up all the creativity they have. Mastery of those skills will be good for the students to build up their creativity in every way.", "id": "high1934.txt"}