{"answers": ["B", "A", "D", "D"], "options": [["are much older than us", "bring us up by working hard", "give us money and food", "have many interesting stories"], ["naturally that the elders should take care of themselves", "It's our duty to take care of the elders when they are old", "We should take care of the elders even if a long distance separates us from them", "Looking after the elders is as important as raising our children"], ["Education", "Parenting", "Society", "Family"], ["explain what elders are like", "criticize those people who don't respect elders", "Explain why we should love elders", "Call on people to respect and love elders"]], "questions": ["According to the author, elders are those who_.", "Which of the following opinions doesn't the author agree with?", "In which of the following columns would you most probably read this passage?", "The passage was written to_."], "article": "Who are the elders in your family? The most common answer is that they are your parents, grandparents, uncles, aunts, and elder cousins ------in a word, any   who is older than you. But that doesn't really answer the question, does it? In a normal family, there is a big difference between being elderly and being an elder.\n  Elders are the storytellers, the cooks, the historians, the authorities, the knitters, and the workhorses. They are the people we respect and turn to for answers or help when we are in trouble, because of their many years of life experience. Most of all, they are the people who raised you and your loved ones and helped you growing into the people you are. For many years, they carried the burden of caring for your family and leading it to better times. Now it's your turn to dote on them. Ensuring the welfare of your elders should come as naturally to us as raising our children.\n  Unfortunately, too many people take their parents' and grandparents' ability to care for them for granted. And in a country where so many of us live hundreds of miles from our families, looking after loved ones can be difficult. Even so, you should make sure your loved ones are taken care of no matter where they live, and try to look after the seniors living alone in your neighbor, too. Taking responsibility for the elders in our society in an important thing that all citizens should do.", "id": "high19345.txt"}