{"answers": ["A", "D"], "options": [["Selling greeting cards.", "Collecting greeting cards.", "Buying greeting cards.", "Sending greeting cards."], ["After buying a new home by mortgage.", "After giving notice to leave her secure position in the company.", "After finding a job in a major fortune 100 company.", "After listening to Mr. Ziegler's inspiring speech."]], "questions": ["Why was the kit sent for?", "When did the author decide to become a motivational speaker?"], "article": "When I was nine years old I lived in a small town. I found an ad for selling greeting cards in the back of a children's magazine. I thought to myself I could do this. I begged my mother to let me send for the kit  . Two weeks later the kit arrived. The next three hours later, I returned home with no card and a pocket full of money shouting, \"Mama, all the people couldn't wait to buy my cards!\" A salesperson was born.\nWhen I was twelve years old, my father took me to see Zig Ziegler. I remember sitting in the dark hall listening to Mr. Ziegler raise everyone's spirits up to ceiling. I left there feeling like I could do anything. When we got to the car, I turned to my father and said, \"Dad, I want to make people feel like that.\" My father asked me what I meant. \"I want to be a motivational speaker just like Mr. Ziegler,\" I replied. A dream was born.\nRecently, I began pursuing my dream of motivating(inspire) others. I realized that everything I had accomplished -- the graduate degree, the successful sales career, speaking appointments, training and managing for a major fortune 100 company as a senior manager-- had prepared me for this moment. I told my boss who was a great leader I would leave the company though I might not reach such a height in career. He told me to proceed and he believed I would succeed.\nHaving made that decision, I was immediately tested. One week after I gave notice, my husband was laid off from his job. We had recently bought a new home and needed both incomes to make the monthly mortgage   payment and now we were done to no income. I even planned to turn back to my former company, knowing they wanted me to stay but I was certain that if I went back, I would never leave. I decided I still wanted to move forward rather than end up with a mouth full of \"if onlys\" later on. A motivational speaker was born.\nWhen I held fast to my dream, even during the tough times, the miracles really began to happen. In a short time period my husband found a better job. We didn't miss a mortgage payment. And I was able to book several speaking appointments with new clients  . I discovered the incredible power of dreams. I loved my old job, my workmates and the company I left, but it was time to get on with my dream. To celebrate my success I had a local artist paint my new office as a garden. At the top of one wall she marked, \"The world always makes way for the dreamer.\"", "id": "high19347.txt"}