{"answers": ["B", "B", "C", "A", "D"], "options": [["They were treated equally.", "They were treated unfairly.", "They had no rights to take a bus.", "They were not allowed to take the same bus with the white."], ["Bus seats for African Americans and white were separated in parts of the U.S.", "Rosa Parks was sent to jail for she refused to give her bus seat to a white man.", "The African American community had a meeting to protest discrimination.", "A man named Martin Luther King,Jr. was elected to be the leader."], ["Less than a year.", "Less than a month.", "More than a year.", "More than a month."], ["By refusing to take buses.", "By refusing to talk to the white.", "Through fights with the white people.", "By doing nothing."], ["The U.S. Supreme Court decided that Montgomery's bus laws were unfair and gave the African American community equal right.", "They elected a man named Martin Luther King,Jr. to be the leader.", "Black people and white people can take the same bus.", "The movement eventually led to the Civil Rights Act in 1964,a set of laws that made discrimination a crime."]], "questions": ["How is the situation for the black in the U.S. in 1955?", "What is the cause of the Civil Rights Movement?", "How long did the boycott continue?", "How did the black people fight for the civil rights?", "What is the final result of the Civil Rights Movement?"], "article": "The Beginning of the Civil Rights Movement\nIn 1955,bus seats for African Americans and whites were separated in parts of the U.S.. On December 1,1955,in the city of Montgomery,Alabama,a conflict,or disagreement,started when an African American woman named Rosa Parks refused to give her bus seat to a white man and go to the back of the bus. The police took 42yearold Parks to jail.\nThe African American community was extremely angry. They had a meeting and decided to work together to protest discrimination. They agreed to boycott  the buses on the day that Parks went to court. The day was a success. Empty buses drove through the streets. The city lost money. The community decided to continue the boycott. They elected a man named Martin Luther King,Jr. to be the leader.\nThe boycott continued. It was difficult for African Americans to get to work without buses,but they didn't stop the boycott. The city continued to lose money. Finally,the U.S. Supreme Court decided that Montgomery's bus laws were unfair and gave the African American community equal right. On December 21,1956,the bus boycott ended.\nThe Montgomery Bus Boycott was the beginning of the Civil Rights Movement. The movement eventually led to the Civil Rights Act in 1964,a set of laws that made discrimination a crime. During the Montgomery Bus Boycott,people worked together to change the government. Today,people in the U.S. continue to work together for a change. Now hundreds of organizations and community groups work to protect the rights of U.S. citizens and residents.", "id": "high1935.txt"}