{"answers": ["B", "A"], "options": [["the automakers are proud of the new cars for their technology", "there are problems to solve in getting owners to trust the technology", "automakers have already marketed cars with limited self-driving technology", "traditional automakers rather than present ones are advancing with the technology"], ["remind the readers of risks in the self-driving car", "advertise and market the new self-driving car", "get more participants to experiment in the self-driving car", "introduce the advanced technology in the self-driving car"]], "questions": ["From the passage, we can conclude that  _", "The author's purpose of writing the passage is to  _"], "article": "That was one surprising finding when researchers put Stanford University students in a simulated self-driving car to study how they reacted when their robo-chauffer needed help. The experiment was one in a growing number that assesses how cars can safely hand control back to a person when their self-driving software is at a loss.\nWith some models already able to stay in their lane or keep a safe distance from other traffic, and automakers pushing for more automation, the car-to-driver handoff is a big open question. The elimination of distracted driving is a major selling point for the technology. But in the Stanford experiment, reading or watching a movie helped keep participants awake. The Stanford research suggests engaging people with media could help, while some automakers are marketing vehicles with limited self-driving features that will slow the car if they detect a person has stopped paving attention to the road. Though research is ongoing, it appears that people need at least 5 seconds to take over.\nMeanwhile, traditional automakers are advancing with the technology. Mercedes and Toyota sell cars that can hit the brakes and stay in their lane. By adding new features each year, they might produce a truly self-driving car in about a decade. One potential risk of this gradualist approach became clear this fall, when Tesla Motors had to explain that its \"auto pilot\" feature did not mean drivers could stop paying attention. Starting late next year, the Cadillac CTS will get a Super Cruise system, which will allow semi-autonomous highway driving. If the driver's eyes are off the road, and they don't respond to repeated urging, the car slows.\n\"We are in no way selling this as a technology where the driver can check out,\" General Motors spokesman Dan Flores said, \"You can relax, glance away, but you still have to be aware because you know the technology's not safe.\"\nOne riddle automakers must solve: How to get owners to trust the technology so they'll use it -- but not trust it so much that they'll fall into a false sense of security. Trust was on the mind of researchers who in August published an extensive report on self-driving cars. \"Although this trust is essential for widespread adoption, participants were also observed prioritizing non-driving activities over the operation of the vehicle,\" the authors wrote. Another wide-open question: How to alert the person in the driver's seat of the need to take over. It appears that the car should appeal to several senses. Visual warnings alone may not be enough.", "id": "high19354.txt"}