{"answers": ["C", "C"], "options": [["dignity", "doubt", "respect", "sadness"], ["a woman's tattoo is quite heavy and not wide", "a man's tattoo covers from mid-chest to knees", "Tattoo-receiving recovers slowly but necessarily", "Tattoo patterns always indicate rank and gender"]], "questions": ["The author introduced the sport item \"rugby\" in Samoa with a tone of   _  .", "When talking about their culture, Samoan natives most probably agree that   _"], "article": "Although the Samoan Natives have long claimed to be the indigenous  people of their islands, holding firm to the belief that Samoans were birthed by special creation in Samoa, it has been theorized by many linguists, based on linguistic commonalities as well as archaeological findings, that migrants from Southeast Asia arrived in the Samoan  Islands approximately 3500 years ago, settling in what has come to be known as \"Polynesia\" further to the east.\nEarly contact with Europeans was established in the 18th century. Christianity was formally introduced with the arrival of missionaries in August 1830. During the early 20th century the Samoan Islands were divided by Germany, Great Britain and the USA. Tutuila and Aunu'u islands were claimed by the USA. The western islands became German Samoa. In 1914, New Zealand forces captured the islands from Germany, thus becoming Western Samoa. Western Samoa regained its independence on January 1, 1962.\nSamoans are notable in rugby. Despite its small population, the island of American Samoa produces disproportionately a large number of world-class American football players. Samoan Mosi Tatupu was a member of NFL team the New England Patriots. Samoan Troy Polamalu was a member of the NFL team the Pittsburgh Steelers until he retired after the 2014 football season.\nTraditional Samoan tattoo proves the strong ties many Samoans feel for their culture. Samoans have practiced the art of tattooing for over 2,000 years. To this day, a man's tattoo widely covers from mid-back, down the sides, to the knees. A woman's tattoo is not quite as wide or heavy. The geometric patterns are based on ancient designs, and often indicate rank and status.\nHere is the process of tattooing. The tattoo master dips his cutting tools into black ink made from burnt shells, and then punctures designs into the skin. The cutting tool consists of a short piece of bamboo or light wood with a piece of tortoiseshell bound at right angles at one end. A little bone comb is bound to the lower broad end of the tortoiseshell. The larger the comb, the greater the area on the skin is covered with fewer strokes. The process takes days, and is sometimes partially accomplished over longer periods, with recovery in between.", "id": "high19353.txt"}