{"answers": ["B", "B", "A", "C"], "options": [["White water rafting", "Diving", "Igloo-building", "Sand boarding"], ["activity holidays", "polar expeditions", "culture journeys", "wildlife holidays"], ["visit many historical sites", "see lions and tigers", "eat at local people's home", "live in a tree house"], ["Egypt", "Canada", "Britain", "India"]], "questions": ["What kind of activities can you do if you go to the Red Sea in summer?", "According to the passage, can make you experience the most adventurous holiday.", "Tom prefers to choose a culture holiday, and he may.", "Which country might make the advertisement?"], "article": "Are you a bit bored with your nine-to-five routine? Have a look at our exciting range of holidays and decide what type of adventure you'd like.\nActivity holidays Our activity holidays are for everyone who loves danger. We have a huge of water, snow and desert holidays. We'll take you scuba diving in the Red Sea of kayaking and white water rafting in Canada.      \nIf you prefer snow, you can try skiing or snowboarding in the Alps or even igloo-building( ).For those who like warm weather, we also have sand boarding(the desert version of skateboarding) or camel safaris.\nPolar expeditions Take a cruise to the Antarctic or the Arctic; explore a land of white nature beauty or wonderful wildlife. Our experts will explain everything about the two poles as you watch penguins or whales in the Antarctic and polar bears in the Arctic. There's no greater adventure than traveling to the two ends of the earth.\nCulture journeys Our culture journeys will help you discover the secrets of distant places such as India, Thailand or Egypt. Explore their history by visiting temples, palaces and ancient ruins. You can also get to know how people live in the modem world by exploring markets, eating exotic foods and meeting local people.\nHiking tours We have hiking holidays to famous places, such as Machu Picchu or the Everest Base Camp Trek,as well as some nearer to home, for example in the highlands of Scotland. You don't need to be too sporty, just fairly fit.   \nYou'll have a great time enjoying nature with a group of new friends. Some of the holidays need camping, but we'll transport the tents for you!\nWildlife holidays We organize small group tours to get closer to nature in Africa, Asia or South Africa. Go on safari in Africa and watch lions and giraffes.    \nMeet the famous turtles of Galapagos Islands. Look for tigers in India, or take an elephant safari in Sri Lanka. We use local guides and stay in a range of accommodation, from tents to tree houses.", "id": "high19351.txt"}