{"answers": ["A", "B", "C", "B"], "options": [["the understanding of science", "the security of his nation", "the global competitiveness", "the present social system"], ["train students' memory for right facts", "focus more on the learning process", "present interesting detective stories", "abandon frequent science examinations"], ["school education may do little good to students", "teachers sometimes judge their students unfairly", "people need to take an unusual path to be creative", "failure at a big thing is better than a small success"], ["Questioning.", "Encouraging.", "Praising.", "Complaining."]], "questions": ["The author believes that they actually have a problem in  _  .", "According to the passage, science teachers should   _  .", "The author takes his own example to say   _  .", "What's the tone of the passage?"], "article": "We have a real crisis in this country in the basic understanding of science. It affects our global competitiveness as a country, our national security, and the effectiveness of our social system. The misunderstanding about science is blinding our eyes.  \nWe know that an awful lot of teachers who are teaching science today have not been properly empowered to do so. School frequently isn't testing whether you understand something but whether you're familiar with it. What's Newton's second law? You say F=ma, and you get an A. That does not reflect a deep understanding of Newtonian mechanics. Science education is not just a body of facts; it's a process. To present it with appeal and excitement you need to picture it as a detective story--asking questions, making observations, and collecting evidence. You test and you fail but, you know, failure can lead to discovery. \nAnother challenge we face is that science is often viewed as too hard, for experts only. But I don't actually think it's that difficult. People see science every day. They look outside and see weather and nature. They push a button in their house and the lights go on. Everybody's dealing with science every day. They just don't call it that. And it's important they do. In fact, science is determining the quality and outcomes of their life. \nScience needs creativity. And one of the best ways to be creative is to think \"out of the box\". However, we need more courage when we come to practice. Take me for example. Very early in my teens I decided to educate myself. I realized I would never be a very good student because I didn't like teachers judging me by what I thought were arbitrary   standards. I decided I'd let the world judge me by whether I could do something of value--solve a problem or build something. That's why I quit school early and risked everything to start a company. I risked everything I had because I had nothing to lose. I'd rather fail at trying to do something really big than succeed at being medium.\n\"When's the right age to think creatively?\" you may ask. I'd say in the womb  ! Kids don't have anxieties about trying to avoid failure. They are full of imagination and much more willing to fail. Just watch a 3-year-old. They touch everything, and if it hurts they don't touch it again. They learn everything at a breathtaking rate. Start to think out of the box as early as you can, because it's more likely to take you to places that you can't predict, schedule and budget for. Do all that when you can bear the insecurity.", "id": "high19362.txt"}