{"answers": ["A", "C", "D", "B"], "options": [["They are eager to receive Christmas gifts.", "They hope to have a good rest in the holidays.", "They wish to see their grandparents anxiously.", "They want to see Santa Claus for themselves."], ["you give them a frank and sweet smile", "you pay more attention to them", "they are ignored", "they know they are useful"], ["Because people won't have good eyesight.", "Because few people can live a long time.", "Because everyone will be in the aging group.", "Because life on the earth is  ly short."], ["to tell the old are living a quite lonely life", "to encourage people to visit their grandparents", "to imply few take care of their grandparents", "to show he is very kind to his grandparents"]], "questions": ["How does the author describe children in the passage?", "Your grandparents will be happy except when", "Why does the author compare human beings to candles?", "According to the passage the author intends"], "article": "The holiday season is the time of magic moments. Our hearts are waiting for something special to happen. Children dream of meeting Santa Claus and receive desirable presents. I'm sure that grandparents are waiting for their kids' and grandchildren's visit. If your holiday schedule is tightly packed, then you should find at least two hours to pay a visit to your grandparents.\nWe often forget about three magic words \"l love you\". Love is not a sign of weakness and our grandparents deserve to hear these pleasant and healing words. Don't feel shy of showing and proving your love. Your hug and a frank smile can be the best cure for different diseases to your dear grandparents.\nOld people are very sensible creatures. They need both physical and mental supports. Younger people should be patient enough to pay attention, hear out and don't let their grandparents feel too old, lonely and useless. There're hundreds of ideas on how to make something good and useful for your grandparents. The best one is to bring a fresh and bushy Christmas tree to their house. Do your best to decorate it with lights and ribbons. Encourage your grandparents to do it together.\nUnfortunately, people are like candles. The light of their eyes can die out in a moment. Chances are high that their hearts will stop one day. Why don't we begin to value things before we lose them? I know that not everyone can answer this challenging question.\nI hope this week will bring a lot of joy to children, parents and their grandparents. Don't forget to treat grandparents with respect because they're an essential part of your family.", "id": "high19384.txt"}