{"answers": ["C", "A", "D"], "options": [["Objective.", "Favorable.", "Critical.", "Doubtful."], ["to give examples of how the teenagers are affected", "to advise the young to learn the Internet", "to show manufacturers created the websites", "to warn teenagers not to visit such websites"], ["all the teenagers like to watch fast food advertisements", "parents must forbid their children to watch TV programs", "teachers must know what fast food advertisements are", "teenagers should be away from fast food advertisements"]], "questions": ["What's the author's attitude to fast food advertisements?", "The author refers to two websites in the passage", "It can be concluded from the passage that"], "article": "Fast food advertisements greatly influence teens' eating habits and advertisers are increasingly targeting them with a wide range of promotions. Fast food advertisements significantly affect teens' eating habits, leading to consequences such as obesity.\nTV Advertising\nThe television is the largest source of food ads to teens. It is worth noting that TV watching may not be the chief cause of obesity, but rather the fast food commercials. This implies that fast food commercials greatly influence teens' eating habits, since food is the most advertised item on television.\nOnline Advertising\nThe Internet has become part of a teen's daily life. Fast food manufacturers have taken advantage of this to target teenagers with food commercials. McDonald's corporation has created websites such as 365Black.com. which target minority groups. MeEncanta. com is a McDonald's website that targets Latino youth, who are four and a half times more likely than other youth to visit the site.\nEating Habits\nThere is a strong connection between teens' eating habits and fast food commercials. In a study of more than 12,000 teenagers to inquire into the effects of fast food advertising on teenagers, teens who spent more than two hours watching commercial TV were likely to allow themselves to eat more unhealthy foods like fast foods, sugary drinks and snacks than those who did not.\nObesity\nTeens who view fast food ads are at a higher risk of becoming overweight than those who do not, reports the American Academy of Pediatrics. In a survey of 3,342 youths aged between 15 and 23 researchers found that a higher percentage of obese and overweight participants identified with fast food ads.", "id": "high19386.txt"}