{"answers": ["A", "D", "C"], "options": [["their sense of greater public pressure", "their sense of greater humiliation", "their upbringing very early on", "their inability to appeal to the audience"], ["Acting like performers spoils the message in a speech.", "There should be a balance between actual acting and acting naturally.", "Acting naturally means less dependence on the prepared script.", "Perfection of scripts is necessary in making good impressions."], ["Extroverts are better public speakers.", "Introverts have to learn harder to be good speakers.", "Factors other than personality ensure better performance", "Personality is the key to success in public speaking"]], "questions": ["Women hate public speaking most mainly because of   _  .", "Which of the following is NOT the author's viewpoint?", "What is the author's view on personality?"], "article": "On a lot of occasions, you have to make some public speaking. However, public speaking fills most people with dread. Humiliation is the greatest fear; self-exposure and failing to appeal to the audience come a close second. Women hate it most, since girls are pressurized from an early age to be concerned with appearance of all kinds.\nMost people have plenty of insecurities, and this seems like a situation that will bring them out. If you were under pressure to be perfect, you are terrified of failing in the most public of ways.\nWhile extroverts will feel less fear before the ordeal , it does not mean they will necessarily do it better. Some very shy people manage to shine. When I met the British Comedian Julian, he was shy and cautious, yet his TV performances are perfect.\nIn fact, personality is not the best predictor of who does it well. Regardless of what you are like in real life, the key seems to be to act yourself.\nActual acting, as in performing the scripted lines of a character other than yourself, does not do the job. While politicians may limit damage by having carefully rehearsed, written scripts to speak from, there is always a hidden awareness among the audience that the words might not be true.\nLikewise, the incredibly perfect speeches of many American academics are far from natural. You may end up buying their book on the way out, but soon afterwards, it is much like fast food, and you get a nameless sense that you've been cheated.\nAlthough, as Earl Spencer proved at his sister Princess Diana's funeral, it is possible both to prepare every word and to act naturally. A script rarely works and it is used to help most speakers.\nBut, being yourself doesn't work either. If you spoke as if you were in your own kitchen, it would be too authentic, too unaware of the need to communicate with an audience.\nI remember going to see British psychiatrist R.D. Laing speak in public. He behaved like a seriously odd person, talking off the top of his head. Although he was talking about madness and he wrote on mental illness, he seemed to be exhibiting rather than explaining it.\nThe best psychological place from which to speak is an unselfconscious self-consciousness, providing the illusion of being natural. Studies suggest that this state of \"flow\", as psychologists call it, is very satisfying.", "id": "high19382.txt"}