{"answers": ["C", "A", "D"], "options": [["card reader", "film", "CCD sensor", "USB drive"], ["The pictures were not as good as those by a film camera.", "It used dangerous chemicals to develop its pictures.", "The computers were too expensive for people to use.", "It wasn't convenient to use because of its techniques."], ["Harmful chemicals are not needed in developing pictures.", "Pictures are printed with a computer instead of films.", "Photographers don't have to work in a darkroom.", "Digital cameras produce pictures as good as film cameras."]], "questions": ["In a digital camera,  an image is taken by the camera's  _  .", "Why did the public first disapprove of digital photography?", "Which is NOT a reason why digital photography is eco-friendly?"], "article": "Whether it's for a hobby or profession, photography has always been highly valued. Photography has been around for over a hundred years, but what has recently revolutionized it is digital photography.\nA digital camera looks like a film camera, but it works differently.  A digital camera takes pictures or a video by using a CCD sensor instead of film.  The data about the images are electronically saved on a flash card. Later on, the flash card can be removed from the camera and put into a card reader. The card reader can be plugged into a computer's USB port. The images and videos can then be saved on a computer for viewing, editing, emailing, or printing.\nDigital photography received a great deal of criticism in its beginning stages, but with its continued development, it is now capable of producing images of a quality that is similar to. or even better, than that of film photographs. However, what really makes digital photography attractive is its convenience and low cost.  Instead of having to go to a lab and waiting to get pictures developed to see what they look like, you can always view the images or-video on the LCD screen that is on the back of the camera. Not only does this feature save time, but it also prevents common mistakes like using a wrong exposure( ) that could ruin an image or video.\nWith the usage of computer programs like Photoshop, more serious photographers can edit their images without the expense of a darkroom. Digital photography is also friendlier to the environment, as harmful chemicals that are needed in the development of film are not used in digital photography. Printing only the best pictures and not having to buy film make digital photography much cheaper.", "id": "high19396.txt"}