{"answers": ["D", "C"], "options": [["To help kids in trouble.", "To make a living.", "To build up others' confidence.", "To improve his state of mind."], ["He made many friends.", "He found a permanent job.", "He realized the roles he played.", "He became accustomed to his life."]], "questions": ["Why did the author want to do some volunteer work?", "How does the working experience change the author?"], "article": "It was September of 2003 and I was struggling to find work after experiencing downsizing  . I had fallen on some of the grandest challenges of my life. I found myself sitting in my house constantly worried. I decided to force myself to find some volunteer work to occupy my thoughts. The first place I sought out was the Arizona Humane Society. It offered me a program, \"Equestrian Therapy Program\" ,whose mission is to build self-esteem and confidence in children who have been through difficult times in their lives. Being with animals was the only time I truly felt 1 had a place in the world. But I had never been around a horse in my life.\nI found myself a little apprehensive during my first day--being around such large strong animals was much harder than the three cats I'm accustomed to caring for. I found that I wasn't different during my first day around these fantastic creatures from the kids who came into the program. But there is a strange transformation when one is around horses. I found myself playing the role of student, observer, teacher, mentor, worker, friend, and companion; not only to the kids,but to the horses and staff!\nBefore long, I was good at handling the horses and kids and having a grand time working with human and animal elements equally. I realize this experience has helped me to develop my horizons in ways I never thought likely. I started this wanting to give others help and realized in doing so I was the one who really benefited the most. 1 believe the companionship and peace that comes from working with our animal brothers is something that can and will make the world a better place!", "id": "high19391.txt"}