{"answers": ["C", "B", "D", "C"], "options": [["It is very difficult to enforce laws.", "People are not aware of the danger.", "The law was not strictly enforced.", "There is no law for ensuring us safe."], ["To follow their neighbors.", "To create an extra basement living area.", "To protect themselves safe.", "To add an extra floor to the roof-top of their apartment bocks."], ["Topic-Argument-Explanation.", "Opinion-Discussion-Description.", "Main idea-Comparison-Supporting examples.", "Introduction-Supporting examples-Conclusion."], ["blame some officials", "make a complaint", "call on acting before lives are lost", "urge that more laws should be made"]], "questions": ["What does the fact that the huge explosion in Tianjin resulted in serious injuries show?", "In what purpose do some residents dig into their ground floor units according to the passage ?", "How did the author develop the passage?", "The author wrote the passage to  _"], "article": "The huge explosion in Tianjin is only a symptom of a much bigger problem plaguing China today ! Laws are often not enforced  , or are enforced half-heartedly. The law clearly prohibits storage of dangerous goods and chemicals within a certain radius of residential areas, and there must be strict adherence to rules on storage and transportation, etc. The fact that this accident  occurred  so close to residential areas, resulting in devastating damage to homes and serious injuries to residents, shows that the law was not strictly enforced. Whoever approved the siting of that logistic plant    in that particular area has a lot to answer for. Often, officials come to take action only after lives are lost.\nAnother case in point is the unfortunate death of a young mother in the escalator accident in a shopping mall recently. Problems with elevators and escalators have been around for ages, and residents have made countless complaints, but to no avail. After the accident, city officials fan out all over the country checking on escalators for faults, and many escalators have been shut down for repairs.\nThis kind of action is a kneejerk reaction   to a serious disaster! There are many disasters waiting to happen. And all are due to weak or non-existent enforcement. For instance, it's well known that many residents add an extra floor to the roof-top of their apartment bocks, endangering the safety of the block, while others dig into their ground floor units to create an extra basement living area, hacking away concrete slabs and cutting steel bars which are the basic foundation of the building, seriously jeodardizing  its safety. Neighbors complain, city officials come round and leave, saying they can't do anything as the owner wouldn't open his door for an inspection! They would often leave a note on the owner's door telling him to stop construction, but true to form, the owner just ignores it. This is the kind of enforcement we see so often in China.\nWhat is urgently needed in China is a complete overhaul  of the enforcement practice, with every official held accountable for his failure to enforce the law strictly! Why wait till lives are lost before acting?", "id": "high19401.txt"}