{"answers": ["B", "D", "D", "A"], "options": [["Love me, love my dog", "Love is never too late", "Love is blind", "Love at first sight"], ["Three.", "Four.", "Five.", "Six."], ["He loved church activities more than anything else all his lifetime.", "He lived in the south of the country, far away from his daughter living in Texas.", "His wedding day fell on Valentines' Day when he borrowed the lady a diamond.", "His conflict with the lady arose in that they were both attached to their own churches."], ["When my aunt died, my uncle had been married for more than three score of years.", "My uncle and my aunt built their love-nest most probably in the late 1980s.", "When my uncle got to know the lady for the first time, they were already in their eighties.", "After my uncle and the lady got married, they lived in a beautiful new house."]], "questions": ["Which of the following may serve as the best title of the passage above?", "How many characters are mentioned altogether in the story?", "Which of the statements is true of my uncle?", "Which of the following can be concluded from the passage?"], "article": "My aunt died back in about 2003. She was eighty-four and so was my uncle. When she passed he felt miserable. They had been married for over 60 years. After my aunt's death, he attended his church more frequently and his mourning was nearly unbearable to witness. His only daughter lived clear across the country in the south so he had only himself to make a comfort.\nMy cousin talked him into selling the house that he and my aunt had built together about twenty-five years before. It was very hard to part with the home they built together. One day he called my cousin who was living in Texas and told her that he reconnected with a lady from a church that he and my aunt went to forty years previously. She played the piano and his church was looking for new music. Her husband had died about seven years previously. He said he just wanted someone to go out to dinner with and spend time with. We were happy for them but had no idea how it would turn out. They were both almost eighty-seven years old.\nThey were like lovebirds and spent as much time together as they could. They both had one child each, she a son, he a daughter.\nThe conflict in their relationship came one day when they neither wanted to leave their respective churches. Before too long they realized that they did not want to be apart. They would find a new church together. They planned to marry. When he took her to a jewelry store and bought her a diamond, the employees were so impressed that they had a big write up in our own local paper, \"The 'Truth for Valentines' Day. \" They prepared for their wedding. They moved the wedding date up because neither wanted to wait any longer to \"be together\".\nThey got married in her house, where her first marriage took place. It was such a beautiful refreshing thing to see, two people who you would have thought had pretty much lived their lives, were beginning a new one together.", "id": "high19420.txt"}