{"answers": ["B", "C", "B"], "options": [["His father.", "His mother.", "His teacher.", "His brother."], ["he didn't want to go there.", "he wasn't admitted to Harvard University.", "he couldn't learn art in Harvard University.", "his family had no money to send him there."], ["By comparison.", "In time order.", "By giving examples.", "By questioning the points."]], "questions": ["Who had the same interest as Window according to the text?", "Window didn't go to Harvard University because  _  .", "How does the text develop?"], "article": "Winslow Homer was the second of three sons of Henrietta Benson and Charles Savage Homer. He was born in Boston, Massachusetts in 1836 and grew up in Cambridge. His father was an importer of tools and other goods. His mother was a painter. Window got his interest in drawing and painting from his mother. But his father also supported his son's interest. Once, on a business trip to London, Charles Homer bought a set of drawing examples for his son to copy. Young Winslow used these to develop his early skill.\nWinslow's older brother Charles went to Harvard University in Cambridge. The family expected Winslow would go, too. But, at the time, Harvard did not teach art. So Winslow's father found him a job as an assistant in the trade of making and preparing pictures for printed media. At 19, Window learned the process of lithography .This work was the only formal training that Winslow ever received in art.\nIn 1859, Window Homer moved to New York City to work for Harper's Weekly. Homer also started to paint seriously. He hoped to go to Europe to study painting. But, something would intervene the direction of Window Homer's artistic work. Harper's magazine would send him to draw pictures of the biggest event in American history since independence. It was the Civil War between the Union and the rebel southern states.\nWinslow Homer went to Washington, D. C., in 1861. He drew pictures of the campaign of Union Army General George McClellan the next year. His pictures of the war showed many ways that conflicts affect people.", "id": "high19444.txt"}