{"answers": ["B", "D"], "options": [["She appreciates the author very much.", "She is not familiar with her work very much.", "She is an operations manager, helping other employees.", "She's a person solving problem about the storage history of a customer."], ["seeing some of his e-mails", "contacting them immediately", "telling them status slowly", "designing system auto reply"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is RIGHT about Amaya according to the passage?", "The author thinks the best way of dealing with his e-mail is   _  ."], "article": "I've been home from Hawaii less than a week, and I've almost adjusted to being back at work (the 30 degree temperatures are a different story). I came back from my trip with a ton of energy, a great fun and so many wonderful memories. I also came back with some unexpected realizations about my business and my role as chief executive.\nHere's what I've decided:\nFirst and foremost, I'm still too caught up in the details. When I glanced at my e-mail each day I was away, I noticed so many messages,customer requests, etc. that I would have addressed immediately if I had been at the office. By putting myself in a position where I \"couldn't\" respond to these e-mails, I realized that the majority of them didn't require my response. \nI was worried that our new operations manager Amaya might get stuck in things without me there, but it turned out that she was just fine. When she had questions about the storage history of a customer, for example, she turned to the team and got her answers. It gave me new appreciation for my employees and their ability to help each other.\nI often get involved with the engineers on decisions related to our data centers. While I was gone, they had to make important decisions on a number of data center projects. They analyzed the options, and determined the proper course of action. I now realize that I don't need to be as involved in the details of this aspect of the business.\nFinally, I learned that having an auto--response message on my e-mail is the BEST. People immediately knew my status and were given contact information for other people who could help them. I saw all of my e-mails but didn't need to answer them. Somehow, everything just got done.\nSo what does this mean for me? Well, that's a big, important question that involves my ever evolving role here. I thought I was doing a pretty good job pulling out myself from the details, but now I realize I can step back even more, so long as I'm keeping an eye through ongoing team and individual checkpoints. It'll require some restriction on my part, but it'll give me more time to work on other projects, like some marketing ideas I've been toying with. I may even plan a few more vacations!", "id": "high19448.txt"}