{"answers": ["C", "D", "C", "D"], "options": [["It tastes good.", "It is easy to cook.", "It only needs little water to grow.", "It is welcomed by many American people."], ["feed the people all around the world", "keep the earth from becoming warmer", "create a new fruit instead", "produce a delicious vegetable with less water to grow"], ["is searching for the coyote melon", "is in charge of the research of agriculture", "feels somewhat pessimistic about the scientists' research", "thinks producing more food to feed the world is easy"], ["All the plants' seeds need to be stored.", "Ms Kates never goes outside to do research.", "Coyote melon can be planted everywhere.", "Ms Kates benefits a lot from gathering plants"]], "questions": ["Why do scientists study coyote melon?", "Scientists want to combine wild coyote melon with regular squash in order to   _  .", "We can know Andy Jarvis   _  .", "Which of the following can be inferred from the text?"], "article": "As the population grows and temperatures rise, it will become more difficult to grow enough food for everyone. So, scientists are exploring the planet for plants that do not need as much water as today's crops. The Mojave Desert in the US state of California is home to some of these plants.\nScientist Heather Rose Kates of the University of Florida is in that desert. She is searching along roads for a plant called coyote melon which is a kind of squash .Coyote melon may not taste good, but it can be grown in places that have little rainfall. The desert where it grows gets just 15 to 20 centimeters of rain per year, or less. Other kinds of squash need at least two and a half centimeters per week to grow.\nScientists are considering combining wild coyote melon with regular squash to see if they can make a tasty vegetable that doesn't need as much water to grow. That could be useful on a planet growing warmer and more crowded every day.\nAndy Jarvis works at the International Center for Tropical Agriculture. He says farmers will need to produce 50 to 70 percent more food by 2050 to feed the world. So, he says, researchers are studying the wild versions of farm-grown crops.\nBut he says there is a problem. He says many wild versions of farmed plants are disappearing. He says they are threatened and scientists have not collected their seeds for future use. Scientist Kates is part of an international effort to gather these plants and save their seeds while it is still possible. Workers are collecting wild potatoes in Argentina and wild peppers in Para-guav. The plants and seeds will be sent for storage to the Global Seed Vault in Norwav and at Kew gardens in Britain. Ms Kates spends most of her time in a laboratory. She says gathering plants has helped her understand more about them.", "id": "high19446.txt"}