{"answers": ["C", "B", "C"], "options": [["who is only addicted to wartime photography", "whose wartime photos are anything but concrete", "whose wartime photos well interpret the suffering of wars", "who likes to copy from other well-established photographers"], ["To attract worldwide attention to war-stricken areas .", "To help viewers have a better feeling of presence .", "To be the best photographer in the world .", "To advertise his latest 3D technology ."], ["sympathetic", "critical", "supporting", "indifferent"]], "questions": ["We can learn from the passage that James Nachtwey is a photographer   _   .", "Why did the author set up Condition One ?", "If Einstein were still alive today , his attitude towards V.R. would possibly be   _   ."], "article": "Where Virtual Reality Takes Us\nNo matter how enlightened any one of us may be , we are fundamentally limited to our own points of view--but it is human nature to try to broaden our perspective . For me , that's where V.R. comes in . I have found that the medium has an extraordinary ability to convey the kinds of feelings of presence and place I've always desired to capture through photojournalism .\nAs a young photographer , I was shocked by the wartime images of great photographers like Robert Capa and James Nachtwey . Their vision of the world is far better than my own . Hoping to imitate their effect , I trained myself to follow in their footsteps , covering the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan as a photojournalist for The New York Times and Newsweek . But I found that my photographs were not having the impact that I had hoped . There was something too abstract and flat about them , a quality that allowed anyone viewing them to remain distant from images of suffering . Frustrated by the barriers , I built a camera that could shoot steady , cinematic video in a war zone , and I made a feature-length film in Afghanistan .\nWhile the film provided a glimpse into the cruel reality of war , it was only a small window into that world . I wanted to go further , to pull people through that window onto the front lines and let them witness it firsthand . I started the technology company Condition One in order to build a new camera to shoot in 3D , 360-degree video . We want to introduce a new generation of viewers tired of flat images into the emotions of being immersed in a whole new world .\nThe power of virtual reality is its command of presence--its ability to transport the viewer into another world , and have him feel present in it . These experiences are technically difficult to create and require significant computing power , but once presence is achieved and maintained , it is breathtaking .\nIn V.R., we instinctively feel empathy for those whose experiences we are immersed in . The suffering of people in war zones becomes our suffering , just as the killing of animals in the wild becomes a source of our pain as well .\nMentioning his own limitations of perspective , Einstein once wrote with sadness , \" Our task must be to free ourselves from this prison by widening our circle of sympathy to hug all living creatures and the whole of nature in its beauty . \"\nThrough V.R., we now have a chance to do just that .", "id": "high19467.txt"}