{"answers": ["C", "B", "B", "C"], "options": [["They are more or less solitary", "They all belong to clubs.", "They are all members of groups.", "They separate themselves from the rest of mankind."], ["It is learned in a social group.", "It is learned or inherited genetically.", "It is depends on genetic development.", "It is the same for all human beings."], ["The family and its members.", "Human beings as members of groups.", "All families, cities and nations.", "The behaviors of all the species."], ["Careful observations.", "Accurate measurements.", "True feelings and personal ideas.", "A reasonable analysis."]], "questions": ["What is TRUE about all human beings?", "How does a social behavior differ from physical behavior?", "What does a social scientist study?", "Which of the following is NOT taken into account in the scientific method?"], "article": "The social sciences, as the name shows, are the scientific study of the behavior of human beings, both in groups and individually. There is no past or present information of human beings who were not in groups. The groups may be small, like the family, or large, like a city or nation. But in order to reach complete development, man must be a member of a society. It is true that some individuals are more solitary than others. Some like monks or hermits may decide, for religious or other reasons, to leave their society and live alone. But these are unusual individuals, and even they cannot separate themselves completely from the rest of mankind. A society, then, seems to be the natural environment of mankind. Scholars who study mankind in social organizations are called social scientists. \nThe human behavior which social scientists study is learned behavior. The behavior of the human body as a living organism is studied by the biologist, the biochemist, or the physician. This behavior of man's physical body is inherited through the genetic development of his species. For example, all physically normal and healthy humans learn to walk as their bodies grow and develop. Social scientists concern themselves with the behavior that man must learn so that he can take his place in a social group. In order to be a functioning member of that group, each member must learn to behave in a way acceptable according to the differences among societies.\nThe social scientists are newcomers to academic studies. By the end of the 19th century, the natural sciences had developed a method, by which they were able to understand the physical world. By using the scientific method, chemists, physicists, and astronauts, for example, learned a great deal about the universe. It seemed reasonable to apply the same method to the study of man's social life. Through this kind of study man may learn to understand himself much better.\nThe scientific method is a way of collecting facts in order to describe an existing situation as correctly and completely as possible. The description must consist only of what can be perceived , analyzed, measured and recorded. Feelings and personal opinions or ideas have no place in scientific description. The fact must be observed and described in such a way that another scientist could repeat the same study and get the same results.", "id": "high19477.txt"}