{"answers": ["C", "B"], "options": [["advises us to use computers at work.", "persuades us to do some reading in the books", "has improved reading ability helped by computers", "dislikes reading materials on the computers"], ["Computer prefix = st1 /Reading", "Computer-AssistedReading", "Computer Can Read", "Students And Computer"]], "questions": ["From the passage we learn the author   _  .", "What would be the best title for the text?"], "article": "Programs may already be installed on the computers at your school or university. If not, you can consider looking at catalogues to see what is available on CD-ROM.\n  Some people question whether computers can really help you to read, any better than picking up a book. There is some justification for this, but listen to the arguments from people who believe that computers have something to offer. The first argument relates to motivation. Anything that makes you spend more time reading will be helpful, so if you are someone who likes to turn on your computer as soon as you walk into your room, then you could find yourself motivated to spend more time on your foreign-language reading if it appears on your screen. There is more to computers than motivation, though. You need to make use of all the technical possibilities, because good programs allow things to happen which are not possible with a book.\n  This leads on to the idea of autonomy in language learning. We have already seen many times in this book that you, the language learner, will make a far bigger difference to your ultimate success than your teacher will. With a computer, you can decide how many repetitions to have and how to respond to the commands. In some programs you also shape the direction of the story you are reading by the selections you make. In other words, you don't have to move along at the pace of the rest of the class, which you may find too slow or too fast.\n  The flip side  of learner autonomy is learner misuse of programs. Some programs allow short-cuts which give you a sense of having finished, but without actually having done much learning.  _ At the end of a session  using well-designed materials, you should learn more than some new vocabulary and sentence patterns; you should also learn more about the reading process. As with all aspects of your language learning, you can finish your session with a critical eye to what you have learned from the program. This will include thinking about whether to repeat it or move on to another level.", "id": "high19491.txt"}