{"answers": ["C", "A"], "options": [["It can only be got from pills.", "It can help cure skin cancer.", "It can reduce the death rate of patients with heart disease.", "It can prevent a person's hair from graying and keep it black forever."], ["People should take the right amount of vitamin E regularly.", "If you don't consult the doctor when taking vitamin E, you are sure to become ill.", "People should take as much as vitamin E to keep healthy.", "A person must take vitamin E pills if he wants to be healthy."]], "questions": ["What can we know about vitamin E?", "What advice should we follow when taking vitamin E?"], "article": "Vitamin E can be found naturally in different foods including milk, eggs, green leafy vegetables, nuts, seeds and whole-grain foods. The body's daily requirement of vitamin E can also be met by vitamin E pills. There are several health benefits of vitamin E for our body. \nVitamin E is important in protecting the cells of the skin from strong sunlight, pollution, drugs and so on. Vitamin E behaves like a regulator . It has the ability to regulate vitamin A in the body, which is an important vitamin for healthy skin. Vitamin E oil for skin is good for making skin recover from various damages caused to the skin, because of burn, etc. What's more, regular use of vitamin E oil helps in the prevention of skin cancer.\nHow does vitamin E benefit the heart? A large number of studies have proved that vitamin E reduces the risk of heart diseases. Another has also shown that regular intake of vitamin E lowers the rate of death because of heart diseases.\nIn addition, it has been proved that vitamin E oil benefits hair. It's suggested that you massage  your skin on the head regularly with vitamin E oil for hair. Vitamin E also helps prevent signs of becoming old such as graying of hair and hair loss.\nNow, you may want to start taking vitamin E. However it's advised to consult your health care doctor about the amount that you take at one time, so that you can gain enough benefits from vitamin E.", "id": "high19509.txt"}