{"answers": ["D", "D", "C"], "options": [["unbearable hardships", "various adventures", "funny events", "wonderful experiences"], ["Ibiza.", "Malta.", "The Greek islands.", "Marseille."], ["Its beach clubs.", "Its beautiful sea.", "Its rocky beach.", "Its friendly locals."]], "questions": ["The writer's trip to the two seas was full of  _  .", "From which place did the writer get to the Mediterranean Sea?", "What makes Zrce Novalja so special?"], "article": "Two European Summer Must 'Seas'\nWhen you think of summer,the beach,clear water, sunny skies, and relaxing days are a few things that come to mind, and two of the best places to experience these summer feels are two gorgeous European bodies of water: the Mediterranean Sea and the Adriatic Sea! These two incredible Seas hold some of my favorite travel memories and I would revisit each one in a heart beat!\nThe Mediterranean Sea\nThe Mediterranean Sea can be accessed from various European countries as well as a few North African countries. And while many think of visiting Ibiza, Malta, or the Greek islands to experience the Mediterranean, my Mediterranean beach days came while visiting the seaside city of Marseille in the South of France! Marseille was a lovely city with easy access to the Sea, also with pretty sandy beaches. The gorgeous crystal clear blue water made it unlike any beach day in America! Not only were the beaches amazing, but the city of Marseille was adorable and filled with numerous cute shops and seaside restaurants. And the Mediterranean-style food was delicious!\nThe Adriatic Sea\nThe Adriatic Sea is equally as stunning and surely worth a visit! The Croatian coast has numerous beach clubs, some private and some public, that tourists are able to visit and you can experience the beauty of the Adriatic Sea there! Zrce Novalja, a Croatian seaside town I visited, was impressively featured by the rather rocky beach in place of sand. The rocks were small and smooth, making swimming in the sea and wading in the water just as easy as sandy beaches! Plus the locals in Croatia are also extremely friendly, making the experience even more memorable.", "id": "high19502.txt"}