{"answers": ["B", "C", "C", "C"], "options": [["Most of the Chinese surveyed gave a positive view to the U.S.", "Neither country was given a high positive rating from each other.", "Americans believed that China held the most of U.S. government debts.", "Chinese people surveyed believed that China would become as powerful as the U.S."], ["supporting", "uninterested", "opposing", "doubtful"], ["a new missile defense system for South Korea", "what to do with recent North Korean nuclear and missile tests", "the cooperation on nuclear security", "territorial disputes in the South China Sea"], ["President Obama attached great importance to North Korea's pursuit of nuclear weapons.", "China supports the UN sanctions on North Korean nuclear tests.", "China is unlikely to work together with the U.S. on North Korean nuclear issues.", "President Xi suggests dialogue and consultation to settle down the problems between the two nations."]], "questions": ["According to a 2015 Pew survey,   _  .", "The American government has a(an)   _   attitude towards China's construction along the South China Sea.", "Both American and Chinese governments agree on   _  .", "Which of the statements is not true according to passage?"], "article": "President Barack Obama speaks as he meets with Chinese President Xi Jinping over international security issues during the Nuclear Security Summit in Washington, March 31, 2016. \nWhile they report slow progress over major disagreements, what do average citizens in those countries think about each other? A study by the Pew Research Center offers some answers. Only 38 percent of Americans said they have a positive view of China, according to a 2015 Pew survey. And in China, only 44 percent of people surveyed gave the United States a positive rating. Americans expressed concern about the large amount of U.S. debt held by China and the loss of jobs to China. Last year, the U.S. Treasury Department said China held $1.2 trillion in U.S. government debts. People polled in China said they believe the United States is trying to prevent China from becoming as powerful as the U.S.\nThe views reflect some of the tensions between the nations' leaders. The United States has been strongly against China's construction of artificial islands and military facilities along the disputed South China Sea. And there have been disagreements over how to respond to recent North Korean nuclear and missile tests.\nA joint statement from U.S. and China after Thursday's Obama-Xi meeting said both countries agreed to work together on nuclear security. The Obama administration said China has agreed to sanctions to protest recent North Korean nuclear tests.\nBut Xi expressed opposition to a new missile defense system for South Korea, according to Chinese media reports. Such a system is being considered by U.S. and South Korean leaders to protect South Korea from a North Korean attack.\nAt the start of his meeting with Xi, Obama said, \"Of great importance to both of us is North Korea's pursuit of nuclear weapons, which threatens the security and stability of the region.\" Xi said China and the United States \"have a responsibility to work together.\"\nAs for issues dividing the two nations, Xi said both sides could \"seek active solutions through dialogue and consultation.\"\nThe two leaders met during a 53-nation conference on nuclear security in Washington, D.C.", "id": "high19503.txt"}