{"answers": ["B", "A", "B"], "options": [["define a concept", "introduce the topic", "bring about an argument", "define moral dilemmas"], ["how to deal with moral dilemmas", "what the American values really are", "the difference between justice and revenge", "the importance of having right human values"], ["how to share your own moral dilemmas with children", "how teachers should educate kids on human values", "what kind of human values kids should have", "why kids are likely to be in a moral dilemma"]], "questions": ["The example of bin Laden is raised in order to    .", "The passage mainly focuses on    .", "The passage will most probably be followed by    ."], "article": "The announcement of Osama bin Laden's killing by U.S. Navy SEALs touched off a series of emotional reactions around the world, from joy to grief. For most Americans, it prompted a time of rejoicing, a magnificent sense of closure, and a feeling that justice had been done. But for those who were followers of bin Laden, there was anger, heightened feelings of revenge , and a deep sense of loss.\nHow do we make meaning from such a moment in history? And how do we help children understand the deep values that unite us as a nation? This is indeed a teachable moment for families and for classrooms around the country.\nReactions to murder can be very confusing to children because they are not able to morally reason like adults. Instead of understanding his killing as an act of justice, children may interpret it as an act of revenge. They can internalize joyful reactions to mean\"When someone harms me or my family, it is okay to hurt them back.\"Talking with children about this event is an important lesson in moral development.\nAdults can help children understand justice and revenge by talking about the values behind these two concepts. There are sticky issues here -- and sometimes there are no concrete answers! Getting kids to reflect on and discuss moral dilemmas is important to development.\nJustice is understood differently by different cultures, depending upon their history. At the core of justice are certain shared values about moral rightness, fairness, and ethics that ifbreachedpunishment will follow. Justice is an integral part of the American legal system, a foundation of how our culture thinks about crime and punishment. Justice is about how our actions have consequences.\nJohn Stuart Mill, a British philosopher, suggested that justice evolved from two natural human tendencies: revenge and empathy. Humans have natural empathy for people who are hurt. Indeed, the human loss from 9*11 was overwhelming to everyone, not just those who lost loved ones. Through our ability to put ourselves into another person's place, we feel a natural desire to revenge on those who hurt us. Thus, Mill believed the laws of justice evolved from the difference between empathy and revenge.\nWhat is the difference between justice and revenge? Justice is undertaken and supported by legitimate judicial systems founded on certain ethics and morals. It is meant to be restorative. On the other hand, revenge is often done to make others suffer the same or greater pain than that which was originally inflicted. It can be argued that the type of killing done by al-Qaeda is steeped in revenge because it is designed to inflict the greatest harm on innocent people.\nHelping children understand the meaning of justice and its underlying values is important. It develops a child's ability to develop skills in moral reasoning. And it helps them distinguish between concepts such as justice and revenge. When they are faced with their own moral dilemmas, they will be able to respond.\nAn event like bin Laden's death and the intense emotions surrounding the event of 9*11 are different for each American household. Talk to your children about your feelings. Ask them about theirs. Perhaps they are too young to remember the day when the World Trade Center was attacked and the immense grief you felt. Tell them about that day. Talk about justice -- and the consequences of our actions. Share your own moral dilemmas and how you worked through them.\nCurrent events present an opportunity to talk about American values. It is also an occasion to talk about family values. How do your kids experience the consequences of their actions when they are dishonest, selfish, or treat others with disrespect. Families should initiate conversations about values and moral dilemmas often in a child's life.\nFamilies who create open environments for dialogue with children around values and meaning in life nurture kids who grow up to reason for themselves. Through respectful listening and conversations about moral dilemmas, you can help your child develop into a caring, sympathetic, engaged adult.", "id": "high19520.txt"}