{"answers": ["D", "C", "D"], "options": [["Sixteen.", "Twelve.", "Ten.", "Eight."], ["Not all people like displaying their selfies on social media.", "Social media are to blame for the popularity of taking selfies.", "Young people should put their life and health ahead of selfies.", "Social media should stop their users from uploading their selfies."], ["Indifferent.", "Optimistic.", "Critical.", "Cautious."]], "questions": ["How many people have died from shark attacks according to the passage?", "What does the slogan of Russia's awareness program imply?", "What is the author's attitude towards taking selfies according to the passage?"], "article": "The smart phones that can take self-portraits or selfies have set us free. We can now document every moment of our life and instantly share it with the world through the Internet. However, some believe that it's also causing people to take unnecessary risks that sometimes prove to be deadly!\nAccording to recent reports, the desire to take a breathtaking selfie has killed 12 people. Though that may not seem like a lot, it's 50% more than the death from shark attacks.\nWhile the issues have been known for a while, they came to a head  on September 21st, following the accidental death of Hideto Ueda at the Taj Mahal. It turns out that the 66-year-old Japanese and his companion were trying to take a selfie with the Royal Gate as the background when they fell down some stairs. While the friend escaped with a broken leg, Ueda was not as fortunate. He suffered a head injury and died soon after.\nOther fatal accidents include a 21-year-old Russian woman who fell off a bridge while trying to capture an exciting self-portrait. Three Indian students suffered a similar fate after they were run over by a train while taking a selfie on the railway tracks.\nThe rising number of injuries is forcing officials to take measures. Russia has begun a nationwide awareness program to make its young citizens aware of the dangers of this safe hobby. The campaign's slogan is:\"Even a million 'likes' on social media are not worth your life and well-being.\"\nThough no other country has followed their lead, many are banning the selfie stick! In the last few months many museums, and theme parks including Disney, have banned its use. JR West became the first institution worldwide to ban the sticks both inside Japan's bullet trains as well as out on the railway platforms.\nWhile these measures may help reduce the incidents, the only way to stop selfie-related injuries and deaths is to take responsibility -- not just for themselves but their friends. So next time you decide to take a selfie that appears a little risky, be sure to stop and ask yourself -- is it worth it?", "id": "high19522.txt"}