{"answers": ["A", "D"], "options": [["are not useful for making a living", "are not challenging enough for students", "don't meet the expectation of parents", "don't fit in classroom teaching"], ["be imaginative", "be knowledgeable", "create their own ways of teaching", "encourage people to develop their interests"]], "questions": ["Things little kids like to do are not taught at school because they   _  .", "In the author's view, a good teacher should   _  ."], "article": "Our education system was invented. There were no public systems of education before the 19th century. They all came into being to meet the needs of industrialism. So the most useful subjects for work are at the top and you were probably driven away from what you did as a kid at school--things you liked--because you would never get a job doing that. Is that right? Don't do music. You're not going to be a musician. Don't do art. You're not going to be an artist. In addition, the whole system of public education around the world is a process of university entrance. And the consequence is that many highly talented, brilliant, creative people think they're not because the thing they were good at wasn't valued at school.\nI think we can't afford to go on that way. In the next 30 years, more people worldwide will be graduating through education than since the beginning of the history. Suddenly, degrees aren't worth anything. When I was a student, if you had a degree, you had a job. But now you need a Master's degree where the previous job required a Bachelor, and now you need a Ph.D. for the other. It's a process of academic inflation  , and it indicates the whole structure of education needs changing.\nAll the great teachers I've ever met and worked with are people who can inspire interest and curiosity and light up people's imaginations with the interests they themselves have for a particular field of work. I mean, teaching is not only a process of giving people direct instructions and information they have to memorize, it is much more than that. \nI believe our only hope for the future is to rethink the fundamental principles on which we are educating our children. And our task is to educate their whole being so they can face the future. By the way, we may not see this future, but they will. And our job is to help them make something of it.", "id": "high19536.txt"}