{"answers": ["D", "A"], "options": [["Chat with you like a real friend .", "Turn on your phone's microphone .", "Identify the movie you are watching .", "Show ads based on your conversation ."], ["Walls Have Ears", "The Apple of Your Eye", "Turn off Your Cell Phone", "Facebook : a Caring Brother"]], "questions": ["What might Facebook do if it is turned on ?", "What is the best title for the text ?"], "article": "The Big Brother in the novel 1984 listens to everything and nothing can escape his ears . Now in reality , we have Facebook . The social media giant has never denied that it's keeping track of conversations you have near your phone ( if the Facebook app is open , that is ) , but not , one expert has told NBC that Mark Zuckerberg's empire may be keeping ears on you at a more regular basis . According to Professor Kelli Burns , who teaches mass communication at the University of South Florida , it may be listening more often than it lets on .\nTo prove her point , Burns turned on the microphone feature on her phone , and said , \" I'm really interested in going on an African journey . I think it'd be wonderful to ride in one of those jeeps . \" Less than a minute later , when she checked her Facebook page , she was met by a story about a journey - the first post on her newsfeed . There was also a car ad on her page .\nWhile Facebook says that it's only keeping its ears open to help \" identify the music you're listening to and TV matches you're watching , \" Burns' little experiment suggests that there may be other motivations at play as well . But the social media company has denied claims that it records any conversations , and told The Independent , \" Facebook does not use microphone audio to inform advertising or News Feed stories in any way . Businesses are able to serve related ads based on people's interests and other statistic information , but not through audio collection . \"\nWhether you believe this statement or not , there are ways to stop Facebook from listening in at all . Simply turn off your phone's microphone by heading over into Settings ( if you're an iPhone user ) , going to the Privacy tab , then clicking on Microphone . From there , you can remove Facebook's mic privileges , and probably , stop the company from hearing your conversations . On Android , you can also go to Privacy under the Settings tab , and change Facebook's permissions .\nSo the next time you're chatting with your friends about your summer vacation plans , keep an eye on your Facebook feed . There may be more participants in your conversation than you realize .", "id": "high19545.txt"}