{"answers": ["C", "A", "C"], "options": [["Improve people's hair.", "Dissolve the gum.", "Make pennies shiny.", "Take the place of acids."], ["It can cause harm to our stomach.", "It might make our stomach smaller.", "Mints with cola will produce heat.", "The mint will release poisonous substances."], ["The major ingredients of Coca-Cola.", "Why Coca-Cola is popular among the young.", "Some of the strangest uses of Coca-Cola.", "Why we can't drink Coca-Cola too often."]], "questions": ["What can cola be used to do?", "Why can't we eat a mint and drink cola at the same time?", "What's the main idea of the text?"], "article": "Coca-Cola is probably the most famous brand in the world, and in some areasyou can even access it easier than clean drinkable water. Although the company is trying to present itself as a health-conscious company, you can't really say that drinking cola is healthy for you. Still, we all drink cola, some more and some less, and we tell ourselves that it's all okay as long as we don't overdo it. However, Coca-Cola has other functions besides drinking.\nCola removes the tarnish  from old pennies. Got some old rusty pennies? Not to worry! Put them inside a glass of cola and let them rest for a while. When you get them out, you'll have shiny pennies that will look as if they were coined a couple of days ago. If you couldn't clean those pennies with industrial acids, just buy a can of cola and let it do its magic!\nYou can remove gum from your hair with cola. If you've got gum stuck in your hair and don't know a better way to get it out, don't worry, you won't have to cut it. Just pour some cola into a bowl and dip the part of your hair with gum on it inside. Leave it for a couple of minutes and then simply wipe off the gum.\nYou can make an exploding fountain. You probably know about this one. You can make an exploding fountain by putting a mint  inside a two-liter bottle. Then move away from the bottle and get ready for a Coca-Cola explosion. This is a fun thing to do, but it is also a warning -- don't eat a mint and drink cola at the same time, because a similar thing could happen to your stomach.", "id": "high19553.txt"}