{"answers": ["B", "A", "D"], "options": [["Try to take full advantage of kids' creativity.", "Take pride in them and show them to others.", "Ask kids to make them with great care and love.", "Allow kids to make them entirely by themselves."], ["Approving.", "Doubtful.", "Negative.", "Critical."], ["To introduce some perfect holiday activities.", "To recommend some fun holiday ideas to parents.", "To tell people how to make preparations for holidays.", "To inform readers of some kid-friendly holiday ideas."]], "questions": ["What should parents do as for the handmade decorations?", "What's the author's attitude towards allowing kids to choose the gifts when shopping?", "What is the purpose of the passage?"], "article": "The holidays are coming up, and if you are looking for some great things to do with your kids to celebrate the season, look no further. The more you let them in on the holiday planning fun, the more exciting it will be for them, and the more pride they can take in a successful holiday. There is a tendency to exclude kids from the holiday preparations for many reasons: we want everything to be perfect or maybe we don't trust that they'll do it right. However, involving kids in holiday preparations can be good for them, as well as fun for you.\nKid-created decorations are often the best part of any holiday table. People always love the handmade decorations the best, because they are truly made with love, and they're usually the most fun. Find small things your kids can do, like creating centerpieces or paper rings, and direct their creations. Be sure to put these things out where people can see them when they come over, because there's nothing worse than creating something you're proud of and having it hidden. Let them show your guests what they've made and talk about it. They'll be happy to do so!\nWhat is a better way to get into the spirit of the season than to go shopping? Kids love to pick out gifts for others. Let them choose whatever they think the person they're buying for would like. This will help them to be proud of their gifts, as well as try to budget according to the amount of money you have given them. You can also let them pack their own gifts. Give them options of gift bags or packing paper and watch them go to town. It may not be perfect, but it will be precious, for sure.\nKids love to cook. They love to get their hands dirty and create fun meals with the help of their parents. They also feel a sense of pride in the food items they create, and they love it when people eat what they make and talk about how delicious it is. Allowing your kids into the kitchen can help them learn cooking and baking, and can also give them ownership of the holiday meal. Of course, you'll have to help them along the way, but taking that time can really make a kid's day.\nHoliday crafts are the best. Creating centerpieces and ornaments  is fun, but you can also look to nature for inspiration. Leaf collages   or prints are a fun way to capture the fall. Jack-o'-lanterns are an excellent way to celebrate Halloween, and there is endless inspiration to take from the first snowflakes that fall in winter. Your imagination is the key!", "id": "high19550.txt"}