{"answers": ["B", "C", "D"], "options": [["Brief Introduction to San Diego", "Tips for Visiting San Diego", "Attractions in and around San Diego", "Reasons for Visiting San Diego"], ["the Gaslamp Quarter", "San Diego Zoo", "the Safari Park", "Balboa Park"], ["Because they can't find cheap and fine hotels to stay in.", "Because there are fewer tourist attractions than expected.", "Because the transportation system there is unsatisfactory.", "Because they haven't planned enough time to visit the city."]], "questions": ["Which of the following is the best title of the passage?", "You'd better rent a car if you are to visit    .", "Why may some guests feel regretful when they arrive in San Diego?"], "article": "Planning for the weather\nNo matter what time of year you vacation in San Diego, be sure to bring a light jacket or sweater and bring shorts. During our summer months, we have warm days but cool evenings, especially if you are near the ocean. Those cool evenings can feel cold and fresh if you are visiting from someplace that is typically hot and damp all summer. And during our winter months, we can have days that reach 80 degrees Fahrenheit (27 degrees Celsius). In fact, our winter months are the sunniest months of the year along the San Diego coast.\nHow to get around San Diego\nDeciding whether you need to rent a car for your visit to San Diego? If you are planning to visit attractions in and around downtown San Diego, including SeaWorld, San Diego Zoo, Balboa Park, Old Town, Coronado, and the Gaslamp Quarter, all of these attractions can be readily accessed by public transportation assuming the hotel or place you are staying in is close to a bus or trolley stop. Tour guests comment on how easy it is to use our transportation system, how clean it is, and the low cost for a one-day or multi-day pass that works on both buses and trolleys. However, if you are going to visit attractions further away from downtown San Diego such as the Safari Park or Legoland or if you want to visit our local mountains or desert, we recommend a car rental.\nHow to make time for all the things to do\nOur final tip for now is to plan ahead. Unlike most cities where there may be a few concentrated tourist areas and it's easy to find things as you go, San Diego offers hundreds of attractions and guests tell us they are overwhelmed and certainly didn't plan enough time once they find how much there is to do in San Diego.\nMany guests visit San Diego as part of an extended trip that includes San Francisco and Los Angeles. They often plan fewer days in San Diego because they assume it is the smallest city with the least to offer only to say they wished they had planned more days in San Diego because it offers more things to do in a much more relaxing environment. By planning ahead you can also get discounts for various attractions. For example you can save a lot of money at SeaWorld if you buy your tickets in advance online, at a visitor center or through your hotel. Another reason to plan ahead is that some attractions close early or get sold out since San Diego is a big destination for major conventions and big companies bringing in employees from around the world for special events in beautiful, sunny San Diego.", "id": "high19562.txt"}