{"answers": ["A", "C", "D", "C"], "options": [["Welcome to the Van Gogh Gallery", "Welcome to an Incredible Collection of Artwork", "Welcome to the Van Gogh's life", "Welcome to a Major Influence on Young Artists"], ["One.", "Two.", "Three.", "Four."], ["Painting.", "Poetry.", "Video.", "Education."], ["a magazine on art", "an artist introduction", "the Internet", "a recent research"]], "questions": ["Which of the following would be the best title for the passage?", "How many exact artists are mentioned in the passage in all?", "Which of the following is NOT mentioned about Van Gogh's great impact in the passage?", "The passage is probably taken from_."], "article": "Welcome to the Van Gogh Gallery--the definitive reference for information about the life and work of Vincent Van Gogh. As a post impressionist painter and one of the most famous artists of all time, Vincent Van Gogh has become an icon . From growing up in Holland and pursuing a life as a pastor, to moving to France and creating an incredible collection of artwork, this site takes an in-depth look at Van Gogh's life, his work and the impact he has had on our culture.\nVan Gogh had many influences on his life including his family and friends, as well as other artists such as Paul Gauguin and Edgar Degas. In addition, Van Gogh's health also had a major influence on his life. To see how each of these affected his life please visit the Important Figures, Artistic Influences and Health sections. For information about how Van Gogh's has impacted our society today view the Impact on Art, Cultural References, or News section.\nIf you are interested in adding more Van Gogh to your life, the Van Gogh Gallery has plenty to offer. Download Van Gogh images of some of his most famous paintings as wallpaper for your computer, shop for Van Gogh posters or prints, or check out some of the additional resources available including links to Van Gogh museums and shows. There are even lesson plans from multidiscipline areas for those interested in educating others about Van Gogh's art and life.\nVan Gogh has influenced generations of young artists worldwide since his time. Today we can see his impact in painting, in poetry and in video. We are happy to display new examples of art that were influenced by Van Gogh in our Van Gogh Community Art section.\nTragically , Van Gogh died not knowing the acclaim  his art would receive. Today his legacy is immortal and he will be forever known as one of the greatest artists of the modern era. Through this website The Van Gogh Gallery aims to share his life and legacy with the world.", "id": "high19564.txt"}