{"answers": ["A", "C", "A", "C"], "options": [["much earlier before her visit to the U.S.", "after she became the first lady of China", "after she accompanied Xi Jinping to the U.S.", "when she is compared with Michelle Obama"], ["succeed with the help of their husband", "are busy with various political activities now", "make their achievements through their own efforts", "owe their success to their former famous universities"], ["contributes much to social activities", "pays more attention to girls' education", "cares more about children's health than Michelle", "engaged in the same career with Michelle before"], ["likes to wear tailored clothing most", "prefers to wear clothes of famous brands", "likes to wear dresses made by native designers", "has a fashionable dress style consistent with her status"]], "questions": ["Peng Liyuan got her praise from both mainland and international media    .", "From their background, we know both Peng Liyuan and Michelle Obama    .", "According to the passage we know Peng Liyuan    .", "From her clothing we can learn that Michelle Obama    ."], "article": "Peng Liyuan, China's first lady, who has accompanied her husband to the United States, is no stranger to being in the spotlight. She has been praised by both mainland and international media for her sense of fashion on earlier state visits.\nFollowing her arrival in the U.S., she is set for a much-anticipated fashion face-off with her fellow, U.S. first lady Michelle Obama later this week. Here we take a look at four key differences between the two fashion icons.\n1 Backgrounds\nPeng Liyuan\nPeng, a Yuncheng county, Shandong native, joined the People's Liberation Army when she was 18. She was one of the first people on the mainland to obtain a master's degree in ethnic music at the China Conservatory of Music. Her vocal talents made her a superstar as an army soprano , and she has given many singing performances at home and abroad.\nMichelle Obama\nMichelle grew up with her older brother, Craig, in Chicago. Her father was a water plant operator, and her mother was a full-time housewife until her daughter went to high school. She went to state school, and later graduated from Princeton University with a bachelor's degree in sociology. She then attended Harvard Law School in 1988, where she earned a doctorate in law.\n2 Professions\nPeng Liyuan\nAside from being the first lady of China and a singer, Peng is also the president of the People's Liberation Army's Academy of Art College. She has since stepped down from public performances, but continues with her charity work.\nMichelle Obama\nAfter working as a lawyer, Michelle began to work in public service and was the associate dean at the University of Chicago. She then became vice-president for community and external affairs at the University of Chicago Medical Center before her husband's inauguration.\n3 Campaigns\nPeng Liyuan\nThe World Health Organization appointed Peng as a goodwill ambassador in its campaign against tuberculosis   and HIV/AIDS in 2012. In 2014, UNESCO named her as a special envoy  to promote education for girls and women. She has also joined Bill Gates, co-founder of Microsoft, in promoting World No Tobacco Day.\nMichelle Obama\nMichelle launched the\"Let's Move!\"campaign in 2010 to fight against childhood obesity. She has raised awareness of the need for higher education, and also spoken about empowering young women worldwide through a government initiative called\"Let Girls Learn\".\n4 Styles\nPeng Liyuan\nChina's first lady tends to wear tailored clothing, with clean lines on formal occasions. Internet users have praised her\"elegant ensemble\"and graceful outfits. The 54-year-old supports home-grown Chinese designers, such as Ma Ke, one of the founders of EXCEPTION de Mixmind, a largely unknown fashion brand until she sparked global headlines by wearing a fancy black overcoat and handbag on her first trip with Xi to Moscow in 2013.\nMichelle Obama\nMichelle is more experimental with her style -- her clothes range from casual dresses to off-the-shoulder ball gowns, and tailored trouser suits. The 52-year-old wears clothing mostly made by American designers, which include more affordable fashion retailers, such as J. Crew and Target, and the famous designer Alexander McQueen.", "id": "high19566.txt"}