{"answers": ["A", "D", "C"], "options": [["Boats come every fifteen minutes.", "In the boat the tourists can enjoy drinking.", "Tourists have to spend a day on the boat enjoying scenes.", "Tourists can only see eight tourist sites along their boat tour route."], ["Luxembourg Garden is the largest public park in Paris.", "The Children's Science Museum is very popular with tourists.", "Tourists can enjoy free musical performances at Medieval Tavern.", "Children can exercise their cognitive skills in the Children's Science Museum."], ["have to pay extra money for delicious food", "have to spend 15 Euros per person for food", "can enjoy the food in the old days every Thursday night", "can spend every night experiencing the old life from 8PM to 2AM"]], "questions": ["Which of the following statements about River Boats is TRUE ?", "What can we learn from the passage?", "At Medieval Tavern tourists_."], "article": "We all know that Paris is a popular travel destination, which has much more to offer than just seeing the Louvre and the Eiffel Tower that are well-known. Experience this amazing city through some of its secret places.\nRiver Boats\nTour the heart of Paris by boat along the Seine River! Boats offer 8 must-see tourist stops along their boat tour route. The cost is 13 Euros for a whole day of river boating with stops for tourists to walk through the Parisian sites. There is a 15-minute interval between two boats. Boating along the Seine is a good way to drink in the unique atmosphere of Paris!\nChildren's Science Museum\nIf you are travelling to Paris with kids, the Children's Science Museum is the perfect place to visit. The Children's Science Museum has many exhibits for children. Some exhibits exercise a child's cognitive skills. The cost is low by European standards at only 8 Euros per adult and 4.50 Euros per child. \nMedieval Tavern \nIn Paris , tourists can enjoy the night at Medieval Tavern every Thursday night from 8PM--2AM. This tavern opens its doors to the people of Paris and invites them to experience a life from long ago. The menu includes foods that were enjoyed in old days. The entire experience can be enjoyed for only 15 Euros per person!\nLuxembourg Garden \nThe garden is the second largest public park in Paris. Whether you are interested in a walk through the flowers or a pleasant ride on the old carousel , this park is a good choice. Children like playing in the theater while adults enjoy free musical performances.\nWelcome to Paris and enjoy these attractions.", "id": "high19568.txt"}