{"answers": ["B", "C", "A", "D", "D"], "options": [["She could perform at the gala thanks to her school's strong recommendation.", "She became famous for she was much like Teng in terms of music and image.", "She attended Teng's concert which was held in Thailand many years ago.", "She has performed in China Oriental Performing Arts Group before."], ["Disappointing.", "Unsuccessful.", "Rewarding.", "Meaningless."], ["When her parents brought back home some CDs.", "When she first had the chance to listen to music.", "When she became a member of a music group.", "When people found she was much like Teng."], ["Viseskul is bound to become a superstar in music in China.", "It's nearly an impossible task for Viseskul to be as famous as Teng.", "There's much difficulty for Viseskul to show her potential in China.", "There is still a long way for Viseskul to go before she really shines."], ["A famous music program --TheVoiceofChina", "Viseskul's success in becoming a music star", "A popular music group including Viseskul", "A small Teng from Thailand -- Viseskul"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, what can we know about Viseskul?", "How does Viseskul most likely find her performance inTheVoiceofChina?", "When did Viseskul begin to show her interest in Chinese music?", "Which of the following does the writer most probably agree on?", "What's the best title of the passage?"], "article": "Vanatsaya Viseskul, a sweet-voiced, round-faced 16-year-old Thai singer, whose name, at the moment, is inextricably linked with the late Teresa Teng, a singer from Taiwan whose love songs gained her wide fame across Asia, sat on a chair in a dressing room of a theater in Beijing.\nViseskul was preparing for her performance at a gala  by China Oriental Performing Arts Group, one of the country's most prestigious performing arts groups, which has official support. It was beyond doubt that she was expecting that her debut for this great group would be a success for her career.\nTitled Oriental Love, the gala, which was staged from Dec. 14 to 17 at Mei Lanfang Grand Theater, showcased music and dances from more than 10 countries. Viseskul, representing Thailand, performedTheMoonRepresentsMyHeart, one of Teng's most famous ballads, which is also one of the favorite songs of the young Thai singer. The romance conveyed by this famous song has been attracting millions of people who have ever heard it and it will by no means be forgotten by them.\nIt is Viseskul's first public performance after participating in the popular reality TV show, the fourth season ofTheVoiceofChina, which was aired by Zhejiang Satellite TV from July to October. In this program Viseskul began to be known by the Chinese audience and they were amazed at the similarity of her appearance to that of Teng.\nDuring the show, sheperformed Teng's popular hits. Thanks to her voice, singing style as well as her image, which resembles the legendary Teng, Viseskul gained overnight fame, though she didn't win the competition at last.\nHowever, it seemed that her life did become different after the reality show. With nearly 100,000 followers on her Sina Weibo account, Viseskul was recognized by the Ministry of Tourism and Sports of the Kingdom of Thailand and the Tourism Authority of Thailand for her contribution to promoting a positive image of Thailand in China at the competition.\nViseskul talks slowly and softly in fluent Chinese. It's easy to forget that she is just 16 because of her smile and calmness on and off the stage.\nBorn in a small village of Kamphaeng Phet, Viseskul was fond of singing from the time she was 3. At 7, she listened to Teng's songs for the first time after her parents traveled back from Hong Kong, bringing home the CDs of the singer. You can hardly imagine her enthusiasm about them when spotting and listening to them.\n\"The moment I listened to her songs, I felt so familiar. Though I couldn't speak any Chinese, I learned the songs fast. Since then, I hoped to visit China and become a singer,\"she says, adding that she likes Chinese songs, especially those from the 1970s and 1980s. Many of her friends and  s showed great puzzlement and they just couldn't make out why she was so crazy about Chinese music.\nIn 2014, Viseskul was admitted into the affiliated high school of the China Conservatory of Music. Now, she is studying at an international school in Beijing, focusing on learning Chinese. She also has other plans, such as furthering her studies in Japan or South Korea. However challenging it may be for her to become a superstar, she is determined to carry on regardless of any obstacles she may encounter in the future.", "id": "high19565.txt"}