{"answers": ["C", "D", "A", "B", "D"], "options": [["her children make progress at school", "she can help her children or her sisters", "she can pay back the money she owed", "her children learn to fix a car with her help"], ["She thought it would be embarrassing to seek help from the old.", "She wanted to show she was more successful than her sisters.", "She didn't establish a good relationship with her parents.", "She couldn't bear her parents' difficult state in finance."], ["Their mother's kind action.", "Their financial state.", "Their lack of creativity and courage.", "Their traditional culture."], ["Just refuse them by saying\"no\".", "Try to tell them how to run their lives.", "Remind them to pay back her money in time.", "Try her best to provide them with necessary help."], ["Finance.", "Education.", "Culture.", "Life."]], "questions": ["The author will feel proud when    .", "Why couldn't the author stand to owe her parents' money?", "What prevents the children from changing their ways and getting along on their own?", "What should the author do when others seek help from her?", "In which column of a newspaper can we find this passage?"], "article": "When my parents were alive, they weren't well off financially. Yet they helped their two older daughters time after time. My sisters paid Mom and Dad back part of the time, but when Daddy passed away, his cash journal showed debts due from several of his children. I was not among them. I seldom borrowed money and when I did, at the beginning I set a repayment plan and stuck to it. It was a matter of pride for me.\nWhen you think that I was raised in the same household with my brothers and sisters and had the same parents, it is hard to figure out why I was the only one who couldn't stand to owe them -- or anyone -- money. Maybe it's because I watched my parents struggle to help my older sisters out when they were in financial difficulties themselves. Maybe it's because of that reason, I was just too proud to depend on anyone else.\nThese days, I am the one of those other people turn to for help when they need it. Just as I can't stand to owe other people, I can't stand to say no to anyone who presents a credible case of need. So I am what is called an\"enabler\".\nBeing an enabler is an insidious   disorder. It starts simply enough when you help someone with an extraordinary expense created by an unusual event. Then when people find out you will provide aid, they ask you more and more and you -- being a nice person -- just keep giving. It's a hard cycle to break and I personally have no clue how to escape.\nI'm not angry. I'm not holding a grudge. I don't try to tell my children or my sisters how to run their lives because they ask me for money. Yet I would be so proud of all of them if they were to make more of an effort to handle things themselves, perhaps by doing some financial planning -- like planning not to spend money they don't have!\nAnd I don't see why they can't do this. After all, I'm not lassoing them and forcing them to take my money. I'm just not good at saying\"no\". So I ask you, what can I do when so many people around me have no shame in owing others money?\nOn the other hand, I am doing them a greatdisserviceby my\"kindness\". I remember as a child how my father always said these two things,\"If at first you don't succeed, try, try again,\"and\"I can't get stuck in the fence. I'll try to pull it down.\"As an enabler, I have prevented my children from learning to keep trying instead of turning to me for help. Yes, they could change their ways and learn to get along on their own, but why would they do that? Who among us would choose to be out of a car because we can't afford to fix it when Mom will supply the money to get it fixed?\nYes, I am an enabler; and I am wronging my children by enabling them to be less than self-sufficient. I have known this for a long time but I still can't say no.", "id": "high19576.txt"}