{"answers": ["C", "B", "D", "C", "A"], "options": [["liked the filmThePhiladelphiaStory", "had been greatly impressed by his own brother", "found the meaning stood for his own faith", "favored its unique meaning represented in the Bible"], ["The announcement of the independence of America.", "The effort of spreading knowledge through science.", "The leading place of it in the Western world.", "The honor of being regarded as a scientist."], ["All of the items can be touched by visitors.", "It's only open to children who like to use their head.", "Children will be taught how those things are created.", "It inspires children to learn through hands-on experiences."], ["To accelerate the development of tourism.", "To reduce car accidents in the city center.", "To prevent the young from drinking and making trouble.", "To encourage people to go to church and do community service."], ["It's environmentally friendly and brings more freedom.", "It helps people to save money since it doesn't use oil.", "It helps to develop the balancing ability of the disabled.", "It is fun and special because only foreigners can take it."]], "questions": ["William Penn chose the name of\"Philadelphia\"as he    .", "What would Benjamin Franklin feel proud of in the Franklin Institute?", "What is the feature of Please Touch Museum?", "Why weren't the stores allowed to sell wine on Sundays in Philadelphia?", "What attracts people to the Segway tour?"], "article": "Dear Dr. White,\nWelcome to Philadelphia! Welcome to The City of Brotherly Love! We have some amazing historic sites to see during your stay. Do take advantage of them. You may have seen the filmThePhiladelphiaStory. Actually it is a comedy and still popular among the young though it was shot in the 1940s.\n\"The City of Brotherly Love\", the favored nickname for Philadelphia, is more popular. The name, Philadelphia, which means\"brotherly love\", is an ancient name that can be found in the Bible. Late in the 17th century, Philadelphia's founding father, William Penn, borrowed the name because its meaning represented his own beliefs.\nOur first stop will be the Franklin Institute which is one of the country's best science museums. The scientist and inventor Benjamin Franklin would take pride in the impressive museum named for him and presenting one of the major focuses of his life work -- spreading knowledge of the universe through science. It's the most visited museum and surely the most fun. Benjamin Franklin was one of the Founding Fathers of the United States. Also Franklin was a leading author, printer, politician, scientist, musician, inventor, statesman, and diplomat. As a scientist, he was a major figure in the American Enlightenment and the history of physics for his discoveries and theories regarding electricity. He earned the title of\"The First American\"for his campaigning for colonial unity; as an author and spokesman in London for several colonies, then as the first United States Ambassador to France, he contributed much to the building of the American nation.\nWe won't miss Please Touch Museum too. The straightforward name of this museum is accurate: As the first museum in the nation to target children aged seven and younger, Please Touch Museum encourages children to learn through active touching and doing. It is certainly one of the best places for kids.\nPhiladelphia is also unique in that it has a\"State Store\"system for non-alcoholic beer sales. Wine and spirits  are only sold at stores operated by the Pennsylvania Liquor Control Board. For many years, these stores were called\"State Store\", which were strictly closed on Sundays to prevent those under 21 from drinking wine and harming others. But I will show you around the stores. You can't imagine how impressive the stores are.\nDo you know Segway? It is a two-wheeled self-balancing battery-powered electric vehicle which is popular among those who prefer personal and green transportation. The Segway tour is a unique and fun experience to travel in Philadelphia. If you have never experienced a Segway tour before, we expect you to join us.\nLook forward to your coming!\nSincerely,\nJoy", "id": "high19573.txt"}