{"answers": ["B", "B", "C"], "options": [["Atmosphere and locales.", "Atmosphere and geography.", "Locales and senses.", "Locales and geography."], ["The wood in a fireplace beside you burns up.", "What the freshly-cut grass gives off gets you up.", "You comb someone's hair gently with your fingers.", "You view an exhibition or have delicious ice-cream."], ["What is essential for a story?", "How to develop a story?", "What is the setting of a story?", "How to appreciate a story?"]], "questions": ["What contribute a lot to the mood of a story according to the passage?", "Which of the following is an example of the sense of smell?", "What would be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "A setting of a story acts as a photographic backdrop  to your plot and interacts with the characters. And the following are the elements that make a setting:\nTime is the starting point of your setting. You develop your story and combine characters with respect to your chosen time period. Likewise, your story could evolve from a specific time of the day.\nA locale, in other words, is the clothing of your story. This could be just about any place you have heard of or created. What follows your locales is the architecture of the place -- for example, if your character is born in a Victorian-style house then you will need to add in details like color1ed brickwork or a fireplace to go with your character.\nAtmosphere has got to do with the climatic influences in your story. This could mean the heavy rain, mild wind or big earthquakes. Wrapping your story with weather details is a safe way of lightening the mood of your story.\nGeography of a place, again, helps to set the tone and mood of your story. It could be mushy lowlands, strange forests, steep mountains, lifeless rivers, dead lakes, a snow-covered house in Switzerland. Your description of the geography is an important element of the setting. Likewise, your geographic setting could also involve imagery of ports, farms, temples, yards, etc. that will interact with your plot and characters.\nYour cultural setting greatly helps with your character. The social practices, religious beliefs, political situations of a particular time, cultural trends, tradition, history, cuisine, clothing, music, etc.are some of the cultural factors that you can use to lead your characters through a complex plot or to give a direction to the characters to advance the story. The characters you create are affected by these cultural factors as well as act as their guiding factor throughout the story.\nSenses are extremely vital as they not just add more belief to your story, but also help to bring memories of the reader. Imagine being wakened by the sweet of freshly-cut grass on a summer morning, or sitting by the side of a fireplace while the logs crepitate  , or enjoying Belgian chocolate, or watching the rolling golden reflections of water on cave walls, or moving one's fingers tenderly through someone's thick hair; these sensory descriptions make sure they make your readers more curious.\nWhile you can add many layers to your story through the setting elements above, there are chances that you will most likely lose the sight of the plot as a whole. Therefore, you must know what color1s are appropriate for your imagery, as overloading your painting with too many color1s will make you lose your sense of thesubjectand of your readers as well.", "id": "high19577.txt"}