{"answers": ["B", "C", "D"], "options": [["plan their schedule in a short time", "remember important things better", "strengthen and improve their writing skills", "remind themselves of the importance of keeping healthy"], ["Watching TV daily does no good but harm to you.", "People should go to a gym to do exercise regularly.", "Public transport shouldn't be only considered time-wasting.", "People should slow down and spend more time relaxing."], ["Good habits one should develop in a fast-paced life.", "Tips on enjoying a satisfying and happy life.", "The importance of making positive changes.", "Easy ways to set aside time for yourself."]], "questions": ["By maintaining a diary of daily tasks, people can   .", "Which of the following does the writer agree with?", "What is the passage mainly about?"], "article": "Today, most people follow a routine, such that they are caught in a cycle of running around the clock without getting any breathing space to enjoy a satisfying life. If you could only take a pause and inspect your routine with a new outlook, you would find that it is actually easy to make some positive changes in life. Making time for yourself is one such positive change.\nWaking up early gives you ample time to exercise, have your breakfast peacefully, look after your garden, and then get on with the rest of your day. Morning time can be effectively used for planning the day ahead. As a result, you will get enough time to plan your schedule in a better manner.\nBy maintaining a diary of daily tasks, you offer yourself enough time to prepare your schedule, besides not leaving out the important things that need to be done. By writing down the daily activities at hand, you can make necessary changes to the next day's schedule effectively.\nYou don't have to spend hours in a gym every day to stay fit and healthy. In fact, even if you devote just around 20 to 30 minutes daily to exercises like stretching and walking, it can work wonders.\nWell, the option of using public transport to save time, at first glance, may not seem to be a good idea. However, by using public transit, you will get the time to read books or make those important calls. You would be amazed to know how reading transforms your thought process and personality as a whole.\nWhen you get habitual to watching TV, you waste so much time doing nothing constructive. Many a time, you are not really interested in watching TV. In such cases, you need to break free of this habit and invest your precious time in something worthwhile. Paint something or play a game of chess with your kids. This way, you not only make quality time for yourselves, but also create a positive environment at home.\nInternet surfing, these days, is one of the top time-wasting activities around. Internet users, over time, get habitual to surfing the Internet purposelessly. In fact, Internet surfing is a kind of addiction which many of us find difficult to get rid of. Thus, reducing the amount of time you are on the Internet is one way to save time for yourself.\nA fast-paced life should not be an excuse that is used not to look after yourself. In fact, such a lifestyle should be the very reason for you to treat yourself with great care and make more time for yourself.", "id": "high19578.txt"}