{"answers": ["B", "C", "B", "A"], "options": [["To show his success in architecture.", "To introduce the topic of the passage.", "To show his talent for communication skills.", "To tell readers how to deal with leaking roofs."], ["He felt sad at the news of his bad work.", "He refused to admit he had done a bad job.", "He suggested changing to another solution.", "He was good at creating happiness for others."], ["wait for them to be repaired with patience", "face the trouble with a positive attitude", "control our negative emotions determinedly", "insist on making efforts to repair them"], ["Why don't you move your chair?", "Isn't there a better alternative?", "How to take hold of spiritual joy", "Don't let other people steal your joy"]], "questions": ["What's the purpose of mentioning Frank Lloyd Wright?", "What can we learn about Frank from his reply?", "When we are faced with\"leaks\", we should try to    .", "What is the best title of the passage?"], "article": "Once architect Frank Lloyd Wright built a house for businessman Hibbard Johnson. One rainy evening Johnson was entertaining guests for dinner when the roof began to leak. The water leaked through directly above Johnson, dropping steadily onto his bald head. Angry, he called Wright.\"Frank,\"he said,\"you built this beautiful house for me and we enjoy it very much. But ... the roof leaks, and right now I'm with some distinguished guests and it's leaking right on top of my head.\"There was a pause on the line, and Frank replied,\"Well, why don't you move your chair?\"\nJust when we'd like to have everything perfect in our lives, the roof springs a leak into even the best constructed and waterproof lives. Leaks happen. We have a choice, we can sit under the leak and complain, or we can regain our joy by moving our chair -- changing our perspective.\nNow, some will point out that the reason they have no joy in their lives is that they don't have a reason to be joyful. They have a lot of leaks in their roof. Life seems like it's fallen apart. They aren't satisfied with their job, if they even have one. Their family has problems. Their health isn't good. Their car is under repair. They just can't see a\"reason\"for being joyful. It's hard to be joyful when life is going against you. It's hard to be joyful when you're struggling with troubles, or defeated by pain, or unsure of your future.\nBut there's a problem with that approach to life. If we wait till everything turns out the way we want them to in our lives or we're not going to be joyful until all the leaks are repaired in the roof of our lives...THEN we're never going to experience joy.\nThere's an alternative. You don't have to wait until you're happy with your life. Deep spiritual joy in your life will always bring you happiness. But the pursuit of happiness won't always bring you joy. People have a hard time understanding the difference. Worldly   happiness almost always relies on some situation or event to make us feel good. If something good happens, we'll feel good, but if something bad happens, we won't.\nBy contrast, spiritual joy doesn't depend on present situation. In fact, spiritual joy can often exist despite our circumstances. Don't let other people steal your joy. If the roof is leaking and you can't get someone to fix it right away, move your chair. Change your perspective. Lay hold of joy and take control of your circumstances, rather than swinging with your emotions and continuing to look for happiness.", "id": "high19571.txt"}