{"answers": ["A", "B"], "options": [["You can use blue ink to write notes to your friend from South Korea.", "Giving a fancy kitchen knife to a friend from Russia is a good choice.", "Dining with Japanese, one can use either end of the chopsticks to get food from shared plates.", "Invited to a meal, one should arrive earlier to show respect for the host."], ["A news report.", "A culture column.", "A travel essay.", "A food magazine."]], "questions": ["Which of the following is tree according to the passage?", "where is this passage probably from?"], "article": "When you are traveling, it's vital to know about the customs and etiquette(,)of the global village. What we consider polite behavior at home isn't always accepted outside our borders.\n* Etiquette of Gift Giving\nGift giving should be a happy, positive experience. When selecting a present for someone in Netherlands, don't purchase fancy kitchen knives or scissors. Giving sharp, pointy objects as gifts is considered unlucky. Be careful when presenting flowers to a friend or a business partner in Russia. Yellow blooms suggest cheat or a relationship break up. Traditionally, red carnations are placed on the tombs of the dead. Writing cards or notes while visiting South Korea, be mindful of your pen's ink color1. Writing a person's name in red ink traditionally suggests that the person has passed away--an important point to remember when giving a birthday card.\n* Eating Customs\nBeing early or on time is viewed as being rude, too eager or even greedy in Venezuela. If you are invited to someone's home for a meal, it's recommended that you arrive 10 minutes later than the requested time. When having a meal in Egypt, don't use the salt shaker  . It's insulting to your host to spread salt on your food, which means that you find the meal terrible. Japan is a very polite nation, and their fondness for etiquette extends to the use of chopsticks. According to Japanese custom, if you're in the middle of eating, use the opposite end of your chopsticks to secure food from a shared plate. When doing business in Turkey, it's the custom for your host to pay for your meal. Requests to split the bill won't be accepted. If you would like to pay your fair share, Turks recommend inviting your host to a follow-up meal.", "id": "high19617.txt"}