{"answers": ["B", "A", "C"], "options": [["so that he could become famous", "with the help of one of his customers", "when he moved to a Cherokee Nation", "in order to save the Cherokee language"], ["It is made up of eighty-five letters.", "It uses at least two letters to symbolize a sound.", "was created in the early eighteenth century.", "It was the same as the English alphabet at first."], ["The Cherokee Nation", "A Popular Language", "A Gift beyond Price", "Fine Silver Jewelry"]], "questions": ["Sequoyah learned to sign his work   _  .", "What can we learn about Sequoyah's alphabet?", "What would be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "Sequoyah was born in the 1770s and grew up in the Cherokee village of Tuskegee, Tennessee. He was good at working with silver jewelry  . One day Sequoyah was asked to put his name on the jewelry he made. However, he couldn't write his name because Cherokee was only a spoken language. Sequoyah decided to learn how to write his name, so he asked one of his customers to teach him. From then on, Sequoyah signed his work in English.\nThen Sequoyah realized that a written language was necessary for his people. In 1809, he started by making small drawings, and tried creating a letter for each sound in the Cherokee language. First, Sequoyah picked out all the sounds in the Cherokee language. Then he gave each sound a symbol. Unlike English, however, no two sounds shared the same symbol.\nSequoyah's work was difficult and took a lot of time. What's worse, few people around him understood him. However, Sequoyah didn't stop working. In 1821, Sequoyah completed his alphabet  . Each symbol in the alphabet symbolized one of the eight-five sounds in the Cherokee language. By saying the name of each symbol, a person could read the spoken word.\nSequoyah taught his six-year-old daughter, Ayoka, the symbols. One day they visited the elders of the Cherokee Nation. Sequoyah asked Ayoka to leave while he wrote down what the elders said. When Akoya returned, she read out what Sequoyah had written. The elders were stunned because she was able to repeat the words without being present. Sequoyah's alphabet was soon accepted as the written language of the Cherokee Nation.", "id": "high19612.txt"}