{"answers": ["B", "C", "A", "D"], "options": [["women are less successful than men in top academic positions", "female applicants are at a disadvantage in getting research funding", "NOW's procedures and gender diversity policy enhance fair play", "there are equal chances for men and women to be admitted to a university"], ["grant receivers were more likely to get appointments at universities", "men applicants for research funding outnumbered women applicants", "the research proposals of women are equally treated with those of men", "the reviewers have narrow, prejudiced conceptions of women candidates"], ["The words used in the instructions and forms.", "The reviewers' preference to applications.", "The methods and procedures for evaluation.", "The vague and unclear assessment criteria."], ["Eliminate possibilities for difference in awarding rates.", "Design a language examination for all the reviewers.", "Emphasize the importance of gender awareness.", "Improve the assessment procedures and criteria."]], "questions": ["Van der Lee and Ellemers carried out the research to find out whether   _  .", "Van der Lee and Ellemers' study shows that   _  .", "What might be the main cause for the differences in awarding rates and evaluations?", "What will NWO probably do next in response to the results of this research?"], "article": "Women are still underrepresented in top academic positions. One of the possible explanations for this is the increasing importance of obtaining research funding. Women are often less successful in this than men. Psychology researchers Dr. Romyvan der Lee and professor Naomi Ellemers investigated whether this difference also occurs at the Netherlands Organisation for Scientific Research (NWO) and examined potential explanations.\nThe researchers were assigned by NWO to carry out this study as part of the broader evaluation of NWO's procedures and its gender diversity policy. The aim was to gain more insight into the causes of the differences in awarding rates for male and female applicants for research funding. The analysis addressed an important \"talent programme\" of NWO, the Veni grant. \"Whoever receives this grant has a greater chance of obtaining an important appointment at a university,\"says Naomi Ellemers.\nVan der Lee and Ellemers investigated all the applications submitted by male and female researchers over a period of three years: a total of 2823 applications. Under the direction of NWO these applications were assessed by scientific committees consisting of men and women. The results demonstrate that the awarding rates for female applicants (14.9%) are systematically lower than those for male applicants (17.7%). \"If we compare the proportion of women among the applicants with the proportion of women among those awarded funding, we see a loss of 4%,\" said Ellemers.\nThe study reveals that women are less positively evaluated for their qualities as researcher than men are. \"Interestingly the research proposals of women and men are evaluated equally positively. In other words, the reviewers see no difference in the quality of the proposals that men and women submit,\" says Romy van der Lee.\nIn search for a possible cause for the differences in awarding rates and evaluations, the researchers also investigated the language use in the instructions and forms used to assess the quality of applications. This clearly revealed the occurrence of gendered language. The words that are used to indicate quality are frequently words that were established in previous research as referring mainly to the male gender stereotype (such as challenging and excellent). Romy van der Lee explains: \"As a result, it appears that men more easily satisfy the assessment criteria, because these better fit the characteristics stereotypically associated with men.\"\nIn response to the results of this research, NWO will devote more attention to the gender awareness of reviewers in its methods and procedures. It will also be investigated which changes to the assessment procedures and criteria can most strongly contribute to more equal chances for men and women to obtain research funding. This will include an examination of the language used by NWO. NWO chair Jos Engelens said, \"The research has yielded valuable results and insights. Based on the recommendations made by the researchers we will therefore focus in the coming period on the development of evidence-based measures to reduce the difference in awarding rates.\"", "id": "high19615.txt"}