{"answers": ["B", "D"], "options": [["will be safe if it is fully used", "will be broken if it gets stolen", "will be expensive if it gets repaired", "will not be stolen even if it is unlocked"], ["Bikes in Chile can easily get stolen", "Chile is encouraging the use of bikes", "An expensive bike drew the world's attention", "Three Chileans designed an unstealable bike"]], "questions": ["According to Cristobal Cabello, it can be inferred that the Yerka  _  .", "What is the main idea of the passage?"], "article": "It's a bicyclist's dream: a bike that can't be stolen. The Yerka, designed by three young Chilean engineering students, is the latest entry in a trend of bikes. They use their saddle seat as a lock. They can also use their handlebar as a lock. But the inventors of the Yerka have made an improvement to it. The bike's lower frame opens up into two arms that are then connected to the seat post and locked to a post, so thieves would have to destroy a Yerka to get it unlocked.\n\"That's why our motto is 'A bike that gets stolen is no longer a bike'. What we have here is truly an unstealable bike,\" said Cristobal Cabello, who came up with the design during a college engineering class with childhood friends Andres Roi Eggers and Juan Jose Monsalve.\nIn Chile and elsewhere in Latin America, the spread of cycling lanes, storage racks and bike share programs are encouraging people to change from cars to bikes , which are cheaper and environmentally friendly. Cristobal Galban said a study by his team in 2013 found that the use of bikes has doubled among Chileans in five years.\nThe main problem in Chile and elsewhere is robberies. The most effective strategy commonly used in London today is to take the bike into the office with the rider. Other strategies involve using a bike that looks so unattractive that nobody will want to steal it. But now the Yerka can help solve the problem.\nNow, while waiting for the patent to be approved and carrying out more tests the team plans to raise funds. They're also looking for a partner who can invest $300,000 needed to produce 1,000 bikes first that they hope will be sold by mid-2016.", "id": "high19621.txt"}