{"answers": ["B", "D", "C", "A"], "options": [["To advise us to learn English in Canada.", "To give us some information about homestays in Canada.", "To suggest that we practice English in Canada.", "To encourage us to experience Canadian culture."], ["can follow their own customs and have their own food", "share the same room with one member of the family", "don't need to do the housework", "must adapt themselves to the new life"], ["to improve conversation skills", "to experience Canadian culture", "to solve problems between you and the homestay family", "to experience Canadian family life"], ["The homestay family can stay safe.", "There are not enough keys.", "The room can be cleaned easily.", "The key may be lost."]], "questions": ["What's the author's purpose of writing the passage?", "Students who live in a homestay family   _  .", "According to the passage,living in a homestay can provide all the opportunities EXCEPT   _  .", "Why are you expected to return your key when you leave?"], "article": "Staying in a Homestay in Canada will give you an excellent opportunity to improve your English conversation skills and know more about Canada customs and cultures. Our homestay families are located in areas of Vancouver,Toronto and Montreal,Canada,living from 40 to 60 minutes from the school. These homes are safe,secure,inspected and approved by our homestay program coordinators.\nYour homestay family in Canada will be different from your own,especially the food and customs,but you will become one of the family!\nMost Canadians work outside the home and are active in community affairs. Family members have duties around the home and do many things for themselves. For example,family members are expected to take their own dishes from the dining room to the kitchen and take care of their own possessions. This will apply to you too!\nThere will be many differences,both personal and cultural between you and your homestay family in Canada. We ask both you and your new family to be accepting of these differences.\nEach family will assist you in learning the arrangement of your new home. You will be asked to respect the rules and regulations that are suitable for their household. If any questions arise about your new home,please feel free to ask your family.\nYou will be provided with a clean,comfortable,private room. The room will be furnished with a desk,bed,dresser,closet and good lighting. You are expected to keep your own room neat and tidy. You will have your own house key. Please respect the security of the household. Make sure you return the key when you leave.", "id": "high19620.txt"}