{"answers": ["C", "D", "A", "A"], "options": [["People there cared little about others.", "People there liked to accept new things.", "Living there was a great disadvantage.", "There were many chances of career development."], ["The gestures of greeting.", "The modern transportation.", "The fast pace of life.", "The crowded streets."], ["Travelling to New York City.", "The familiar faces in Jim Thorpe.", "A big place in his / her town.", "Everybody likes talking about others."], ["Love of my small town", "A sense of community", "A pleasant trip to New York City", "Differences between big cities and small towns"]], "questions": ["How did the author feel about life in Jim Thorpe at first?", "What surprised the author most in New York City?", "What made the author change his / her attitudes to his /her hometown?", "What would be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "I used to think that life in Jim Thorpe, Pennsylvania, was filled with never-changing routines. I hated that everyone seemed to know everything about everyone else. Everyone seemed to enjoy talking about other people and their lives. I also didn't like the fact that people seemed very close-minded. I felt trapped. I felt like I was missing out on opportunities. It seemed to me that city life would be the opposite.\nThen I took my first trip to New York City. I couldn't wait to experience the city. However, when I arrived in the Big Apple, it wasn't at all what I had imagined. I knew it was home to thousands of people, but I hadn't had the least expectation to see so many people on the street at one time. All the streets were filled with people. I also felt a little surprised to see that everyone was in a hurry and everything moved at such a fast pace. When I took the subway for the first time, I said hello to the middle-aged woman next to me. She looked at me with dislike and didn't say a word.\nAfter just one day, I realized how important my small town is to me. Now I appreciate the familiar faces I see every day. I like the feeling of security  and belonging my town offers. Jim Thorpe gives me a sense of community and togetherness that the city doesn't provide. I realize just how much a simple hello does for a stranger -- it really can make your day a little better.\nMy big trip showed me that my small town really has instilled  morals and values in me that I didn't even know I had. I never would have known what a big place my town holds in my heart if I had not taken that trip to New York City.", "id": "high19624.txt"}