{"answers": ["D", "A", "C", "B"], "options": [["Some people open up soup kitchens to feed homeless people.", "Some students bring meals to old people who can't go out easily.", "Some people collect money to help a foreign country with a recent earthquake.", "Some students donate books to children in mountainous areas."], ["Because they want to participate in some social activities.", "Because they want to go to better universities.", "Because they can get higher scores at school.", "Because they can realize their dream sooner."], ["Americans are always ready to share with others", "Americans are mostly kind", "poor immigrants needed help badly", "poor Americans couldn't live on without help"], ["The Call from the Poor", "Voluntary Work in the US", "Ways to help the Poor", "American Volunteers Around the World"]], "questions": ["Which of the following charitable activities is NOT mentioned in the passage?", "Why are American high school students eager to do voluntary work?", "American charitable activities started because   _  .", "What's the best title of the passage?"], "article": "It's not uncommon in America for a person to belong to some kind of volunteer group. Donating one's time and services is very much a part of the American way of life. Most charitable activities are organized by churches and groups around the nation and even encouraged by the government. The helping hand is extended to the poor, the homeless and the disabled. Some people work to teach youngsters how to read. Others open up soup kitchens to feed the homeless. Volunteers also take care of the disabled by making reading tapes for the blind and working in orphanages to help children without parents.\nHigh school students are often encouraged to become volunteers and many school club activities center around volunteer services. Students may work with disabled children during a summer program, or participate in a club activity which helps to bring meal to senior citizens who are shut-ins. With their sense of idealism students are often eager to donate their spare time. They see such activities as a way of becoming involved in the community and the adult-world. Social action for them becomes as   important as their academic studies.\nIn a like manner, throughout the year,fund raising drives are also conducted by schools and community groups to raise money for a worthy cause. They may respond to a recent earthquake in a foreign country, a flood somewhere within their own, or another natural disaster which has left people destitute and homeless. They may organize drives to collect food, clothing and medicines to serve an immediate need. Today even the Halloween custom of 'trick or treat'has become an occasion to collect money for a charitable cause.\nThe motive to help those less fortunate comes from the poor origins of the American nation. Those immigrants who were poor and downtrodden became dependent on the kindness of their neighbors to make a new life for themselves.\nAmerican volunteers work throughout the world in less developed countries. They volunteer by serving as a champion of goodwill both at home and abroad, which no doubt enriches both his life and those whom he serves.", "id": "high1962.txt"}