{"answers": ["D", "D", "C"], "options": [["At a reasonable cost.", "It is still reserved for the very rich.", "Travelers enjoy the first-class comforts.", "It is accessible to everyone.44478344447834"], ["Neutral.", "Negative.", "Objective.", "Critical."], ["when traveling,  you notice characteristics which confirm your previous knowledge", "guided tour is disappointing", "the way of touring should be changed", "national stereotypes should be changed"]], "questions": ["Which of the following can best describe the \"grand tour\" now?", "What is the author's attitude toward tourism?", "The author wrote this passage to tell us   _  ."], "article": "With tourism developing fast, you'd expect greater understanding between the nations of the world. Not a bit of it! Superb systems of communication by air, sea and land make it possible for us to visit each other's countries at a reasonable cost. What was once the \"grand tour\", reserved for only the very rich, is now within everybody's grasp so that modern travelers enjoy a level of comfort. But what's the sense of this mass exchange of populations if the nations of the world keep ignoring each other?\nMany tourist organizations deliberately set out to protect their travelers from too much contact with the local population. The modern tourist leads a sheltered life, such as living at international hotels, eating food and sipping drink there. However, he stares at the natives from a distance. Guided tours to places of interest are carefully planned. The tourist is allowed to see only what the organizers want him to see and no more, and language also holds them back. So he is only too happy to be protected in this way. \nThe sad thing about this situation is that it leads to the continuance of national stereotypes. That is, we don't see the people of other nations as they really are, but as we have been brought up to believe they are. So when you set out on your travels, the only characteristics you notice are those which confirm your previous knowledge. You leave with the highly unoriginal and inaccurate impression that, say, \"Latin peoples shout a lot\". You only have to make foreign friends to understand how absurd and harmful national stereotypes are. But how can you make foreign friends when the tourist trade does its best to prevent you?", "id": "high19636.txt"}