{"answers": ["D", "D", "A", "D"], "options": [["fibre", "food", "water", "Water and different foods"], ["energy and fibre in our bodies", "fruit, vegetables and fish in our bodies", "sugar and fat out of our bodies", "poisons and waste out of our bodies"], ["they think they are hungry and eat too much", "they think they are thirsty and eat less", "water has no calories", "it makes them hungry"], ["Fruit provides us with energy and fibre.", "Some healthy problems start because of a lack of water.", "Drinking more water may stop people from overeating.", "The amount of water a person should drink in a day."]], "questions": ["We need   _  for a healthy diet.", "From the text, we know water can carry  _  .", "Lack of water caused people to put on weight too much because  _  .", "Which of the following isn't mentioned in the passage?"], "article": "\"An apple a day keeps the doctor away.\" Similarly, if we drink a little more water ever day, we may find that we need to go to the doctor a lot less often. A healthy diet is made up of water and a great many different kinds of foods. We know that healthy foods like fruits, vegetables and fish, are important as they provide us with energy and fibre, without giving us too much fat and sugar. But why is water important?\nThe human body needs water to survive. Water is important as it carries poisons and waste out of our bodies. However, doctors advise us to drink plenty of water, much more than the small amount we need to stay alive.\nSome doctors believe that water is important for our health in all kinds of ways. They believe that a great many illnesses and health problems stars as a result of dehydration--a lack  of water in the body. Most people are dehydrated at least some of time, although they probably don't know it. It is surprising to learn that if we feel thirsty, we are already in the first stages of dehydration. In fact, we are advised to drink water before we feel thirsty.\nThese doctors think that health problems such as headaches, high blood pressure and asthma could be helped if people drink more water. They also believe that drinking more water can help people who are overweight. Water contains no calories so it will not make us put on weight. If we drink water, we will probably drink less sugary soft drinks such as Coca-cola. Doctors also believe that drinking more water may stop people from overeating. They say that many people think that they are hungry when they are, in fact, thirsty. Doctors suggest, therefore, that we eat less food and drink more water.\nThere are still many health problems that cannot be solved by drinking water, so we should not stop going to seeing the doctor completely. However, if we make a decision to drink water every day, we may find that we need to go to the doctor a lot less often.", "id": "high1964.txt"}