{"answers": ["C", "A", "C"], "options": [["The weather is changeable in the west Africa", "A certain disease spread around the world", "Many farmers don't grow any longer", "It is impossible for conditions to be improved"], ["In Asia", "In Africa", "In Europe", "In America"], ["Chocolate will become cheap sooner or later", "The farmers will produce more cocoa in 2030", "The price of chocolate will be going up all the way", "Dark chocolate will be more popular than common one"]], "questions": ["It is hard to raise cocoa production probably because_.", "Where has the demand of chocolate been increasing greatly according to the passage?", "According to the author's prediction, we can know that_."], "article": "The next time you eat a piece of chocolate, be sure to enjoy it, because according to two of the world's largest chocolate makers--Mars Inc and Barry Callebaut, the treat may soon be in short supply. The problem? We are consuming the candy at a faster pace than farmers can grow cocoa. The manufacturers say that in 2013, people consumed 70,000 tons more cocoa than was produced. Experts say that this is the worst supply-demand imbalance they have experienced in more than 50 years.\nParts of the reason for the condition is the large reduction in supply, caused by a continuous drought in the west African countries of Ivory Coast and Ghana, where more than 70 percent of the world's cocoa is produced. Additionally, a certain disease known as frosty pod has destroyed 30 to 40 percent of global cocoa production. As a result, many farmers have turned to more profitable and easier grown crops like corn. This means that even if conditions improve, cocoa production may never get back to normal.\nMeanwhile, the world is only getting hungrier for chocolate. The biggest increase in demand is from the residents of emerging market countries like India. Though their consumption is nowhere close to the amount European devour, their newly acquired amount for the treat , is making a huge dent  in an already tight market.\nThere is also the growing desire for dark chocolate, which contains more than 70 percent cocoa compared to normal chocolates. Experts believe that if consumption continue at this pace, cocoa deficits   could swell to one million tons by 2020 and to an even more worrisome, two million tons, by 2030.\nNot surprisingly, cocoa prices have risen by 60% since 2012, a cost that manufacturers have offset by raising the prices of everyone's favorite candy. As the situation worsens, the price of chocolate can only rise--so be sure to enjoy piece of the sweet treat, like it is your last!", "id": "high19655.txt"}