{"answers": ["C", "D", "D"], "options": [["He abandoned his wife and family deliberately", "He wanted to make his divorce a top trending topic on the internet.", "He found his wife had an affair with his agent and that she had also transferred the couple's joint assets.", "He wanted to protect himself and individual assets."], ["It is Ma Rong who should take responsibility for the divorce.", "A couple has to \"match\" at every level for a relationship to work out.", "If they get divorced, Wang Baoqiang will have an equal share of their joint assets.", "The announcement of the divorce has made netizens debate the uneven matches and the protection of individual assets in marriage."], ["Wang Baoqiang announced online that he was divorcing his wife, Ma Rong,", "Uneven matches are unlikely to succeed.", "It is important to protect individual assets, even after marriage.", "Why a celebrity divorce has aroused netizens' interest."]], "questions": ["What is the possible reason why Wang Baoqiang wanted a divorce?", "Which of the following is true according to the passage?", "What is the text mainly about?"], "article": "A Chinese actor's divorce from his wife, over her alleged extramarital affair, has social media buzzing, with posts about the subject gaining over five billion views.\nWang Baoqiang announced online on Sunday that he was divorcing his wife, Ma Rong, and sacking his agent, Song Zhe. He alleged that his marriage broke down after his wife had an affair with his agent, and that she had also transferred the couple's joint assets. Ma has hit back at Wang, accusing him of abandoning their family.\nThe topic has sparked a debate about relationships and divorce. It seems Wang's situation has struck a chord with many - which could explain the number of views, which are high even by Chinese standards.\nThe divorce quickly became a top trending topic in China. According to micro blog Sina Weibo, posts with the hashtag \"Wang BaoQiang Divorce\" have been viewed over five billion times. Chinese netizens seem to have rallied around Wang, with topics like \"Wang Don't Cry\" \"Wang We Support You\", quickly trending after news of the divorce spread. Statistics by Weibo showed that 47% of netizens' posts condemned Ma for her affair, saying it had shattered her family. \nBut why are they so interested? what is it about this one that's got all of China ruffled up?\nSome people feel that this divorce seems to fit a certain trope - of a beautiful but ordinary girl marrying a rich but less good-looking man. It is not uncommon to hear the belief that a couple has to \"match\" at every level - be it in status, or physical appearance - for a relationship to work out. Wang and Ma's split has many people wondering if uneven matches are unlikely to succeed.\nA lot of social media discussion has also centred around divorce, and in particular how people can protect themselves. Wang has alleged that his wife transferred and hid some of the couple's assets. They're a wealthy couple - their assets, according to Chinese media, include nine flats, a BMW car and various luxury goods. As a result, people are debating the importance of protecting individual assets, even after marriage.", "id": "high19656.txt"}