{"answers": ["B", "A", "B"], "options": [["Positive.", "Ridiculous", "Boring.", "Puzzling."], ["He was unfamiliar with American history.", "He followed the advice and flipped a coin.", "He forgot his teacher's instructions.", "He was not familiar with the new school."], ["by redoing his task", "through his own efforts", "with the help of his grandfather", "under the guidance of his headmaster"]], "questions": ["What did the author's classmates think about his report?", "Why was the author confused about the task?", "In the end, the author turned things around   _  ."], "article": "Proudly reading my words, I glanced around the room, only to find my classmates bearing big smiles on their faces and tears in their eyes. Confused, I glanced toward my stonefaced teacher. Having no choice, I slowly raised the report I had read carefully, hoping to hide myself. \"What could be causing everyone to act this way?\"\nQuickly, I flashed back to the day Miss Lancelot gave me the task. This was the first real task I received in my new school. It seemed simple: go on the Internet and find information about a man named George Washington. Since my idea of history came from an ancient teacher in my home country, I had never heard of that name before. As I searched the name of this fellow, it became evident that there were two people bearing the same name who looked completely different! One invented hundreds of uses for peanuts, while the other led some sort of army across America. I stared at the screen, wondering which one my teacher meant. I called my grandfather for a golden piece of advice: flip   a coin. Heads--the commander, and tails--the peanuts guy. Ah! Tails,my report would be about the great man who invented peanut butter, George Washington Carver.\nWeeks later, standing before this unfriendly class, I was totally lost. Oh well, I lowered the paper and sat down at my desk, burning to find out what I had done wrong. As a classmate began his report, it all became clear,\"My report is on George Washington, the man who started the American Revolution.\" The whole world became quiet! How could I know that she meant that George Washington?\nObviously, my grade was awful. Heartbroken but fearless, I decided to turn this around. I talked to Miss Lancelot, but she insisted: No redos; no new grade. I felt that the punishment was not fair, and I believed I deserved a second chance. Consequently, I threw myself heartily into my work for the rest of the school year. Ten months later, that chance unfolded as I found myself sitting in the headmaster's office with my grandfather, now having an entirely different conversation. I smiled and flashed back to the embarrassing moment at the beginning of the year as the headmaster informed me of my opinion to skip the sixth grade. Justice is sweet!", "id": "high19669.txt"}