{"answers": ["C", "D", "A"], "options": [["visiting their parents", "learning how to swim", "doing some sightseeing", "living with Native Americans"], ["design", "sports", "beaches", "history"], ["A difficult choice", "An interesting plan", "An unforgettable trip", "A personal experience"]], "questions": ["Emily and Zach will spend their summer vacation   .", "Compared to Emily, Zach is more interested in   .", "What would be the best title for the text?"], "article": "Emily and Zach are confused!  Their parents told them they could choose between Massachusetts and Arizona for their vacation this summer.\nEmily has always wanted to visit Boston, the capital of Massachusetts. Zach and she both agree that walking along the Freedom Trail would enable them to see Boston's most famous places of historic interest, like the site of the school Ben Franklin attended and the Old State House. If Emily and Zach go to Massachusetts, they could spend a few days at the beaches on Cape Cod. Emily loves body boarding, and Zach is great at body surfing. They both enjoy building sandcastles with their mom and dad.\nZach finds learning about Native Americans wonderful and has always wanted to travel along the Apache Trail in Arizona. This mountain highway passes Native American ruins in Tonto National Forest. Emily is not as interested in traveling along this trail as Zach, but they both would like to visit Phoenix, the capital, and then travel to Grand Canyon National Park and Meteor Crater .Zach learned in science class that Meteor Crater is a hole over 4,000 feet wide and 520 feet deep that was created when a huge object from space fell to Earth. The object went so deep that it has never been found. Zach would really like to try to discover it. But Emily thinks if experienced scientists and researchers cannot find it, Zach might as well not even bother to try.\nThe only drawback for Zach and Emily if they choose Arizona would be the heat. It is very hot and dry in this southwestern state. Massachusetts, on the other hand, is in northeastern United States. Here Zach and Emily and their parents could enjoy mild temperatures. Their parents love hot weather, but Zach and Emily do not really like to sweat.\nHow will they ever decide to which state they should travel? If only they could take two trips!", "id": "high19662.txt"}