{"answers": ["D", "B"], "options": [["Positive", "Satisfied.", "Doubtful.", "Unwilling."], ["He liked the author very much.", "He wanted the author to accompany him.", "He wanted to work with the author.", "He planned to teach the author something."]], "questions": ["What's the author's initial attitude towards volunteering?", "Why did Colonel Hems worth invite the author to his table?"], "article": "Back in freshman year, I found myself wondering whether it should really be called \"volunteering\" if students only do it because they have to.\nI ended up volunteering at Weyrich Health Center, helping elderly patients with daily tasks. The more I did these tasks, the more disconnected I felt from the seniors. Though I felt bad for them, I did not want to interact with them.\nThen one rainy day, I met Colonel Hemsworth. He invited me to his table and asked for some company. I regarded this as another boring task. However, when I listened to his stories, I learned that he was a brilliant war veteran ,and I found his tales interesting.\nAfter my brief talk with the Colonel, I realized that I shared common characters with all the seniors. I felt like an oxygen molecule ---ready to form a relationship--rather than an isolated gas.\nI met with many learned senior citizens who shared their experiences and wisdom. No longer did I walk aimlessly down the hallways. I found myself enjoying talking with these people as I learned their histories. Why hadn't I realized sooner that volunteer work could enlighten me?\nSome people argue that volunteering and working for change does not help. However, they fail to realize that the world is constantly changing and humans must adapt My experience at Weyrich Health Center has taught me that refusing to change one's views and accept new ones leads to short-term goals that finally disappear. Communication with others is an important part of life. Volunteering is not just a requirement or a way to improve your resume, it is a time for service and personal growth.\nNow I enjoy volunteering my time surrounded by seniors who bring history alive for me. By communicating with them, I have developed into a more dynamic person.", "id": "high19667.txt"}