{"answers": ["A", "D", "B"], "options": [["he is not afraid", "he is outgoing", "he is angry", "he is cool"], ["move your arms a lot", "cross your arms", "move your head a little", "keep your head level"], ["Body language, the most commonly used language", "Body movements give away secrets of mind", "Arms tell more than legs", "Facial expressions tell the truth"]], "questions": ["When someone is keeping his arms behind his back, he tries to tell you that    .", "If you want to appear confident, you should_.", "Which of the following can be the best title of the passage?"], "article": "Body language is the quiet, secret and most powerful language of all! It is said that our body movements communicate about 50 percent of what we really mean while words only express 7 percent. So, while your mouth is closed, your body is just saying.\nArms. How you hold your arms shows how open and receptive you are to people you meet. If you keep your arms to the sides of your body or behind your back, this suggests you are not afraid of taking on whatever comes your way. Outgoing people generally use their arms with big movements, while quieter people keep them close to their bodies. If someone upsets you, just cross your arms to show you're unhappy.\nHead. When you want to appear confident, keep your head level. If you are a monitor in class, you can also take on this position when you want your words to be taken seriously. However, to be friendly in listening or speaking, you must move your head a little.\nLegs. Your legs tend to move around a lot more than normal when you are nervous or telling lies. If you are at interviews, try to keep them still.\nPosture  .A good posture makes you feel better about yourself. If you are feeling down>> you normally don't sit straight, with your shoulders inwards. This makes breathing more difficult, which can make you feel nervous or uncomfortable.\nMouth. When you are thinking, you often purse your lips. You might also use this position to hold back an angry comment you don't wish to show. However, it will probably still be noticed, and people will know you're not pleased\nFace. When you lie, you might put on a false face. But that expression would crack briefly, allowing displays of true emotions such as happiness, sadness, disgust and fear to come through.", "id": "high19665.txt"}