{"answers": ["A", "D"], "options": [["Mr. Walker didn't know the author was his student", "the author knew Mr. Walker was right behind him", "the author decided to invite Mr. Walker to lunch", "the lady didn't want to charge the author for his lunch"], ["The author's parents had informed him of Mr. Walker's visit.", "The author had invited Mr. Walker to his graduation ceremony.", "Mr. Walker went to visit the author frequently.", "Mr. Walker had a very close relationship with his students."]], "questions": ["At the dining hall,   _  .", "What can we infer from the last sentence?"], "article": "My first day of high school was like any other first day: registering, finding new classmates, meeting new teachers, and seeking new friends.\nDuring lunch, I ran into my first snag of the day. At the dining hall, as the checkout lady asked for my money, I realized that I had forgotten my money. When I told her about it, I heard a voice behind me. I turned around and there stood a teacher telling her he will pay for my lunch. He told me his name was Mr. Peter Walker, and said, \"If you get a chance, you should take my history class.\" I recognize his name, and told him I was in his class later that day. Mr. Walker befriended me on the very first day of school at a very crucial time of the day---lunch!\nHe always told us we should do more than we ever thought. He pushed us to do all things better. He coached many sports, and sponsored many after class activities. If we were interested in something, he would find a way to expose us to it, say, inviting speakers, taking us on field trips, or obtaining information for us.\nTwo years later, my junior year in school was clicking along nicely when one day I was riding my motorcycle and I was hit by a car. I spent six days in hospital and was at home in bed for two weeks before returning to school. Mr. Walker stopped by the hospital each day with my work from my teachers. Once I was at home, he would bring my work too.\nAfter high school, I attended the United States Army Airborne School in Georgia. I knew my parents would be there the day I graduated, but they brought an unexpected guest. They came across Mr. Walker at lunch several days before and told him I was about to graduate. His visit, however, was not a surprise to me.", "id": "high19676.txt"}