{"answers": ["D", "C", "D", "C"], "options": [["meet her old friends", "study a new language", "go on with her teaching", "prepare for her retirement life"], ["food", "homesickness", "language", "income"], ["overseas Chinese are good at communication in Canada", "the trip to Montreal is a good chance for people to study", "overseas Chinese feel disappointed at their life in Canada", "people should think carefully before chasing the dreams abroad"], ["Improving Life Skills in Canada", "Exploring Different Parts of Canada", "Struggling for a Better Life in Canada", "Going to Canada--Your Ideal Destination"]], "questions": ["The writer went to her hometown to   _  .", "The main barrier for some Chinese to get knowledge in Canada is   _  .", "The writer thinks that   _  .", "What is the best title for the passage?"], "article": "After finishing my teaching for a school year, I thought that I should go back to Montreal, Quebec, my hometown for a visit. My main goal was to relax in preparation for the challenges of my retirement in the coming year.\nThrough my stay in Montreal, I met lots of Chinese who are struggling to succeed and then lead a better life in Canada.\nSome travelled thousands of miles to get knowledge. When I spoke with some of them about the major barrier they had to face after they arrived in Canada, they all talked about the two official languages of Canada. But I was impressed by their ability to express their ideas while switching between English and French.\nAlmost all of those people said they often felt homesick. They miss their families and friends. Though Montreal has lots of Chinese restaurants, they long for a home-cooked meal.\nI met some tourists who were trying to realize their childhood dreams of experiencing the life in a developed country. When I asked them if Montreal had lived up to their expectations, they hesitated. They said that reality never agrees with fantasies. However, they were glad to have the opportunity to visit Montreal and didn't regret taking the trip.\nNot all the Chinese people I met were happy. I once met a young lady who met with a gentleman through the Internet. However, to her disappointment, he disappeared after he promised to marry her in Montreal.\nI was served by another Chinese person who could not handle the challenges of studying in an English environment and ended up working in a restaurant with minimum pay.\nExploring different parts of the world, without any doubt, is an enriching experience. However, one should be realistic when it comes to leaving his hometown to set up a new life in a foreign country. One should take the time to examine the advantages and the shortcomings of the venture before they decide to chase an uncertain dream of achieving success or leading a better life.", "id": "high19673.txt"}