{"answers": ["B", "B", "D"], "options": [["She was relaxed.", "She felt stressed.", "She was worrying about Rio.", "She was still annoyed with Bryan."], ["No pains, no gains.", "Live in the moment", "Nothing is impossible.", "Troubles never come singly"], ["How I trained my dog", "A busy day with Rio", "Dogs in animal shelters", "Lifted by walk in fallen snow"]], "questions": ["How was the author at the beginning of the walk?", "What did the author learn from Rio?", "Which can be the best title for the text?"], "article": "In the early morning, I headed for the back door and found 10 inches of snow blanketing our home. Oh, no, Bryan would have to clear the roof again, I thought. But Rio rolled onto his back, playing in the white stuff and kicking his back legs, delighted. His days in an animal shelter in New Mexico were long forgotten---he had wholeheartedly enjoyed life as a Colorado dog.\nRio needed a walk. I had planned to attend an emergent webinar, but my husband was busy clearing. Rio pushed my leg with his snout  , wondering why we were still inside. We were overdue for our morning hike. I pulled on my boots reluctantly. I didn't have time for this.\nRio and I walked a block through our neighborhood to the beginning of a road. Rio leaped happily into the snow, which was up to his neck. But I walked slowly with heavy steps, worrying about my to-do list, and I didn't notice that the world around me until Rio started barking.\nA squirrel chattered   at him from a high branch of a pine tree. We hadn't seen a squirrel in at least a week because of all the storms, so this was a treat for us.\nOnce again, my animal teacher was reminding me to enjoy the present moment, and I was grateful. I took a deep breath ans looked around. Suddenly, there was an explosion of snow. A nearby tree had released its heavy burden, snapping back upright. Silver snowflakes dusted the air around me as a group of birds fled the area, talking to one another as they flew overhead.\nI watched and listened in wonder for what seemed like a full minute. There would be 1,440 minutes in this day, but this was the one I would remember most. Then I looked back to the earth and there was my sweet boy, waiting patiently for a treat. He knew I would want to celebrate this moment we had just shared.\n\"I love you, Rio!\" I said as I gave him a cookie. He had trained me well.\nWhen we walked home, I smiled broadly, spirit washed clean, ready for whatever the day might bring.", "id": "high19683.txt"}