{"answers": ["C", "D"], "options": [["In Russia.", "In Libya.", "In South America.", "At the Oregon-Idaho border."], ["Lake Baikal is the biggest lake in the world", "the highest temperature ever measured was 136 degC", "the Angel Falls drops from a height of 3,212 meters", "one end of the Grand Valley is in Colorado and the other in Utah"]], "questions": ["Where is the longest mountain range in the world?", "We can learn from this passage that   _  ."], "article": "Our planet was born some billions of years ago. Ever since this planet has developed, it has surprised us human beings. No matter how much we human beings have developed technologically, we cannot ever create this kind of natural planet. The human race can only discover some amazing facts about it. Let us find out what some of them are.\nOn September 13, 1922 El Azizia, a place in Libya, recorded a temperature of 136 degrees Fahrenheit. This was the highest temperature ever measured   on the planet Earth. The highest waterfall in the world is Angel Falls in Venezuela, which drops from an amazing height of 3,212 feet. The waterfall drops over the edge of Auyantepui in the Canaima National Park. The gravitational pull   of the Earth can be escaped if someone moves at a speed of 6.95 miles per second. At such a speed, one could travel from New York to Philadelphia in just 20 seconds. If the entire water in the world's oceans evaporated, the salt we got from these oceans could cover the entire planet with a 500-foot deep layer of salt. The deepest lake on Earth is Lake Baikal in Russia. Lake Baikal is the largest freshwater lake in the world, containing about 20% of the world's unfrozen surface fresh water. The Andes in South America spreads over 4,525 miles. This is the longest mountain range   in the world.\nDid you know that the biggest valley in the world is the Grand Valley in Mesa County, Colorado and Grand County, Utah? It is about 30 miles (48 km) long and 5 miles (8 km) wide, along the Colorado River. The amazing facts about the earth are too many to be told completely above.", "id": "high19697.txt"}