{"answers": ["B", "D", "A", "A"], "options": [["His behavior didn't matter in the rescue.", "He didn't undergo risk in the rescue.", "He didn't want to make himself public.", "His travel to Prague was simply for a holiday."], ["His strong desire to do good.", "His determination to be a hero.", "His hatred towards Nazis.", "His sympathy for children's fate"], ["He didn't want the rescue to have great impact on his future life.", "He merely wanted the children to be adopted as soon as possible.", "He felt sorry for the disappearance of 250 children on the last transport.", "He was satisfied with the effort that he had made to rescue the children."], ["A job well done", "A risky rescue", "A group of lucky children", "A living legend"]], "questions": ["Why did Nicholas Winton refuse to regard himself as a hero?", "What made Winton decide to help rescue the children?", "Why did Mr Winton show little enthusiasm after children arrived in Britain?", "What is the best title for the passage?"], "article": "Sir Nicholas Winton, rescuer of children, died on July 1st,2015,aged 106.\nWhen the letters and the honor came knocking on the door of his house in Maidenhead, and the filmmakers came calling, Nicholas Winton always protested that he was no hero. Heroes faced danger; he never had. They put their lives on the line; he had just worked at home in Hampstead, after a day being a stockbroker in the City. They avoided bullets and the secret police; he wrote letters, made telephone calls,and composed lists.\nThe fact that he had rescued 669 children from Czechoslovakia just as the Nazis invaded did not, in his mind, constitute heroism. He hadn't gone out there in 1938 with any burning urge to do good; just for a holiday, in fact. Nor had he gone looking for children to rescue. Instead they and their parents had come to him, as soon as word got round that he might be able to help them leave Prague and get to the West. From 6.00 a.m. the knocks would come at the door of his room in the Europa Hotel, and he would open it to find some shivering, starving, desperate figure.\nWhen faced with a problem, his instinct was to solve it. So he made lists of the children, took their photographs, got them Home Office entry permits, found them foster families and organised their departure on trains, via the Netherlands, to Liverpool Street. After just three weeks in Prague, he went back to Britain and carried on the work from there.\nThe British Committee for Refugees from Czechoslovakia gave him almost no help, so he took sole charge himself. The Home Office was slow with entry permits, so he copied some illegally. In search of foster-parents for the children he put their photos in Picture Post; in the hope of farther havens for them he wrote to governors and senators in America and even to President Roosevelt, to no avail. He could have rescued at least 2,000 more, he said later, if America had been willing to take any.\nA hero might have got involved in the stress and distress of individual cases. He avoided that by treating them like a commercial transaction: like the world he knew, in fact. A market was created, takers were sought and any likely bidder would do. Siblings were separated, if necessary. Jewish children  they were almost all Jewish  were often placed with Gentile families. Mr Winton did not care and he just had to get the children out alive and fast. When they arrived, exhausted, at Liverpool Street he seldom greeted them himself, preferring to stay calmly at a distance. Only one event traumatised him: the disappearance of 250 children on the last transport of September 1st 1939,as war was declared. But this awful thing too he stored at the back of his mind, realising that he had done all he could and his part was over. The scrapbook of lists, photographs and begging letters went up to the attic; he said nothing about it, and moved on.\nHe liked it that way. The silent background suited him very well. For 50 years he sat on the Czech story, not supposing anyone would want to know, until in 1988 the scrapbook came to light and, with it, a blaze of publicity, culminating in an evening on Esther Rantzen's \"That's Life\" TV show when the whole audience suddenly stood up round him, applauding him,and every one was a child he had saved. It was \" ly awftil\",he thought; and wept with long-suppressed joy.\nHe was still no hero, though, in his own book. He had had no desire to improve the world: indeed, not even much idea which job he was best suited for. At his father's suggestion he had tried banking first, having left Stowe with nothing much to show for it. After the war he dabbled in business,but it didn't take. In later years he worked for a mental-health charity and helped to set up homes for the elderly; and wondered why saving the Czech children was deemed more heroic than those things. He had simply done what needed doing at that time, in that place. Surely any decent person would have done the same?", "id": "high19736.txt"}