{"answers": ["C", "D", "B", "D"], "options": [["We can travel more easily.", "We can learn our culture.", "We can understand each other.", "We can develop transport."], ["Because it is not a natural language.", "Because it is not a world language.", "Because there is nothing interesting in the language.", "Because there is no country using this language as the main language."], ["French words enter the English language", "English words enter the French language", "the French language is becoming international", "the English language is becoming international"], ["they are proud of their own school", "they dislike a widely used language", "a process has not become very popular", "a foreign language has certain dangers"]], "questions": ["What are the advantages of an international language?", "Why would many learners think Esperanto boring?", "The invention of the new French word \"franglais\" shows that   _  .", "Every nation doesn't accept a living language as a world language partly because   _  ."], "article": "The advantages of an international language in the modern world are obvious. Thanks to modern methods of transport, we can travel everywhere more easily and more quickly than ever before, but the language problem still remains. Without a common language, there may be misunderstandings between people of different countries. There are two possible solutions to this problem: either we choose one of the main living languages of the world, or we make up an artificial  one. But neither solution is simple because no living language will be acceptable to everyone and because an artificial language, such as Esperanto, has no culture and would be thought boring by many learners.\nIt is often said that English is quickly becoming a world language. It is certainly the most widely used language in the world, and second only to Chinese in its number or native speakers, but there are certain worries of choosing English as an international language.\nFirst of all, for political reasons and national pride, English is not acceptable to everyone as a world language. Many dislike its influence. English words enter their language and this often threats their own language. In France, a new word \"frangla is\" has been invented to describe the results. Although English is being taught in more and more schools abroad, the process is not always popular. Not every nation is prepared to accept the leading position of English in their education system", "id": "high19743.txt"}