{"answers": ["C", "B", "D"], "options": [["can't get a sound sleep", "are thinking of something hard to settle", "feel stressed in their daily life", "are suffering a persistent headache"], ["mouth guards are used at any time", "a protective layer is effective in stopping teeth injury", "mouth guards are only fit for the old people", "stressful people should avoid using mouth guards"], ["the relaxation technique is helpful in reducing tension", "a mouth guard can help you have a good night", "the daily stressful situations will appear in the dream at night", "you can get rid of bruxism by putting yourself at ease"]], "questions": ["The reason people grind their teeth is that they   _  .", "According to the text we can know   _  .", "We can NOT know from the text that   _  ."], "article": "There are always times in the day when you catch yourself clenching your teeth if you are trying to focus on something important or concentrating on something. Of course, if you are doing this in your sleep you won't be able to catch yourself and stop.\nThe good news is that there are things you can do to help relieve the pain that is caused from bruxism  and help keep your teeth healthy as well. If you wake up in the moming with sore jaws, pain in your neck and shoulders, or a persistent headache, you are more than likely to have bruxism.\nA lot of medical professionals think that a major aspect of bruxism is from stress. Everyday life can be filled with stressful situations and this stress gets released at night when you are sleeping. If you suffer from stress on a regular basis you can try a relaxation technique before you go to bed. The hope is that by relaxing your body and mind you will let go of the stress that will cause you to grind your teeth while you are sleeping. This routine has worked for millions of people and is a good thing to try first.\nWhile relaxation to relieve stress sounds pretty good, there are people that this technique doesn't work for. For these people, there are mouth guards that you can wear while you are sleeping that will help protect your teeth. These mouth guards will put a protective layer between your teeth in order to ease any issues that grinding your teeth may cause.\nIf you want to get the best possible relief you should try both the relaxation techniques and a mouth guard. The mouth guard will keep your teeth from damage and the relaxation techniques will help ease the stress that your body might be feeling. Nothing can be better than relieving both pain and stress when you need it most, while you are sleeping.", "id": "high19752.txt"}