{"answers": ["B", "D", "A"], "options": [["to do business", "to see her children", "to visit places of interest", "to see her old friends"], ["She is too old to drive now.", "She does not like to take trains.", "Although she is old,she has a good memory.", "Her daughters live far away from her home."], ["Train ride-a cultural experience", "A painful experience on the train", "The history of Amtrak", "A wonderful lady"]], "questions": ["According to the passage,the purpose of the author's train ride was    .", "Which of the following is TRUE about the old lady sitting next to the author?", "What is the best title for this passage?"], "article": "Have you ever thought of taking a train and having an adventure ?Riding the train can be a real adventure. That is how I feel every time I take Amtrak. I often take a four-hour trip to visit my children. Every time I take this trip I never know what will happen.\nLast week when I was on the train and over an hour into the train ride,there was a man sitting by himself in the back of the train carrying on a mobile phone conversation-in another language. It was loud and disturbed most of the people on the train. I think it was annoying.\nFortunately I sat next to a wonderful old lady who was taking a two-day trip by train. She said her two daughters were distraught at the thought of her driving for three days to reach her home,although she had no trouble driving. The train ride was the only choice for her. She loved to look out of the window and watch the world go by on the train.\nShe was fun to talk to and asked me when my children started being parents. That is a very good question. Both of us are old and have children. She asked that same question from time to time.\nThere are always many people on the train from all walks of life,different countries,and many  languages. Riding the train is a great way to increase your knowledge and take in all kinds of cultures. If you get hungry,you can buy food in the food car at any time. If you need to use the restroom there is always one available.\nIt sure beats driving the car,which has to stop for food and restrooms. And it is better than taking the bus.", "id": "high1975.txt"}