{"answers": ["B", "C", "A", "A"], "options": [["Because she met her bestfriend.", "Because she helped astrange old lady.", "Because she learned howto use a wheel chair.", "Because she had anappointment with her doctor."], ["The old lady had a heartattack.", "The author had met theold lady before.", "The old lady's words inspiredthe author.", "The author went back witha wheelchair alone."], ["She trusted the author.", "She was not easy to getalong with.", "She didn't know anybodyexcept the author.", "She disliked the receptionistwho came with the author."], ["Little things mean alot", "God help those who help themselves", "Better late than never", "Start well and end well"]], "questions": ["Why was the day special to the author?", "Which is True according to the passage?", "Why did the old lady want the author tohelp her?", "What's the best title for this passage?"], "article": "Today was a special day for me. I had my doctor'sappointments in a town that's about 45 minutes from where I live.\nAfter my appointment was done, Istarted walking down from the building through a long breezeway  and I noticed an elderly woman pacing at the end. I asked if she waswaiting for someone or she needed assistance.\nAs it turned out, she was havingtrouble walking the distance and had looked for a staff member to pick her up.No one had come for several minutes. I asked her to sit still when I went toget a wheelchair. I ran full speed to the help desk and asked for one. Thereceptionist and I walked to the end of the breezeway to the lady, who said, \"Iwant her to help me.\"She was referring to me. I carefully, slowly andattentively helped the woman into the wheelchair. After she was seated, shesoftly looked up to me and thanked me for my help. How could I not have helpedher? I just wanted her to be alright.\nWhen I returned home, I called my bestfriend to ask if she needed me. She wanted me to take her and her boyfriend tothe Boost Mobile Store. I did and after all was taken care of, I took myfriends back home. I thanked them for the opportunity to help them and that Iappreciated it. Maybe it meant little to them, but a lot to me.", "id": "high19776.txt"}