{"answers": ["C"], "options": [["Focus on what you are capable of rather than what you are not.", "Take pride in your achievements however big or seemingly small they are.", "Share your talent for it helps to improve yourself.", "Don't feel guilty about your past."]], "questions": ["Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?"], "article": "We are constantly bombarded with visions of how we are not good enough or how we need to improve ourselves. And it's not only external things that cause us to have such low self-esteems and feel bad about ourselves either, but your negative inner thought reflects your way of being real with yourself. Little things like: I'll never get it done; I don't deserve that; I could never wear that; and I'm not smart enough. Instead of focusing on and telling yourself what you can't do, try focusing on what you can do.\nHere are a few ideas worth trying to build yourself up and fall in love with yourself all over again.\nFocus on your strengths. We all have strengths and luckily they are not all the same. Do things you are naturally good at and enjoy and you will build self-confidence, efficiency and pride.\nBe proud of your accomplishments. No matter how big or seemingly small your accomplishments are, you should be very proud of each and every one of them. Whether it's completing high school, university, starting your own company, having kids and raising a family, completing a project that's hanging around for far too long, be proud. Celebrate the small and large accomplishments and everything in between.\nShare your talent. If you've got a talent, share it with the world. If you can write - write, if you can dance - dance, if you can organize ...well you get the picture. Believe it or not there are people out there who could benefit greatly from you sharing your talent. Ever notice how giving to others makes you feel so incredible about yourself?\n  ^  . Guilt is a weird thing. All guilt does is hold us in the past reliving  something we wish we could change. Not going to happen I'm afraid. Forgetting is a choice.The past is the past--I know you've heard this before but the more you hear it the more you may start to believe it.", "id": "high19779.txt"}