{"answers": ["B", "C"], "options": [["Timmie fails to get used to the life in his own time.", "Edith's appearance prevents Neanderthal and Cro-Magnon from having a conflict.", "Timmie is the cause of the conflict between Neanderthal and Cro-Magnon.", "Edith looks very beautiful in the eyes of the ancient people."], ["Time travel is not only a dream.", "Even strangers can be very close friends.", "Enemies can live in peace if they have the same beliefs.", "People from different times have different thoughts."]], "questions": ["What is implied in the passage?", "What can we learn from The Ugly Little Boy?"], "article": "Have you read The Ugly Little Boy? Well, here is the plot.\nA Neanderthal child is brought to the present day as a result of time travel experiments. Edith Fellowes, a children's nurse is asked to take care of him. She is at first driven back by his appearance, but soon begins to consider him as her own child, learns to love him and realizes that he is far cleverer than she at first thought. She names him Timmie and tries to make sure that he has the best possible childhood. She becomes angry when the newspapers refer to him as an \"ape-boy\". Edith's love for Timmie brings her into conflict   with her employer, in whose eyes Timmie is more of an experimental animal than a human being.\nIn the end, her employer thinks that his organization has finished all the experiments with Timmie. He wants to move on to the next project, which is to send Timmie to his own time. Miss Fellowes fights the decision, knowing that now he could not survive as he has got used to modern living habits and speech. She decides to take the boy out of the time travel machine, but when that plan fails, she returns to the ancient past with Timmie.\nEdith Fellowes goes back to the past with Timmie, cares for him and shares his fate. There is a conflict between Neanderthal and Cro-Magnon. But when Edith shows up, things start to change. Both groups regard her as a goddess because of her different appearance and worship her.\nTimmie grows up to be her assistant. Because of them, the Neanderthals in the book do not become extinct   but co-exist with the Cro-Magnons.", "id": "high19772.txt"}