{"answers": ["C", "A", "D"], "options": [["To explain how the video game Angry Birds was devised.", "To investigated why Angry Birds has quickly become well-liked.", "To introduce Angry Birds characters in TV programs and advertisements.", "To report on the spread of Angry Birds in different media around the world ."], ["Salman Rushdie", "Conan O'Brien", "Giridhari Dasar", "Daniel Tosh"], ["It has been used by UK Prime Minister to explain political issues.", "Its characters are used in advertisements mainly for Apple's products.", "It has been developed into a film about the life of a Brazilian yoga master.", "Its real-life mock-up has appeared in an advertisement for mobile phones."]], "questions": ["What is the purpose of the passage?", "According to the text, Which of the following persons is good at playing Angry Birds?", "Which of the following is TRUE about the use of Angry Birds according to the text?"], "article": "Angry Birds is a video game developed by Finnish computer game developer Rovio Mohile. Inspired primarily by a sketch of stylized wingless birds, the game was first released for Apple's mobile operating system in December 2009.Since then, over 12 million copies of the game have been purchased from Apple's App Store.\nWith its fast-growing popularity worldwide, the game and its characters---angry birds and their enemy pigs---have appeared in television programs throughout the world. The Israeli comedy A Wonderful Country ,one of the nation's most popular TV programs, satirized  recent failed Israeli-Palestinian peace attempts by featuring the Angry Birds in peace negotiations with the pigs. Clips of the segment  went _ getting viewers from all around the world. American television hosts Conan O'Brien ,Jon Steward ,and Daniel Tosh have referenced the game in comedy sketches for their programs, Conan, The Daily Show, and Dash. O. Some of the game's more famous fans include Prime Minister David Cameron of UK, who plays the iPad version of the game, and author Salman Rushdie, who is believed to be \"something of a master at Angry Birds.\"\nAngry Birds and its characters have also been featured in advertisements in different forms. In March 2011,the characters began appearing in a series of advertisements for Microsoft's Bing search engine. In the same year, Nokin produced an advertisement in Austin, Texas that included the game's characters on a downtown building for its new mobile phone. Later, a T-Mobile advertisement filmed in Spain included a real-life mock-up of the game in a city center .Nokin also used the game in Malaysia to promote an attempt to set a world record for the largest number of people playing a single mobile game.\nAngry Birds has even inspired works of philosophical analogy .A five-part essay with the title\" Angry Birds Yoga ---How to Eliminate the Green  Pigs in Your Life\" was written by Giridhari Dasar in Brazil ,utilizing the characters and game play mechanics to interpret various concepts of yoga philosophy. The piece attracted much media attention for its unique method of philosophical presentation.", "id": "high1978.txt"}