{"answers": ["A", "A", "C"], "options": [["enabling them to know to handle life's ups and downs", "allowing them to succeed in the complex world of adult life", "Ending their feeling about the world when they lose", "Helping them to smile even when they are disappointed"], ["Competitions develop children's qualities to succeed in their future life", "the Olympic Values should be promoted among young people", "Taking advantages of future opportunities makes one desire to do better", "Only by working hard to keep winning can one achieve true success"], ["They should learn how to handle pain of losing", "Children should know earlier the competitive adult life", "They shouldn't keep children away from competition", "They should encourage their children to get the job"]], "questions": ["Competitive games prepare children for their adult life by  _", "The example of the Youth Olympics is meant to illustrate that  _", "The author suggests to the parents that  _"], "article": "There is a cry of rage, and a tennis racket crashes to the ground. Jake,age 7,has just lost another match and is now in tears beside the court. His sister Sally, just one year older, looks at her mother and rolls her eyes: it is hard to enjoy winning when this keeps happening. It is not an unusual situation, and it is one reason why many people argue that competition is bad for children. However,the truth is that competitive games are a valuable preparation for adult life.\nGames with winners and losers give children the chance to experience life's ups and downs .Take Jake, for example.Even though he is unhappy now, he will probably be smiling and laughing with his sister in a few minutes, just like the last time this happened . Gradually, he will learn that the world does not end when you lose a game. Eventually, he may even be able to lose with a smile on his face. This is an important lesson. Not everything in life goes the way you would like, and it is important to know how to handle disappointment t when it occurs.\n Children who participate in competitive games develop qualities that allow them to succeed in the complex world of adult life. For example, one of the missions of the Youth Olympic Games is to inspire young people to adopt the Olympic values, which include striving, \nDetermination and optimism. Competition creates a desire to do better. Children have to learn to succeed in a competitive atmosphere in order to take advantage of opportunities in the future .Although it is possible to win by chance occasionally, people who win and keep winning work very hard to achieve their success.\nOn the negative side,there are those who will say that competition actually encourages some values , which does happen . It is common to see sports competition in which the desire to win has replaced the desire to have fun. You may even see very young children playing violently----like the superstars they see on TV. While the bad behavior of young athletes is troubling, the problem is not the competition itself. In reality, the blame lies with the professional players who are bad role models for these children. In fact, a recent study of young athletes by the school of Physical Health Education at the University of Wyoming showed an improvement in mood after exercise, athletes were less depressed or tense.\nOf course, there are parents who argue that children of Jake's age are too young to handle the pain of losing. But whether we like it or not, adult life is very competitive , and keeping children away from competition does them more harm than good. If children do not learn how to compete, they will be defeated by people who can. It is an unfortunate fact of life: whether ten or a hundred people want the same job, there can be only one winner .Wouldn't you want your child to be that person?", "id": "high19802.txt"}