{"answers": ["A", "B", "D"], "options": [["were killed by a disease", "moved to another habitat", "were hunted by other animals", "hid in a place where people couldn't find them"], ["donate some money to save bats", "make a radio program about bats", "announce new findings about bats", "finish some questionnaires about the fair"], ["By building a new home for them.", "By volunteering to work in the wild.", "By improving their living environment.", "By educating people that they are beneficial."]], "questions": ["All the bats in the neighborhood disappeared because they_.", "The author wrote a letter to the host in order to ask them to_.", "How did the author save bats?"], "article": "When I was little, I'd see tons of bats flying around streetlights at night in my neighborhood in upstate New York. But I'll never forget the first time when I saw a bat up close. By the time I turned 7, though, I noticed something strange: All the bats in my neighborhood had disappeared, and I wondered why.\nThen, three years ago, when I was 11 and visiting the state fair, I learned what had happened to my town's bats. A disease called \"white nose syndrome\" had killed 93 percent of New York State's bats. I was horrified. Then I wrote a letter to the host of an environmental program on the local radio station, asking if they could do a show on bats. They did!\nBut I still wanted to find a way to educate people face to face. I reached out to a teacher I had in elementary school and asked if I could make a presentation to her class. I described how bats help farmers by eating crop-damaging insects. It went over so well that other teachers started requesting me. Over the past three years, I've talked in front of everyone from 5-year-olds to senior citizens! Many people think that bats are blind, and that they always carry diseases, but none of that is true. The more I present, the more I notice that I am changing minds. \nAnd while getting people to respect bats is pretty hard, getting them to respect me has been difficult too. When I first applied to host a booth   at a local street fair, the managers thought I was too young. But I refused to take \"no\" for an answer. I continued to make my case, and they finally said yes! The best part is, I impressed them so much -- 100 visitors on my first day -- that they now invite me back every year.", "id": "high19800.txt"}