{"answers": ["C", "B", "C"], "options": [["When you are in a state of subhealth, you should be sent to a hospital.", "When you are in a state of subhealth, you should buy some medicine and quit your job.", "When you are in a state of subhealth, you should find out the reasons and relax yourself.", "When you are in a state of subhealth, you should have yourself examined in foreign countries."], ["they have used up their energy", "they have more pressure in life and work", "they eat less than others", "they begin to get older"], ["we should never eat meat", "we should eat more meat", "we should have meals with less salt and sugar", "We should have meals without salt or sugar"]], "questions": ["According to this passage, which of the following is right?", "Middle-aged people may feel subhealthy, because_.", "As for food, experts suggested that_."], "article": "Feeling tired lately? Has a doctor said he can't find anything wrong with you? Perhaps he sent you to a hospital, but all the advanced equipment there shows that there is nothing wrong with you. \nThen, consider this: you might be in a state of subhealth.\nSubhealth, also called the third state or gray state, is explained as a borderline state between health and disease. According to the study by the National Health Organization, over 45 percent of subhealthy people are middle-aged or elderly. The percentage is even higher among people who work in management position as well as students around exam time. \nSymptoms include a lack of energy, depression, slow reactions, sleeplessness, anxiety, and poor memory. Other symptoms include shortness of breath, sweating and aching in the waist and legs. \nThe key to preventing and recovering from subhealth, according to some medical experts, is to form good living habits, alternately work with rest, exercise regularly, and take part in open air activities. \nAs for meals, people are advised to eat less salt and sugar. They should eat more fresh vegetables, fruits and fish because they are rich in nutritional elements-vitamins and trace elements  that are important to the body. \nNutrition experts point out that it is not good to eat too much at one meal because it may cause unhealthy changes in the digestive tract . They also say that a balanced diet is very helpful in avoiding subhealth.", "id": "high19817.txt"}