{"answers": ["A", "A", "B", "A"], "options": [["Because his temperature is a sign which can show whether he is sick or not.", "Because his temperature is always the same, no matter whether he is sick or not.", "Because when he is ill, his temperature is sure to be higher than normal.", "Because his temperature will be sure to change if something is wrong with him."], ["It balances the heat it gets and loses.", "It is always producing heat from food.", "It gives off the heat that the body produces.", "It stops producing heat when it needs to."], ["evaporate the moisture", "give off heat quickly", "make the skin soft and loose", "get the blood to move faster"], ["our bodies deal with different kinds of weather in different ways to keep the same temperature.", "we feel tired and lazy in summer and lively in winter when we are outside in cold air", "we have different emotions in different kinds of weather", "the body temperature is always changing in different kinds of weather"]], "questions": ["Why does the doctor take a person's temperature when he gets sick?", "How does the body keep the same temperature all the time?", "When a person gets too warm, he begins to sweat in order to   _  .", "From this passage we know that we feel differently in different kinds of weather because   _  ."], "article": "How Does Your Body Keep the Same Temperature?\n       The temperature of your body should always be the same if you are fine, no matter whether the weather is hot or cold. That is why the doctor tests your temperature with a thermometer when you are sick. Normally, your  body temperature is ninety-eight point six degrees Fahrenheit  . If it is higher than that, it is a sure sign that something is wrong with your body.\n       Your body keeps the same temperature all the time, because it balances   the heat it produces and the heat it gives off. It is always burning up food and producing heat. It can produce heat faster when the body needs or give off heat faster when the body becomes too warm. Let's see how this works.\n       The heat of your body is given off chiefly through the skin. When you feel cold, your skin is tight and shows \"goose flesh\". When you feel chilly  , you must jump around to keep warm. Then your muscles begin to work, burn up fuel and produce more heat. It is not pleasant to shiver so you usually prefer warming up by taking exercise, or put on more clothes to keep warm.\n       When you get warm, the skin is loose and soft. It is so supplied with blood that heat is given off rapidly. If you get too warm, you begin to sweat and more body heat is used in evaporating the moisture   in your body. In warm weather or warm rooms, you wear less clothing, so that heat can be given off freely. You prefer less exercise because your body is warm enough, and the extra heat produced by taking too much exercise makes you uncomfortable.\n       Now you see why you feel differently in different kinds of weather. In summer, when it is hot, you feel tired and lazy. You do not care to work or play, but enjoy lying down and doing nothing. When you get out of doors in winter, the cold air makes you feel lively. You want to run and play.", "id": "high19827.txt"}