{"answers": ["A", "D", "B"], "options": [["Immigrants have played an important role in America's history.", "Immigrants have endured more sufferings than those in other countries.", "Immigrants have been a disaster to America's development.", "Immigrants have posed fear and hatred on America."], ["Because they have to accept those principles as a deal for living in America.", "Because they can sense the power of those principles related to religion.", "Because those principles are laws and regulations in America.", "Because those principles are consistent with their beliefs."], ["Love America, Love Yourself", "Home Is Where You Are Happy", "Experience a New World", "Be a Real American Immigrant"]], "questions": ["What's the result of American's unique attitude toward immigrants?", "Why are principles real and important for immigrants in America?", "What can be the best title of the passage?"], "article": "Every immigrant leads a double life. Every immigrant has a double identity and a double vision, being suspended between an old and a new home, an old and new self. The very notion of a new home, of course, is in a sense as impossible as the notion of new parents. Parents are who they are; home is what it is. \nYet home, like parentage, must be legitimized  through love; otherwise, it is only a fact of geography or biology. Most immigrants to America found their love of their old homes betrayed: they did not really abandon their countries; their countries abandoned them. In America, they found the possibility of a new love, the chance to nurture new selves.\nNot uniformly, not without exceptions. Every generation has its Know-Nothing movement. Its understandable fear and hatred of alien invasion is as true today as it always was, but in spite of all this, the American attitude remains unique. Throughout history, exile has been a disaster; America turned it into a triumph and placed its immigrants in the center of a national epic. \nThe epic is possible because America is an idea as much as it is a country. America has nothing to do with loyalty to a dynasty and very little to do with loyalty to particular place, but everything to do with loyalty to a set of principles. To immigrants, those principles are especially real because so often they were absent or violated in their native lands. It was no accident in the '60 and '70s, when alienation was in flower, that it often seemed to be \"native\" Americans who felt alienated, while aliens or the children of aliens upheld the native values. The immigrant's double vision results in a special, somewhat skewed perspective on America that can mislead but that can also find revelation in the things that to native Americans are obvious. Psychiatrist Robert Coles speaks of those \"who straddle worlds and make of that very experience a new world.\"\n\"Home is where you are happy.\" Sentimental, perhaps, and certainly not conventionally patriotic, but is appropriate for a country that wrote the pursuit of happiness into its founding document. That continues for the immigrant in America, and it never stops, but it comes to rest at a certain moment. The moment is hard to pin down, but it occurs perhaps when the immigrant's double life and double vision joint together toward a single state of mind. When the old life, the old home fade into a certain unreality: places one merely visits, in fact or in the mind, practicing the tourism of memory. It occurs when the immigrant learns his ultimate lesson: above all countries, America, if loved, returns love.", "id": "high19835.txt"}