{"answers": ["B", "A", "D"], "options": [["Go on holiday.", "Deliver some goods.", "Visit his mum.", "Report to his boss."], ["He didn't want to be late.", "He thought the girl would be fine.", "He knew that someone else would help.", "He worried the police would blame him."], ["Confident that he would be on time.", "Angry that he had to make the report.", "Proud that he had saved the girls life.", "Worried that his boss would be angry."]], "questions": ["What did Daryl plan to do in Los Angeles?", "Why did Daryl first leave the girl by the side of the road?", "How did Daryl feel after he left the police station?"], "article": "The sun was rising when Daryl's delivery truck reached the highway. This was the best time of day to drive, when the roads were wide open and empty. He felt sure he was going to make it to Los Angeles before midnight. It looked like it was going to be a good day.\nThen he saw it, a large lump in the middle of the road. Daryl often passed dead animals on the roadside but he knew than this was something different. He slammed on his brakes and the truck screeched to a halt.\nThe lump was a girl. He tried shaking her awake but she wouldn't move, so he picked her up and carried her to the side of the road. At least she wouldn't be run over there.\nNow she was someone else's problem. He had to make it to Los Angeles by midnight and didn't have time to be a here. He climbed back into his truck but as he looked in his mirror and saw the girl lying still by the side of the road, he knew he couldn't leave her. Daryl put her into his truck and drove to the next town.\nAn hour later he pulled up at the police station. After explaining what had happened, he prepared to leave, only for the policeman to say that he needed to make a report. Daryl knew this would take several hours, but he had no choice. There was no way he'd get to Los Angeles on time now.\nThree hours later the report was done and the girl had recovered somewhat. She explained that she had fallen on the highway, weak from hunger, but could remember nothing else. She also thanked Daryl for saving her life. Daryl told her that he had been happy to help, but as he got back into his truck he knew his boss wouldn't be.\nJust as he was about to pull back onto the road, his mother called. \"Have you seen?\" she said, \"A bridge collapsed two hours ago, the one that you drive over on the way to Los Angeles.\"\nDaryl's blood run cold. If he had been on time, he would have been on that fallen bridge about two hours ago. Daryl realized how lucky he was.", "id": "high19869.txt"}