{"answers": ["D"], "options": [["Working hard to avoid a sense of emptiness.", "Finding a specific purpose for our own life.", "Relying on our achievements to be happy.", "Seeking happiness from our inner mind."]], "questions": ["What does Moghaddam think the most important for us?"], "article": "Seeking to find happiness through a job before you find happiness on a personal level is like trying to stand on stilts  on quicksand. That's how Anahita Moghaddam feels about it, anyway. She believes it is our \"primary responsibility\" to cultivate  love and happiness within ourselves, first and foremost. Moghaddam says that if you only look to your professional achievements to keep your sense of purpose and well-being going, a sense of emptiness or desperation can't almost be avoided. \nYou and your brain are more flexible than you think. The brain changes and grows depending on what it interacts with. Positive thoughts will give support to neuron pathways  for the feeling of joy; negative thoughts will make neuron pathways for feelings of sadness stronger. \"The number of possible combinations of neurons that fire and wire together is 10 to the millionth power in your nervous system. In comparison, the number of atoms in our entire universe is estimated to be around 10 to the 80th power. If we are 10 to the millionth power, that makes us almost infinite. So what are we? Who are we? And what can we do with this?\" she says.\nUnfortunately, human brains have several biological tendencies to negative thoughts and feelings. First, human brains can identify and avoid threats. Often, that means that other humans instinctively register as competition, instead of teammates or comrades. Second, we're biologically likely to remember a single negative incident more than multiple positive experiences. \nDespite it, we can control the thoughts with mindfulness. As Rick Hanson explains, changes in our thoughts can change the grey matter in our brains, and vice versa. \"Mental activity is like a spring shower, leaving little traces of neural structure behind,\" he says. \"Over time, the little tracks in the hillside draw in more water down, deepening their course.\"\nThere are benefits to living mindfully other than happiness. People who try to live more mindfully can focus for longer periods of time. \"The ability to focus more strategically makes you more clear. It makes you show up to your own life more fully,\" Moghaddam says. \"Happiness and creativity are the purpose and they are also the byproduct of living mindfully, living with purpose. Otherwise it is a social idea, and a concept that we grasp at, but it really starts in your heart.\"", "id": "high19874.txt"}