{"answers": ["D", "A"], "options": [["they offer a multicultural landscape", "they belong to the world's best ones", "the students can get their degrees easily", "the cost of living there is affordable for them"], ["Approving.", "Doubtful.", "Critical.", "Neutral."]], "questions": ["German universities are popular among US students mainly because    .", "What is the author's attitude towards studying abroad?"], "article": "Studying abroad will shape you in various ways. You will learn things you never would have if you study overseas. But college is expensive in the United States. It's cheap or free in other countries even for foreigners, so why not get out of here and come back smarter?\nMore and more American students are currently studying at German colleges. That number has increased by 20% over the last three years. Living costs are about $7,000 a year, which is even lower than in other European countries and a great appeal to many students wanting to studying abroad. Besides, Germany encourages international students. They create a multicultural landscape that benefits German students as well. According to a new report, Germany is home to six of the world's 100 best universities. These schools offer around 900 degrees completely in English and many German students speak the language.\nYou could be part of Finland's excellent education system. The Finns charge no tuition and offer a number of courses purely in English. They would be happy for you to add flavor to their school scene. Cost of living there is high. Be prepared for frosty winters, but you will get that sweet midnight sun in the summer.\nMany other European nations provide cheap or free college for foreign students, but if South America is more your thing, try Brazil. Most of the education will take place in Portuguese, so if that is in your plan you can study near beautiful beaches and jungles. The University of Sao Paulo and State University of Campinas are both highly ranked internationally. Your money will go a long way there, too.\nLiving on the economy in a foreign country will keep you on your toes. You will learn new customs, how to bargain, stay safe, budget and become more flexible with people. There is no better way to learn a language than by immersing yourself in it. What's more, you will become a more balanced person. New situations and challenges, from buying bread to traveling across town, will pop up daily. You will handle them and you'll make it by yourself. Before long, you will be ready for anything. Life in any part of the world will no longer surprise you. In your future career, this will be a benefit. International study on your resume will speak to your adaptability.", "id": "high19878.txt"}