{"answers": ["B", "D", "C"], "options": [["Green living can help to save energy.", "Public buildings should go green.", "Green living still has a long way to go.", "It is important to lead a green life."], ["showing us how to design an office", "telling us the side effects of green living", "improving the productivity of office workers", "proving the benefits of green office design"], ["Allow enough sick leave to their employees.", "Paint all the walls of their offices green.", "Make some improvements to their office design.", "Make their staff more productive than before."]], "questions": ["What is the author's argument in the passage?", "The author mentioned the report carried out last year for the purpose of     .", "According to the author, what is necessary for companies to do?"], "article": "Green living has become more important than ever and as time goes by, it will only become a more important issue. While it used to be a matter of making an extra effort to save energy and reduce waste in our homes, this has extended to the professional side of things since. Public buildings, such as schools, hospitals and offices, are under an increasing amount of pressure to make the change and go green, even if it's just a step-by-step process that takes a few years to implement completely.\nThere are plenty of reasons for offices to go green and these reasons go beyond the concept that it should be done just for the sake of the environment. While the environment is incredibly important and vital to our survival and quality of life, sustainable office design can also have positive impacts upon employees and people using the building.\nFor example, a report carried out last September revealed that the way an office is designed can significantly impact on the health of the staff there. It was also found to have an effect on productivity and could be a contributory factor to the amount of sick leave and staff turnaround within the business. It's fascinating to think that people can be so sensitive to their environments but it also makes a lot of sense. Even the choice of colour in your office can negatively or positively affect the people working there. \nBased on this study, it is clear that companies should be making more efforts to improve on the office design while making sure the environment is sustainable and green. There are various little changes that can be made to lead to something bigger, from making sure the lights are turned off at night to recycling the paper your company gets through on a weekly basis. Once these changes are in place, you can start looking at the bigger picture and begin implementing changes to design and construction, like having wood fibre insulation fitted.\nAlong with other sustainable features, insulation can be beneficial in various ways. Not only will an insulated office space be environmentally sound by helping you to keep warm in the winter and cool in the summer, reducing the reliance on the thermostat and central heating and saving money, but it can also be an effective form of sound absorption. The study revealed that noise is a contributory factor to productivity problems, and if you work in a particularly busy area, then noise can become a real issue. The aim is to create an environment that is comfortable and calm enough for people to concentrate and work productively. Soundproof walls are an effective and environmentally friendly solution.", "id": "high19875.txt"}