{"answers": ["B"], "options": [["A non-profit organization.", "Clothes and respect from GOONJ.", "Donate what we can't wear to GOONJ.", "Great people -- Anshu Gupta and his wife"]], "questions": ["What may be the best title of the text?"], "article": "Suhklal lives in India. He works every day, but can only buy food, not anything else, even clothes. One day, Suhklal heard about a non-profit   organization called GOONJ. This organization does not give away free clothes or sell clothes for money. Instead, GOONJ asks people to work to help the community. In return, GOONJ supplies people with clothes. Suhklal said the experience made him happy. He felt proud of his work and his new clothes.  \t\nIn 1998, Anshu Gupta and his wife wanted to help the people affected by a crisis  , so they gathered all the clothes they had not worn. Looking at their gathered clothing, they wanted to start a new clothing organization. But they wanted their organization to be different from others. They wanted to collect clothing all year round -- not just in times of crisis. And more importantly, they wanted to serve people in a way that made them feel proud when receiving clothes. \t\nGOONJ makes sure the clothing is given to people who can use it. For example, people in areas with cooler temperatures receive warmer clothes. And people in villages that wear traditional clothing would receive traditional clothing. GOONJ also reuses clothes that people can't wear. For example, a shirt with holes can be made into a bag or used to make a blanket. \t\nGOONJ helps organize projects that improve the community. People receive clothes in return for their community work. Gupta believes this helps the receivers build self-respect, because they have earned the clothes. It also helps the receivers to be proud of what they have done to help their community.  \t\nSince it began, GOONJ has expanded its work. GOONJ also collects more than just clothes. It collects home or school supplies. GOONJ also started a program that helps protect women's health.", "id": "high19900.txt"}