{"answers": ["D", "C", "B"], "options": [["Siam Park.", "Aquaventure.", "Aquatica.", "Beach Park."], ["It's in Sea World Orlando.", "Be careful of the hot sun.", "Camera's use is limited.", "Don't miss the dolphin show."], ["It's the largest in Europe.", "It offers the largest water slide tube.", "It's separated into three parts.", "It's only for brave visitors."]], "questions": ["Which can satisfy you if you want to take a bath in hot spring?", "What should you bear in mind when playing in Aquatica?", "What makes Aquaventure Waterpark unique?"], "article": "Siam Park -- Lagoa, Portugal\nSlide and Splash is Portugal's largest water park and at 16,000 acres, it is widely considered to be one of the best in Europe. In this beautiful water park you can find attractions for everyone. Whether you love to relax and enjoy, or search for excitement, you can find everything for everyone there. Their best attractions are the Dragon and the Tower of Power.\nBeach Park -- Aquiraz, Brazil\nBeach Park in Aquiraz is a place which will make you a child again and again. The Beach Park has a resort, a beach leisure area with hot spring besides the water park itself. The place has over 18 unforgettable attractions, which they separate in 3 different parts: family, moderate and insane attractions. The last one is only for the brave visitors, as you can tell by the name.\nAquatica -- Orlando, Florida\nAquatica water park is placed directly across from Sea World Orlando and is an excellent way to cool off from the hot sun. The park has a huge variety of attractions. Once you are there, don't miss some of the greatest park attractions: The Dolphin Plunge, The HooRoo Run, The Omaka Rocka. Before you go, you should know that the park do not permit personal cameras while using their water slides or tube attractions.\nAquaventure -- Dubai, United Arab Emirates\nThis Dubai water park is a water world oasis at the tip of Palm Island. It is a perfect place to cool off, whatever your age. At this huge 42-acre water park at Atlantis the Palm you can speed down the world's largest water slide tube (30 feet wide), or brave the twists and turns of the world's first double slide within a slide.", "id": "high19903.txt"}