{"answers": ["D", "D", "C", "D"], "options": [["how to keep fit.", "how junk foods are made", "How to buy healthy food", "how food companies cheated us"], ["objective", "supportive", "positive", "negative"], ["it is necessary for those who want to lose weight", "people will give up fast food after reading it", "it explains many things that we are not well aware of", "it teaches people how to live a healthy life"], ["introduce a healthy diet", "expose the ugly side of food companies", "call on the potential readers to live healthily", "recommend the book written by Moss"]], "questions": ["In the book \"Salt, Sugar and Fat. How the Food Giants Hooked US\",Moss focused on  _  .", "What is the author's attitude towards the government?", "As to the book,the author might agree that  _  .", "The author wrote the passage mainly to  _  ."], "article": "Half a year ago I came across a book called\"Salt,Sugar and Fat. How the Food Giants Hooked US\",but finished it only recently. I am far from being a fan of junk food,over-salty,or over-sweet stuff,and honestly this food doesn't appeal to me at all. Maybe it is related to the fact that I grew up in Russia and at that time we were not so exposed to the foreign, especially made in America foods. We knew Coca Cola,Pepsi,juice powder and Cheetos,but this stuff was not so cheap or available to buy it every day and we couldn't buy them in large quantities. We didn't know the word\"fat\"was not a bad thing but a normal of life for some people. We always had sweets and especially on holidays they were served as a dessert along with a cake. Russians like eating sweets when they drink tea. Even with my passion to desserts I still can'trelate myself to the people Michale Moss was writing about, those consumers who could not say\"no\" when it came to junk food.\nWhat I found interesting in the book was that the author didn't focus on diets, necessity to\nexercise,sleep well at night and all other things we all are pretty aware of. The aim was not to teach people how to live but instead,after having made a huge research,interviewed more than 100 people in the food industry,Moss reveals the ugly of the food business. It puts all the facts in front of us and offers a choice:to buy or not to buy. However,the answer was known at the very beginning. Moss mentions the well-known food like Coca,Cola,Pepsi,Nestle and some others and tells how skillfully the consumers can be cheated when it comes to choosing what to put in the food basket in the supermarket. We like this taste of a chocolate,the crispy chips,and sweet porridges because it was all put on test by groups of scientists who made experiments to reveal what kind of taste will be most appealing to us. It involves brain,of course. Apart from scientific researches, it was also due to successful marketing strategies and plans that people prefer to buy food.\nIn this companies'money race,the most vulnerable victims are kids. They can't tell good from bad and love everything that makes them feel good. Commercial ads of fast food particularly targeted kids and played on the fact that mothers can't fully control what their children eat because they spent all day at work. Mothers themselves buy chocolates bars and com flakes for their kids,guided by a powerful brainwashing that actually,these products were not unhealthy, on the contrary, it was encouraged to give them to kids, because fat and sugar provide energy, so they are good,right?\nGiving a credit to some food companies, they made attempts to fight the trend, but consumers,who already worked a habit of eating too salty, too fatting and too sweet products,didn't react to the changes. So the companies returned to the old policy. Surprisingly,such behavior was strongly backed up by the govermment.\nI would definitely recommend  reading this book not only to those who struggle in the battle with his addiction to fast food but also people living healthily. It casts light on many things,including how vulnerable we can be in front of corporations and their powerful and accurate marketing strategies.", "id": "high19925.txt"}