{"answers": ["C", "A"], "options": [["impress the waitress with her generosity", "show pity to the woman expecting a baby", "bring love forward by helping those in need", "express thanks for the waitress' quality service"], ["Chain of Love", "Struggle of Life", "Road of Hope", "Act of Kindness"]], "questions": ["The old lady left the change, mainly wishing to   _  .", "Which of the following can be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "He was driving home one evening, on a country road. Work, in this small community, was as slow as his broken Pontiac.\nBut he never quit looking. Since the factory closed, he'd been unemployed. And with winter approaching, the cold days had finally hit home. It was a lonely road. Very few people had a reason to be on it, unless they were leaving. Most of his friends had left. But he stayed on. After all, he had his root here.\nIt was getting dark, and snow was coming down. He'd better get a move on. Suddenly he saw an old lady on the roadside and obviously needed help.\nSo he pulled up in front of her Mercedes and got out. She was worried. No one had stopped to help for the last hour or so. Was he going to hurt her? He looked poor, hungry, and ... dangerous.\nHe could see that she was frightened, standing out there in the cold. He said, \"I'm here to help you, Ma'am. Why don't you wait in the car where it's warm? By the way, my name is Joe.\" The car had a flat tire. Joe crawled under the car and soon he was able to change the tire. But he had to get dirty and his hands hurt.\nAs he was turning the screws ,she rolled down her window and began talking to him and said she couldn't thank him enough for coming to her aid. \nShe asked him how much she owed him. Any amount would have been alright with her. She had already imagined all the terrible things that could have happened had he not stopped. Joe never thought twice about the money. This was simply helping someone in need, and God knows there were plenty who had lent him a hand before.\nHe had lived his whole life that way, and it never occurred to him to act any other way. He told her that if she really wanted to pay him back, the next time she saw someone who needed help, she could give that person the assistance they needed, and Joe added \"... and think of me.\"\nA few miles down the road the lady saw a small cafe. She went in to grab a bite to eat, and take the chill off. It was a dirty-looking restaurant. Outside were two old gas pumps. The whole scene was unfamiliar to her. The waitress came over and brought a clean towel to wipe her wet hair.\nShe had a sweet smile, one that even being on her feet for the whole day couldn't erase. The lady noticed that the waitress was nearly eight months pregnant, but she never let the strain and aches change her attitude.\nThe old lady wondered how someone who had so little could be so giving to a stranger. Then she remembered Joe. After the lady finished her meal, she handed the waitress a $100 bill. When the waitress came back with the change, she found the lady was gone and something written on a napkin.\nReading the note, there were tears in her eyes. It said, \"You owe me nothing. I've been there too. Someone once helped me out, like I'm helping you. If you really want to pay me back, don't let the chain of love end with you.\nThat night when she got home from work, she was thinking about the money and what the lady had written.\nWith the baby due soon, life would be harder. She knew how worried her husband was, and as he lay sleeping next to her, she gave him a soft kiss and whispered soft, \"Everything's gonna be alright; I love you, Joe.\"", "id": "high19921.txt"}