{"answers": ["B", "C", "C", "B"], "options": [["He felt sorry he forgot to prepare presents for his son.", "He thought his son should have known all the presents were sent by him, not Santa Claus.", "It was difficult for him to accept that his son is so greedy.", "He was ashamed of not knowing what his son liked."], ["His father squeezed him so hard that it ached.", "His father was very drunk and had difficulty returning home.", "He didn't say \"I love you\" to his father.", "He had an argument with his father at home."], ["old", "clever", "naughty", "trusted"], ["Is There a Santa Clause in the World?", "A Christmas Memory", "How to Celebrate Christmas in a Meaningful Way?", "A Christmas of a Divorced Family"]], "questions": ["When Buddy asked his Daddy for Christmas presents, his father's reaction suggested that   _  .", "Once Buddy was on the bus, he felt the strangest pain . The reason probably is   _  .", "The following words can describe Miss Sook except   _  .", "Which of the following can be the best title of passage?"], "article": "Parents divorced, little Buddy was in the care of his mother's large Alabama family. Over the years, Buddy seldom saw either of his parents. But he was happy where he was and he had many kindly  s, among whom Miss Sook was by far his best friend. Before Christmas, Buddy's father had managed to get legal custody  of him for this Christmas. So, he had a new suit, with a card pinned with his name and address and made the trip alone, by bus, to New Orleans.\nSeveral things occurred that kept me awake the whole night. First, the footfalls, the noise of my father running up and down the stairs, breathing heavily, I had to see what he was up to. So I hid and watched. There was a Christmas tree and the fireplace downstairs. Moreover, I could see my father. He was crawling around under the tree arranging a pyramid of packages. I felt dizzy, for what I saw forced me to reconsider everything. If these were presents intended for me, then obviously they had not been ordered by the Lord and delivered by Santa Claus; no, they were gifts bought and wrapped by my father. Which meant that my rotten little cousin Billy Bob and other rotten kids like him weren't lying when they laughed at me and told me there was no Santa Claus. The worst thought was: Had Sook known the truth, and lied to me? No, Sook would never lie to me. She believed. It was just that--well, though she was sixty-something, in some ways she was at least as much of a child as I was.\nI waited until I was sure he was in bed and sound asleep. Then I crept downstairs and examined the tags attached to each of the packages. They all said: \"For Buddy.\" I decided to open the packages: It was Christmas morning. I was awake, so why not? I won't bother to describe what was inside them: just shirts and sweaters and dull stuff like that. The only thing I appreciated was a toy gun. Somehow I got the idea it would be fun to waken my father by firing it. So I did. Bang. Bang. Bang. He raced out of his room, wild-eyed, Bang. Bang. Bang. \"Buddy--what the hell do you think you're doing? Bang. Bang. Bang. \"Stop that!\" I laughed. \" Look, Daddy. Look at all wonderful things Santa Claus brought me.\"\nCalm now, he walked into the room and hugged me. \"You like what Santa Claus brought you?\"\nI smiled at him. He smiled at me. There was a tender lingering  moment, damaged when I said: \"Yes. But what are you going to give me, Daddy?\" His smile evaporated. His eyes narrowed suspiciously--you could see that he thought I was pulling some kind of trick. But then he blushed, as though he was ashamed to be thinking what he was thinking. He patted my head, and coughed and said: \"Well, I thought I'd wait and let you pick out something you wanted. Is there anything particular you want?\"\nI reminded him of the airplane we had seen in the toy store on Canal Street. His face sagged. Oh, yes, he remembered the airplane and how expensive it was. Nevertheless, the next day I was sitting in that airplane dreaming I was zooming toward heaven while my father wrote out a check for a happy salesman, who promised to help ship the plane on the bus. \nBut I wasn't free of New Orleans yet. The problem was a large bottle of wine; maybe it was because of my departure, but anyway my father had been drinking it all day, and on the way to the bus station, he scared me by grabbing my wrist and harshly whispering: \"I'm not going to let you go. I can't let you go back to that crazy family in that crazy old house. Just look at what they've done to you. A boy six, almost seven, talking about Santa Claus! It's all their fault, all those sour old spinsters with their Bibles and their knitting needles, those drunken uncles. Listen to me, Buddy. There is no God! There is no Santa Claus.\" He was squeezing my wrist so hard that it ached. \"Kiss me. Please. Please. Kiss me. Tell your daddy that you love him.\" But I couldn't speak. I was terrified I was going to miss my bus. And I was worried about my plane, which was strapped to the top of the taxi. \"Say it: 'I love you.' Say it. Please. Buddy. Say it.\"\nIt was lucky for me that our taxi-driver was a good-hearted man. Because if it hadn't been for his help, and the help of some efficient porters and a friendly policeman, I don't know what would have happened when we reached the station. My father was so drunk he could hardly walk, but the policeman talked to him, quieted him down, helped him to stand straight, and the taxi-man promised to take him safely home. But my father would not leave until he had seen the porters put me on the bus.\nOnce I was on the bus, I crouched in a seat and shut my eyes. I felt the strangest pain. A crushing pain that hurt everywhere. I thought if I took off my heavy city shoes, those crucifying monsters, the agony would ease. I took them off, but the mysterious pain did not leave me. In a way it never has; never will.\nTwelve hours later I was home in bed. The room was dark. Sook was sitting beside me, rocking in a rocking chair, a sound as soothing as ocean waves. I had tried to tell her everything that had happened, and only stopped when I was hoarse as a howling dog. She stroked her fingers through my hair, and said: \"Of course there is a Santa Clause. It's just that no single somebody could do all he has to do. So the Lord has spread the task among us all. That's why everybody is Santa Claus. I am. You are. Even you cousin Billy Bob. Now go to sleep. Count stars. Think of the quietest thing. Like snow. I'm sorry you didn't get to see any. But now snow is falling through the stars--\" Stars sparkled, snow whirled inside my head; the last thing I remembered was the peaceful voice of the Lord telling me something I must do. And the next day I did it. I went with Sook to the post office and bought a penny postcard. That same postcard exists today. It was found in my father's safety deposit box when he died last year. Here is what I had written him: Hello pop hope you are well I am and I am turning to pedal my plane so fast I will soon be in the sky so keep your eyes open and yes I love you Buddy.", "id": "high19930.txt"}