{"answers": ["A", "D", "B", "C", "C"], "options": [["making memory better and memory loss much later", "using it as a natural catalyst and to block this poison", "keeping you awake and your brains working properly a lot longer", "recalling and remembering information"], ["To record themselves reading aloud and listen to themselves speaking.", "To track all of the acquired facts being spoken and listen to it.", "To get more contexts from a lecture and learn the information faster.", "To record and listen to what they're to memorize."], ["By recording and listening to the information.", "By writing and re-writing the information.", "By writing and listening to the information.", "By recalling everything from memory."], ["encourage you to memorize each set of text", "help to recall what you remember without looking.", "prevent what you remember by short-term memory losing", "help to teach what you are to memorize to others"], ["preferred teaching", "was good at memorizing", "learned by heart by teaching", "was an auditory learner"]], "questions": ["Green tea benefits memory by   _  .", "For auditory learners, to memorize better and faster, what is the most important?", "How can experiential learners getting more familiar with what they're to memorize?", "Adding the new information to what you've just learned can   _  .", "Step 6 implies that the author   _  ."], "article": "How to Memorize Things Quicker Than Other People?\nThe following is my advice for you.\nStep 1: Preparation\nTo improve your memorization, pay close attention to which environment you choose. For most people, this means choosing an area with few distractions, though some people do advance greatly by learning in public areas. Figure out what is most conducive to your learning so that you can get started.\nNext, start drinking some tea. I could link you to many scientific studies that confirm green tea as a natural catalyst  for improving memory. Mechanically speaking, our ability to recall information comes down to the strength between neurons  in our mind. The more you exercise the repetition, the stronger it is, resulting in the ability to memorize.\nAs we get older, poisonous chemicals will damage our neurons, leading to memory loss. Green tea contains compounds, however, that block this poison and keep your brain cells working properly a lot longer.\nStep 2: Record what you're memorizing\nThis is especially useful if you're trying to memorize information from a lecture. Use a tape recorder to track all of the acquired facts being spoken and listen to it. If you're trying to memorize a speech, record your reading of the speech and listen to the record. Obviously, this is most helpful for auditory  learners, and it's also useful because it ensures that you're getting more context from a lecture that will help you learn the information faster.\nStep 3: Write everything down\nBefore you start trying to recall everything from memory, write and re-write the information. This will help you become more familiar with what you're trying to memorize. Doing this while listening to your tape recorder can also help you keep a lot of the data. This is most useful for experiential learners.\nStep 4: Section your notes.\nNow that you have everything written down in one set of notes, separate them into sections. This is ideal for visual learners, especially if you use color1 coding to distinguish between subjects. This will help you break everything down and start classing the information being recorded in your brain.\nStep 5: Apply repetition to cumulative  memorization\nFor each line of text, repeat it a few times and try to recall it without looking. As you memorize each set of text, be cumulative by adding the new information to what you've just learned. This will keep everything within your short-term memory from fading. Keep doing this until you have memorized that section and you are able to recall the entire thing. Do not move on to another section until you have memorized that one completely. This is mostly visual learning, but if you are speaking aloud, then you are also applying auditory.\nStep 6: Teach it to someone (or yourself)\nThe most effective method for me when I was in school was to teach the information to someone else. You can do this in a variety of ways. You can lecture the knowledge to someone sitting right in front of you (or the mirror, if you can't convince anyone to sit through it) and explain everything from your memory. If what you've learned needs to be recited word by word, then do this in front of someone as well in order to get a feel for what it will be like to recite the text to the intended audience.", "id": "high19942.txt"}