{"answers": ["D", "C"], "options": [["Near a river.", "In a city.", "In a mountain.", "At the seaside."], ["Their quick action.", "Other people's kind help.", "The noise from the vending machine.", "The young man's warning."]], "questions": ["Where did the writer spend her vacation?", "What helped them get rid of the trouble?"], "article": "Our flat was on the fifth floor but you could still hear the roar of the ocean and see the stars at night. I used to take long walks along the water. The food in town was delicious and the people were very friendly. The area was very quiet and peaceful, and fairly deserted. \nThe last evening of our vacation, however, we all heard strange footsteps following closely behind us as we were walking up to our flat in the holiday centre. We turned around and noticed a fairly young man moving very rapidly across the beach and getting closer to us. He was tall and wore a baseball cap. We couldn't see his face and he was approaching us very rapidly. The man's actions made my dad very nervous. Dad warned us that we'd better try to make it to our flat as quickly as possible. I didn't like my dad's voice; I could hear fear in it. It was late and we were all alone. We didn't have any cell phones on us. I never saw Dad as worried as he was then and I knew that something was terribly wrong. The sense of fear started to overwhelm Mom and me. We had had such a good time in town. Now, the night was rapidly turning into a dangerous situation. \nWe could hear the man's footsteps getting closer. Dad's face was almost pale. The so-called intruder   had moved nearer and nearer when all of a sudden, the nearby vending  machine started going crazy and spitting out cans of soda! The noise actually scared the intruder and he ran out of sight. My parents were shaking, but we all turned around to see who had put money into the vending machine downstairs, and actually saved us, but no one was around at all. Not a soul. \nIt's one vacation I will never forget.", "id": "high19953.txt"}