{"answers": ["A", "D", "C"], "options": [["She might think that I would get hurt", "It was time for me to drink her milk", "It was time for me to pull a carriage", "The other horses were not friendly"], ["the horse owner no longer liked my mother", "I no longer needed my mother", "no other horses could help the farmer", "I was old enough to eat grass"], ["Life on a happy farm", "A story of a strict mother", "The growth of a young horse", "Relationship between horses"]], "questions": ["Why would my mother come and take me away?", "My mother had to go back to work partly because   _  .", "Which of the following can be the best title?"], "article": "Just after my birth I remember lying in the stable with my mother and looking out the door, I could see a lovely, big field with trees around the edge and a good-sized pond to drink from. And there in the stable, while all of the other horses ate grass, I remember drinking my mother's milk.\nUsually, in the morning and afternoon, I would run with my mother or play with other young horses in the field. Sometimes, this play became too dangerous and my mother would come and take me away.\nThe farmer was a good horse owner. He took good care of us all, but he seemed to prefer my mother to the other horses. And because I was her baby, he started to like me as well. Pretty soon I was eating grass like all of the other horses. Because I no longer needed her milk, and because she was his favorite horse, the farmer quickly put my mother back to work, pulling his carriage to and from the market, always coming back in the early evening. \nOne evening I was playing with the other horses when my mother called me over to her. She told me that she never again wanted to see me playing so roughly with the others. I must grow up to be as wonderful as my ancestors, always working hard, walking proudly, and never hurting others. I promised her that I would do as she said. However, I had to admit that it was sometimes difficult to be kind to people like Dick, the worker-boy. He was always throwing rocks at us when he should have been picking fruit. We had to running around trying to avoid the rocks. Luckily, one day the farmer caught Dick behaving this way. The letter was given some money and then left the farm. That was the last time we ever saw the boy.", "id": "high19960.txt"}