{"answers": ["B", "B", "D", "C", "D"], "options": [["Kindly.", "Unfairly.", "Normally.", "Cruelly."], ["because they wanted to congratulate her on being a doctor", "but they didn't believe she would be famous in the future", "because they wanted to find out the secret of her success", "but they weren't sure that she could manage to finish her schooling"], ["had to pretend to be a boy student in class", "was discouraged by the others' critical looks", "felt sorry that she was a woman", "made great effort to do well in her lessons"], ["she was not right for the job and had to struggle for a living", "she must organize a new hospital and medical college for women", "few people were willing to go to a woman doctor", "most people were ready to go to a woman doctor"], ["To study hard to complete her studies.", "To refuse to pretend to be a boy.", "To realize her idea of being a doctor.", "To struggle for the position of the women."]], "questions": ["How do you think Elizabethwas treated in the medical school?", "Many people came to see Elizabethwhen she graduated     .", "When she was at the medical school, Blackwell_.", "After graduation, Elizabethfound that     .", "What in fact was Elizabeth's great effort in the medical school?"], "article": "Years ago people could hardly accept the ideas of a woman's being a doctor. In order to get into medical school in 1847, Elizabeth Blackwell was asked to keep it a secret that she was a woman. This was contrary to her beliefs, and she refused to do it. After entering medical school, prefix = st1 /Elizabethoften had to summon all her courage to free the unkindness of teachers and classmates. By her great efforts, she was able to complete her studies. Many people came to her graduation just to have a look at a woman doctor. Doctor Blackwell soon found that most people were not as ready as to go to a woman doctor. She had to struggle to make a living. Then came the great day when she was offered a job as a doctor in a hospital. She did so well that she was asked to organize a new hospital and medical college. TheUnited Statescan now be proud of thousands of women doctors.", "id": "high19976.txt"}