{"answers": ["C", "B", "D"], "options": [["body language in Americais more popular than in other countries", "the deferent cultures share the same body languages", "the same gestures in deferent cultures may have the deferent meanings", "body language is more important than words"], ["Women's body language is easier to understand.", "Women have a better understanding of body language than men.", "In American culture, men care more about their gestures than women.", "In American culture, men and women always employ the deferent gestures."], ["body language can completely replace words", "different cultures share different nonverbal behaviours", "body language sounds louder than verbal information", "body language can be helpful for us to communicate with each other"]], "questions": ["From the passage we can know that   _  .", "Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage?", "It may be concluded from this passage that   _  ."], "article": "We convey   information through the position and movement of the body. We often use gestures or body movements to stress what we are saying. For example, when I lecture  , I often use my hands to emphasize   points or point to something on the blackboard. Some people use them more than others. The victory   sign, the OK sign, the goodbye wave and the blowing of a kiss are all popular gestures in America. It is important to recognize, however, that most gestures are not universally recognized. For example, although the OK gesture means acceptance in prefix = st1 /America, it has other meanings in other cultures. InFranceit means worthlessness. And in Greece, it is considered obscene  .\n     There are some sex differences in nonverbal behavior. In American culture, men tend to sit or stand with legs apart and hands outward, while women tend to keep legs together and hands at their sides. Women are also better than men at understanding nonverbal gestures.\n     A nonverbal behaviour is to have the tongue just slightly protruding   from the mouth. A study showed that people were less willing to approach others who had their tongues showing. Perhaps this is why people often tend to avoid individuals with bad nonverbal behaviours. When we make decisions about other people, we learn to recognize nonverbal cues   and interpret   them along with verbal information.", "id": "high19986.txt"}