{"answers": ["B", "D", "A", "B"], "options": [["People who live in an industrial city.", "People who would like to travel but cannot.", "Ambitious people.", "People who go on holidays abroad."], ["Early in the morning.", "Every year.", "In January.", "Shortly after receiving the booklet."], ["arranging trips for other people", "arranging trips for themselves", "booking trips for other people", "describing the holidays for other people"], ["Mr. Perry arranged everything so well for Brian", "Brian arranged everything so well for Mr. Perry", "the agency sent Mr. Perry abroad on business", "Brian helped him in the travel agency"]], "questions": ["Who would like to work in a travel agency?", "When do the customers come into the office to book their holidays?", "Those who cannot travel themselves might find it interesting to work in a travel agency   _  .", "Mr Perry telephoned the agency to thank Brian because   _  ."], "article": "Everyone has an ambition to travel. But those who cannot do so themselves might find it interesting to work in a travel agency, arranging journeys for other people. Brian Lawtey does this, working in a small travel agency in an industrial city. Most of his work is concerned with holiday, both at home and abroad. Every autumn, the agency sends out hundreds of booklets full of attractive, color1ed photographs, describing the holidays that their customers will be able to have the next year. Soon, people begin to come into the office to book their holidays: perhaps a week's skiing in prefix = st1 /Austriain January, perhaps a cruise to the Caribbean in February, perhaps a seaside holiday inSpainin May, or a tour of Africa. Brian often has to advise people on what holidays will be suitable for them, and they always have a lot of questions. Last year, for example, a lady of eighty-two wanted to book for a mountaineering holiday in the Alps, and Brian had great difficulty in persuading her that it would not be suitable. In the end, she decided to go for a Mediterranean cruise instead.\n  Arranging journeys for people who have to travel abroad on business is often very complicated, but Brian enjoys this work. For example, last spring Mr. Perry,a director of chemical firm, went on a business trip, and Brian arranged it all for him. First, Mr. Perry traveled to Londonby trainband stayed overnight in a hotel near the airport, because his plane left early the next morning. He flew to Frankfurt inGermany, where he spent the morning discussing business. Then he went on by train toZurich, where he stayed the night. After a meeting the next morning, he caught a plane for Tokyo, and spent three days there before going toAmerica. He had business in Seattle, Chicago andNew York, and stayed some time in each of those places. From New York, he flew back toLondon,and then got home by train. The next day he telephoned the agency to thank Brian for arranging everything so well for him.", "id": "high19981.txt"}