{"answers": ["A", "C", "B", "C", "C"], "options": [["It was very conservative and uninteresting.", "It was influenced by French cooking.", "It was very unhealthy.", "It was plentiful"], ["There are more French restaurants.", "Food produce is fresher.", "There is more kinds.", "Food is more expensive"], ["People have more money to spend.", "The development of tourism.", "People have more tastes today.", "Young people dislike traditional food"], ["It is exciting and interesting.", "It is boring and overcooked.", "It is plentiful and simple.", "It is good-looking and tastes bad"], ["Eating out at weekends is traditional in most parts of Ireland.", "Today most Irish people prefer fast-foods to the traditional Irish cooking.", "Nowadays French-style restaurants are quite common in tourist centres.", "Many Irish people are vegetarians and grow their own vegetables."]], "questions": ["What was Irish food like until quite recently?", "How has Irish food improved in recent years?", "What is the main reason for this improvement?", "How does the passage describe Irish cooking today?", "Which of the following statements is true according to the text?"], "article": "In today's prefix = st1 /Ireland, it seems hard to imagine the grim days of the 19thcentury when so many of the population starved, or that, in those days, many poor people had no clue how to prepare any food other than boil a potato. Nowadays, it is quite possible to eat both well and heartily all over the island.\nTourism has made a  _ difference to the standards of cooking inIreland. Until recently there was hardly any tradition of eating out in many districts, except perhaps on very few occasions at a local hotel. Patterns of diet were old-styled, based firmly on 'meat and two vegetables' (somewhat overcooked), potatoes (of course) and large quantities of dairy produce. Now things are very different. Tourist demands for predictable, inexpensive fast-food are met, as everywhere, with hamburgers and pizzas - a better bet being fish and chips. But more sophisticated tastes have introduced wholefoods and vegetarian restaurants (almost unheard of before), and a vast number of new restaurants, often French in style, have opened in the main tourist centres. Food 'events' such as Kinsale's Gourmet festival or Galway's Oyster Festival attract large numbers of visitors and reflect the new interest in food.\nWhatever Irish cooking lacks in finesse , it nearly always makes up for in plenty, and ingredients  are of a high quality. Home-grown produce includes rich dairy foods, beef, lamb and pork, and a great variety of seafood. One of its great specialities is soda bread. It is made with buttermilk and is served fresh and warm with every meal. Recently there has been a return to simple Irish foods such as stews and potato dishes.\nOne of the best-value meals in Irelandis breakfast. A 'traditional Irish breakfast' is a plateful of bacon and eggs with soda and potato breads. Accommodation rates are nearly always quoted with a full breakfast included, so you might as well eat enough to keep you going all day and get your money's worth!", "id": "high19997.txt"}