{"answers": ["A", "C", "A", "C"], "options": [["begin by receiving on-the-job training", "must learn several jobs", "begin as ticket takers", "have already attendedDisneyUniversity"], ["set a good example for employees", "remind themselves of their beginnings at Disney", "gain a better view of the company's objectives", "replace employees on holiday"], ["Tourists learn the history of Disney in its entertainment parks.", "Disney attracts people almost from all over the world.", "Parades are regularly held in Disney's entertainment parks.", "Disney's managers are able to do almost all kinds of work in the Disney parks."], ["how Disney employees are trained", "the history and traditions of the Disney enterprises", "why Disney enterprises make a lot of money", "the importance Disney place on serving people well"]], "questions": ["The first day they come to Disney parks, all new employees_.", "Each year, managers wear special service clothes and work in the park to_.", "Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?", "This passage is mainly about_."], "article": "Millions of people pass through the gates of Disney's entertainment parks in California, Florida and prefix = st1 /Japaneach year. What makes these place an almost universal attraction? What makes foreign kings and queens and other important people want to visit these Disney parks? Well, one reason is the way they're treated once they get there. The people at Disney go out of their way to serve their \"guests\", as they prefer to call them, and to see that they enjoy themselves.\nAll new employees, from vice presidents to part-time workers, begin their employment by attending Disney University and taking \"Traditions I\". Here, they learn about the company's history, how it is managed, and why it is successful. They are shown how each department relates to the whole. All employees are shown how their part is important in making the park a success.\nAfter passing \"Traditions I\", the employees go on to do more specialized training for their specific jobs. No detail is missed. A simple job like taking tickets requires four eight-hour days of training. When one ticket taker was asked why it took so much training for such a simple, ordinary job, he replied, \"What happens if someone wants to know where the restrooms are, when the parade starts or what bus to take back to the campgrounds?...We need to know the answers or where to get them quickly. Our constant aim is to help our guests enjoy the party.\"\nEven Disney's managers get involved in the daily management of the park. Every year, the mangers leave their desks and business suits and put on special service clothes. For a full week, the bosses sell hot dogs or ice cream, take tickets or drive the monorail , and take up any of the 100 jobs that make the entertainment park come alive. The managers agree that this week help them to see the company's goals more clearly.\nAll these efforts to serve the public well have made Walt Disney Productions famous. Disney is considered by many as the best mass service provider in Americaor the world. As one longtime business observer once said, \"How Disney treats people, communicates with them, rewards them , is in my view the very reason for his fifty years of success... I have watched, very carefully and with great respect and admiration, the theory and practice of selling satisfaction and serving millions of people on a daily basis, successfully. It is what Disney does best.\"", "id": "high19990.txt"}