{"answers": ["C", "D", "A"], "options": [["it helps keep your classroom tidy", "people hate picking up dirty tissues", "it prevents the spread of colds and flu", "picking up lots of tissues is hard work"], ["Both colds and flu last the same time.", "Both colds and flu can be prevented by injection.", "Both colds and flu are caused by the same viruses.", "Both colds and flu have an aching symptom."], ["Cold or Flu?", "The Different Symptoms of a Cold and Flu", "Prevention Is Better Than Cure", "Cover Your Nose and Mouth When Sneezing"]], "questions": ["Dealing with used tissues properly is important because   _  .", "Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage?", "Which is probably the best title for the passage?"], "article": "Do you have a sore throat, a running nose and a headache? Do you keep coughing and sneezing? If you do, the chances are that you have a cold or perhaps flu--- but which one? Although both colds and flu are caused by viruses, they are very different illnesses.\nColds, which usually last about a week, affect the nose most. They commonly cause a runny nose and sneezing. Sometimes, they cause a headache, a cough and slightly aching muscles.\nFlu is much more serious illness and is caused by different group of viruses. People with flu usually get all the symptoms described above. However, they also get a high fever, a dry cough and much worse aching. Fever is one of the typical symptoms of the flu for all ages. The symptoms also last much longer. Sometimes they don't disappear for at least two weeks.\nFlu can be a deadly disease. The elderly, who are weaker and less healthy than most younger people, can die from flu. This is one reason why old people are advised to have a flu injection before the start of winter when flu is most common. This injection is inexpensive and definitely worth it.\nIf you have a cold or flu, you must always deal with used tissues carefully. Don't leave dirty tissues on your desk or on the floor. Someone else has to pick these up and viruses could be passed on. And finally, remember to cover your nose and mouth when you sneeze!You don't want to see the small drop of liquids blown out of your nose and mouth when you sneeze, do you? Disgusting, eh? Now you can understand why it's a good idea to cover your nose and mouth when you sneeze!", "id": "high2.txt"}