{"answers": ["B", "C", "A", "C"], "options": [["Because there were few women in his country at that time.", "Because he thought men without wives could be better soldiers.", "Because there wasn't enough food for so many people.", "Because he wanted to control the birth rate."], ["he killed one of the soldiers", "he stole a lot of food", "he didn't obey the emperor's order", "he didn't want to be a soldier"], ["Honor and respect.", "Love and joy.", "Praise and disbelief.", "Sorrow and humor."], ["Valentine's Day is a Festival in honor of a person.", "Valentine is a brave priest who died for what he believed in.", "All the young people in the 3rd Century could not get married freely.", "People at that time in Rome lived in a hard time under the control of the emperor."]], "questions": ["Why did the emperor in Rome not allow marriage in his country?", "Valentine was put into prison because   _  .", "What is the author's feelings toward Valentine?.", "Which of the following can NOT be inferred from the passage?"], "article": "February has long been a month of romance. With the sweet smell of roses in the air, romantic films hit cinemas and love stories fill newspapers and magazines.\nOn the 14th day, it is a custom for a boy to take his girlfriend out to dinner, buy her flowers and chocolates, write poems, sing to her or even spell out her name with rose petals! This is what you see on Valentine's Day, a day named after Valentine who was a priest  in the third century Rome. When the emperor   decided that single men could become better soldiers than those with wives, he didn't allow marriage.\nBut Valentine continued to perform marriage ceremonies for young lovers in secret. When his actions were discovered, the emperor sentenced him to death. While in prison, it is said that Valentine fell in love with the daughter of his prison guard. Before his death, he wrote her a letter, which he signed \"From your Valentine\", an expression that is still in use today. Valentine died for what he believed in and so he was made a Saint  , as well as becoming one of history's most romantic characters.\nNowadays, Valentine's Day is also popular among Chinese young people. Some students are planning to make Valentine's cards for parents, teachers and friends. Others want to hold parties at which they will exchange small gifts and eat heart-shaped cakes. The idea is to have fun and encourage people to share in the spirit of St. Valentine.", "id": "high200.txt"}