{"answers": ["D", "B", "C"], "options": [["can attract more attention from children than a cardboard box", "can work more than a Barbie", "may become anything else such as a cardboard", "may keep children from further imaginations"], ["too many toys will help children develop wide interests.", "One or two toys at a time will help children concentrate.", "Only wrong types of toys do harm to children.", "The proper number of toys given to the children depends on their ages."], ["spend more  time reading or playing with children", "choose right types of toys for children", "ask experts for the exact number of necessary toys", "put out one or two toys and hide the rest"]], "questions": ["In the writer's opinion, a Barbie   _  .", "Which of the following is TRUE about toys given to children?", "It may NOT be  a good idea to   _  ."], "article": "Children are losing the ability to play properly because they are being given too many toys and games, according to new research.\n     The studies show that children, especially those under five, are often overwhelmed and actually play less than those with fewer toys. It may even harm their development. The studies show that giving children too many toys or toys of the wrong type can actually be doing them harm. They get overwhelmed and cannot concentrate on anything long enough to learn from it.\n     The conclusions have been backed up by British research looking at children with  ly fewer toys, whose parents spend more time reading, singing or playing with them. It showed such children surpass  youngsters from richer backgrounds, even those who could use computers. \n     Some parents notice the ill effect early. Orhan Ismail, a researcher saw a change for the worse in Cameron, his 10-month-old son, after he was given a lot of toys last Christmas. Ismail said, \" If there are too many toys in front of him, he will just keep flitting around them and then end up going off and finding something like a slipper to play with. Now we just get out one or two toys and hide the rest in a box. \"\n      Alexander and her husband also decided to limit the toys their 6 daughters play with. She believed many toys restrict children's imaginations. She said, \" A Barbie can only work as a Barbie. But a cardboard box can become anything. The only limitations are in the child's mind. \" Experts hesitate to put a figure on the number of toys children should have, but many believe two dozen is enough for children of preschool age.", "id": "high20021.txt"}