{"answers": ["A", "B", "D"], "options": [["scientific society", "technical groups", "complex situation", "knowledge system"], ["scientists have specific scientific ideas", "science affects almost every field of our life", "it is easier to understand general characteristics of science", "it is not easy to understand the things that excite and discourage scientists"], ["are scientists making influential contributions", "want to have a little understanding of science", "want to break the male-controlled world", "have a misunderstanding about science"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, 'scientific subculture' means   _  .", "We need to know something about science because   _  .", "The book mentioned in this passage is written for readers who   _  ."], "article": "Science is a major topic in our culture. Since it touches almost every field of our life, educated people need at least some knowledge with its structure and operation. They should also have an understanding of the scientific subculture in which scientists live and the kinds of people they are. An understanding of general characteristics of science as well as specific scientific ideas is easier to obtain if one knows something about the things that excite and discourage the scientist.\n    This book is written for the person whose knowledge with science is not complete; for the person who has been presented with science as a musty storehouse of dried facts; for the person who sees the chief objective of science as the production of tricks; and for the person who views the scientists as some sort of magician. The book can be used to add to a course in any science, to come with any course that attempts to give an understanding of the modern world, or simply to provide a better understanding of science. We hope this book will lead readers to a broader view on scientific attitudes and a more realistic view of what science is, who scientists are, and what they do. It will give them an idea and understanding of the relationship between science and our culture and an appreciation of the roles science may play in our culture. Besides, readers may learn to appreciate the relationship between scientific views and some of the values and philosophies that are deep in our culture.\n We have tried to present in this book a correct and up-to-date picture of the scientific world and the people who populate it. That population has in recent years come to include more and more women. This increasing role of women is not just the only event but, rather, part of the trend obvious in all parts of society, as more women enter traditionally male-controlled fields and make influential contributions.\n We have also tried to make the book entertaining as well as informative. Our method is usually informal. We feel, as do many other scientists, that we shouldn't take ourselves too seriously. As the reader may observe, we see science as a delightful pastime rather than as a cruel and unpleasant way to earn a living.", "id": "high20020.txt"}