{"answers": ["D", "D", "B", "A"], "options": [["is free from traffic accidents", "is crowded with car drivers", "offers just a few on-line services", "appeals to a large number of users"], ["By storing fewer files.", "By repairing the system.", "By buying a better computer.", "By using a broad-band connection."], ["There will be a book show at Grayson Hall.", "Friedman is now studying the Great Barrier Reef.", "There will be a talk on global warming this week.", "Friedman is a  leading expert on computer science."], ["a poster about a lecture", "an ad for a new book", "a note to a doctor in a university", "an introduction to a professor"]], "questions": ["The Information Highway   _  .", "How does Mr. Cool manage to travel the Information Highway so fast?", "What can be learned from Passage 2?", "Passage 2 is most probably  _  ."], "article": "Passage 1\nThe Information Highway is the road that links computer users to a large number of on-line services: the Web,e-mail,and software,to mention just a few. Not long ago,the Information Highway was a new road,with not many users. Now,everyone seems to want to take a drive, with over 30 million families connected worldwide. Not surprisingly, this well-traveled highway is starting to look like a well-traveled highway. Traffic jams can cause many serious problems,forcing the system to close down for repair. Naturally,accidents will happen on such a crowded road,and usually victims are some files,gone forever. Then,of course,there' s Mr. Cool,with his new broad-band connection,who speeds down the highway faster than most of us can go. But don' t trick yourself:he pays for that speeding.\n Passage 2\nWant to know more about global warming and how you can help prevent it?Doctor Herman Friedman,who is considered a leading expert on the subject,will speak at Grayson Hall next Friday. Friedman studied environmental science at three well-known universities around the world before becoming a professor in the subject. He has also traveled around the world observing environmental concerns. The gradual bleaching  of the Great Barrier Reef,which came into the public eye in 2002,is his latest interest. Signed copies of his color1ful book,which was p ublished just last month,will be on sale after his talk.", "id": "high20042.txt"}