{"answers": ["B", "A", "C", "C"], "options": [["backpacking across a country", "wine tasting in a bar", "hiking to some mountains", "white water rafting"], ["whether you enjoy yourself", "whether you try something dangerous", "where you go for the traveling", "what you do in the traveling"], ["adventure travel always includes something dangerous", "adventure travel will cost you a large sum of money", "anything that goes beyond the normal is adventure travel", "adventure travelers like to do things to the limits of their body"], ["Tips on adventure travel", "Who is interested in adventure travel", "What is adventure travel", "Popular places for adventure travel"]], "questions": ["For a quiet traveler, he is most likely to choose   _  .", "To have an adventure travel, the most important is   _  .", "From the passage, we can make a conclusion that   _  .", "The best title for the passage may be \"  _  \"."], "article": "You want to have fun and adventure and so you decide to travel somewhere to do it. Sounds like a simple enough thing. And basically it is. But what is adventure? That is the key here and the answer can be different for different people.\nFor those who love sports, adventure travel can have a whole different meaning than for those who like history. The physical travel types that you can find include such adventure travel as white water rafting  , kayaking or climbing and hiking to some mountains somewhere. To the hiker, backpacking across Ireland might be their adventure. For this type of person, adventure travel almost always includes something physical. Often the goal is to push their body's limits and test their individual endurance  .\nFor those who less want to climb mountains, adventure travel might mean traveling to Nepal and taking in the local festivals. Wine tasting in Italy is also vacation adventure for the more relaxed traveler who enjoys peace and comfort. Anything that is opposite to the normal scope   of the traveler's lifestyle defines   adventure.\nAdventure travel is not necessarily a one-size-fits-all type of vacation. Adventure depends on the person's physical limits, how much money the person has and what the person enjoys doing. Going _ the normal is adventurous for many. If your life is quite busy, then sitting on a beach in the moonlight with your family might be adventure for you. The point is not what you do but that you have a good time and that it is an adventure for YOU -- not for the person next to you.\nDo not sit home this year when vacation time rolls around. Go beyond your normal routine and try something new. If you usually spend your vacation sun-bathing on a beach, try hiking, instead, through the mountains. Look around you, think beyond your comfort zone and head out on an adventure vacation.", "id": "high2004.txt"}