{"answers": ["D", "B"], "options": [["More Americans are dong it for fun.", "The price of oil is lower than before.", "There' s a growing need for fruits.", "The cost of living is on the rise."], ["Family Food Planning", "Banking on Gardening", "A Belt-tightening Move", "Gardening as a Hobby"]], "questions": ["Why is vegetable gardening becoming increasingly popular?", "Which of the following might be the best title for the text?"], "article": "Cassandra Feeley finds it hard to manage on her husband' s income. So this year she did something more than a hobby: She planted vegetables in her yard. For her fist garden, Ms Feeley  has put in 15 tomato plants, and five rows of a variety of vegetables. The family' s old farm house has become a chicke n house, its residents arriving next month. Last year, Ms. Rita Gartin kept a small garden. This year she has made it much larger because, she said,\"The cost of everything is going up and I was looking to lose a few pounds too; so it' s a win-win situation all around.\"\nThey are among the growing number of Americans who, driven by higher living costs and a falling economy , have taken up vegetable gardening for the first time. Others have increased the size of their existing gardens. Seed companies and garden shops say that not  since the 1970s has there been such an increase in interest in growing food at home. Now many gardens across the country have been sold out for several months. In Austin, Tex, some of the gardens have a three-year waiting list.\nGeorge C. Ball Jr, owner of a company, said sales of vegetable seeds and plants are up by 40%, over last year, double the averag e growth of last five years. Mr. Ball argues that some of the reasons have been building for the last few years. The big one is striking rise in the cost of food like bread and milk, together with the increases in the price of fruit and vegetables. Food prices have increase of higher oil price. People are driving less, taking fewer vacations, so there more time to garden.", "id": "high20056.txt"}