{"answers": ["C", "D"], "options": [["There are many products that can make the dark skin light.", "Many people with dark skin have no confidence.", "People with light skin seem to have more advantages over people with dark skin.", "People with dark skin are forced by the pressure of their families."], ["finger damage", "low weight", "skin cancer", "emotional damage"]], "questions": ["Why has the skin lightening become a common activity all over the world?", "According to the text customers using the bleaching products would also risk  _  ."], "article": "In many societies, there is often greater acceptance of light skin than dark skin. Light skin may be seen as a mark of beauty, intelligence and success. These beliefs can lead to social pressure even within the same racial group, if some members are darker skinned than others.\n    The result is that skin lightening has become a common activity across Africa, Asia and other areas of the world. More and more people with dark skin are using skin lightening products, even if they may face health risks.\n    They believe that having whiter skin will improve their lives. Many people think they will have a better chance of getting a job or marrying into a better family. Or they want to look like what their society generally considers beautiful.\n    Some beauty care products and soaps contain chemicals that make skin lighter. This process is also called bleaching. But some of the chemicals are extremely dangerous. One of the most dangerous is hydroquinone.\n    Hydroquinone has been banned in several countries. This chemical has been linked to kidney damage and some kinds of cancer. It also causes low birth weight in babies when mothers use it during pregnanc y.\n    At first, bleaching products make the skin color1 lighter. But after long-term use they can cause problems. They can even make some skin darker. The chemicals in the products block and break down the natural process that gives color1 to skin. The skin loses its natural barrier to protect against sunlight. Then the skin can become thick and discolor1ed. Usually the person will use more of the product in an effort to correct the problem, but this only makes it worse.\n    Fatimata Ly treats skin conditions in the Senegalese capital, Dakar. Doctor Ly says skin bleaching has become a problem throughout Senegal. She says the chemicals are now more dangerous because they are stronger. Some cases have resulted in blackened fingernails, infections and permanent skin damage.\n    And these are not the only risks. Experts say some people who change their skin color1 suffer emotional damage. They feel regret and sadness. They feel that instead of risking their health, they should have learned to love and accept their skin color1 as it was.", "id": "high20059.txt"}