{"answers": ["A", "C", "B"], "options": [["Depression--Heart Disease Risk Factor.", "Heart Disease--Health Killer.", "Depression--Mental Health Enemy.", "Heart Disease--Depression Factor."], ["With high blood pressure, depression is another potential risk to women's health.", "Depression, which is mild, can possibly cause damage to your health.", "Most people who experience depression get treated as they should be.", "Depression may have some influence on the function of heart disease medication."], ["depressed ones tend to eat high-fat and high-calories foods, which leads to physical damage to heart", "severe heart disease may cause people to feel hopeless and depressed", "depression may result in the lack of some kind of acids, which probably af fects the working of people' s heart", "people with depression often have a high level of stress hormones, maybe, which will put extra pressure on one's heart"]], "questions": ["Which of the following can be the best title of the passage?", "Which statement is NOT true according to the passage?", "According to the passage, the possible connections between heart disease and depression are the following EXCEPT   _  ."], "article": "In one of the strongest indications of the power of the mind to influence the body, a growing collection of evidence finds that people who are depressed have a greatly higher risk of developing heart disease.\nIn a study of almost 3, 000 men and 5, 000 women, depressed men were 70 per cent more likely to develop coronary   heart disease than those who weren't depressed. While depressed women were just 12 per cent more likely to develop heart disease, those who were severely depressed were 78 per cent more likely. In fact, a 1998 study found that women who are depressed have a risk of dying from heart disease equal to that of women who smoke or who have high blood pressure.\nThe link works the other way around, too: While about 1 in 20 American adults experience major depression in a given year, that number jumps to about one in three among those who have survived a heart attack.\nThe more severe the depression, the more dangerous it is to your health. But some studies suggest that even mild depression, including feelings of hopelessness experienced over many years, may damage the heart. Other studies suggest depression may affect how well heart disease medications work.\nResearchers are n' t sure what the connection between depression and heart disease is, but theories exist. One is that people who are depressed tend not to take very good care of themselves. They' re more likely to eat high-fat, high-calorie \"comfort\" foods, less likely to exercise, and more likely to smoke. But beyond lifestyle, there is probably also a physiological link between depression and heart disease. Recent studies found that people with severe depression tended to have a lack of heart-healthy 0-3 fatty acids. People who are depressed also often have high levels of stress hormones  . These keep the body primed for fight or flight, raising blood pressure and causing the heart to beat faster, all of which put additional stress on coronary arteries   and prevent the body' s natural healing mechanisms from working properly.\nA whole branch of medicine is devoted to the complex links between mental health, the nervous system, the hormone system and so on. This science is gradually sorting out how the mind-body connection affects us, or defenses against heart disease.\nGenerally, an estimated 10 per cent of American adults experience some form of depression every year. Although available treatments can ease symptoms   in more than 80 per cent of people treated, less than half of those with depression get the help they need.", "id": "high20057.txt"}