{"answers": ["D", "D", "A", "A"], "options": [["Eat less and take more exercise.", "Have less for lunch.", "Have more for supper.", "Have a good breakfast."], ["always eat a big breakfast", "eat a little for breakfast", "eat more for breakfast", "don't have breakfast at all"], ["They may not grow as fast as children with breakfast.", "They may grow faster and better than children with breakfast.", "They may grow as fast and well as children with breakfast.", "They may study as well as or ever better than children with breakfast."], ["Breakfast can provide us the power we need.", "Adults needn't have breakfast.", "Many fathers and mothers are unable to afford their children breakfast.", "Only breakfast is important to us."]], "questions": ["What should adults do in order to keep good health?", "Many fathers and mothers are unable to get their children to eat breakfast because they   _  .", "What will happen to the children without breakfast?", "Which of the following statements is TRUE?"], "article": "One of the most important meals of the day is breakfast. In order for children to build strong bodies and for adults to keep well, they should always eat a good breakfast. Eating the right food is necessary for good health. You should eat different kinds of food in order to keep a good health.\nIt is understood that a good breakfast may contain eggs, bread, milk, and so on. By eating breakfast every morning, you can feel alive and active in the morning's work. After a good breakfast you can step out into the morning air and feel wonderful. Anybody can feel better by eating a good breakfast.\nMany fathers and mothers are unable to get their children to eat breakfast. There are many reasons for children not to eat breakfast. One reason could be that they do not have a good example. It could be that the father and mother do not eat breakfast. What ever the reasons are for children not to eat breakfast, it can be bad for their health.\nWithout breakfast children may not grow as fast as they should and may not study and play as well in school in the morning as they could. They can have more illnesses, and, when they are ill, it may take them longer to be in good health again than it takes children with good health habits.\nGood eating habits mean eating breakfast. Unless you eat breakfast, you do not eat a full meal from dinner the night before until lunch the next day. This is quite a long time for the body to go without food.\nFood is the source of power for the body. Unless the body gets food, it cannot keep operating at top speed. Without food the body will slow down. Nobody will live without food. It is necessary to start the day full of power. So you must eat breakfast so that you can keep in good health and do your best each morning.", "id": "high2006.txt"}