{"answers": ["B", "C", "C"], "options": [["Hobby is one's regular activity in his office.", "Hobby is one's regular activity in his spare time.", "Hobby is a kind of activity only for old people.", "Hobby is a kind of activity only for young people."], ["have little money", "have much money", "have retired from their work", "have left school"], ["they were brave and hardworking", "the living conditions were poor", "they were engaged in making a living", "they like working"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is RIGHT?", "It seems that people who   _   may spend more time enjoying their hobbies.", "In early times,most people spent less time on their hobbies,because   _  ."], "article": "A hobby can be almost anything a person likes to do in his spare time. Hobbyists raise pets,build model ships,weave baskets,watch  birds,hunt  animals,climb mountains,raise flowers,fish,ski,skate and swim. Hobbyists also paint pictures,attend concerts and plays,and perform on musical instruments. They collect everything from books to butterflies and from shells to stamps.\n People take up hobbies because these activities offer enjoyment,friendship,knowledge,and relaxation. Sometimes they even give financial profits.Hobbies help people relax after periods of hard work,and provide a balance between work and play. Hobbies also offer interesting activities for persons who have retired. Anyone,rich or poor,old or young,sick or well,can follow a satisfying hobby,regardless of his age,position,or income.\n Hobbies can help a person's mental and physical health. Doctors have found that hobbies are valuable in helping patients  _ physical or mental illness. Hobbies give bedridden or wheelchair patients something to do,and provide interests that keep them from thinking about themselves. Many hospitals treat patients by having them take up interesting hobbies or pastimes .\n In early times,most people were too busy making a living to have many hobbies. But some persons who had spare time did enjoy hobbies. The ancient Egyptians played games with balls made of wood,pottery .\n People today have more time than ever before for hobbies. Machines have reduced the amount of time they must spend on their jobs. Hobbies provide variety for workers who do the same unchanging tasks all day long. More people are retiring than ever before,and at an earlier age. Those who have developed hobbies never need to worry about what to do with their newly found spare time hours.\n Sir William Osier,a famous Canadian doctor expressed the value of hobbies by saying,\"No man is really happy or safe without a hobby\".", "id": "high20067.txt"}