{"answers": ["B", "D"], "options": [["Ellington was very popular at parties in the Washington area.", "Ellington took the responsibility for a band for a long time.", "Ellington did live radio broadcasts in New York City.", "Ellington continually developed new material."], ["Ellington's career took off overnight", "Ellington loves touring around the world", "Ellington could compose a wide variety of songs", "Ellington had a great effect on the world of music"]], "questions": ["Which of the following can show us Ellington's leadership ability?", "We may infer from the passage that   _  ."], "article": "Duke Ellington is known as one of the most important composers of his time, and his work has been enjoyed for more than 80 years by music lovers all over the world. During his lifetime Ellington turned musical sounds into many compositions, mostly in the style known as jazz.\nThe Early Years\nEdward Kennedy Ellington was born in 1899 in Washington, D. C. It wasn't until Ellington was a teenager that his interest in music grew. He taught himself to play the piano by listening to local piano players. Sometime around 1916 Ellington began playing the piano at high school parties. Ellington realized that he enjoyed entertaining people with his music. He soon became a very popular musician, playing at parties and other events in the Washington area. Young adults seemed especially delighted by the modern pieces he composed.\nSuccess in New York\nIn 1923, when Ellington was almost 24 years old, he joined The Washingtonians, a five-piece group of musicians in Washington, and became the group's leader in early 1924. In 1927 Ellington and his orchestra won an engagement at Harlem's famous Cotton Club. For the next three years, his orchestra played at the Cotton Club nearly every night.\nThe Influence of the Cotton Club\n    Working at the Cotton Club encouraged Ellington's creativity. Since the shows changed every six months, he was challenged by the need to continually develop new material. He had to compose a wide variety of music to accompany the various acts in the Cotton Club shows and to adapt that music to the strengths and weaknesses of the players in his orchestra.\nBy 1928 the popular nightspot began radio broadcasts. From the broadcasts Ellington and his orchestra gained a national reputation.\nOn the Road\nAs Ellington's popularity increased, he realized that his orchestra could do well on concert tours. They left the Cotton Club in 1931 and toured America and Europe almost continually for the next 43 years. In addition to touring, Ellington made recordings and continued to compose music.\nDuke Ellington played the piano, composed music, and led his famous orchestra for more than 50 years, until his death in 1974. Music lovers all over the world agree that the large quantity of music he created will be enjoyed for many years to come.", "id": "high20075.txt"}