{"answers": ["C", "B", "A"], "options": [["The writer believes it.", "The writer is delighted to know it.", "The writer doesn't believe it.", "The writer is annoyed to know it."], ["The American Medical Association conducted the medical research in Sweden and Finland.", "The men participating in the studies reduced their risk to the same extent as the women did.", "In America the rate of Type 2 diabetes among ever-younger age groups is growing.", "The people of the present who become diabetics have a nutrient-poor diet."], ["Build Health: Want To Prevent Diabetes?", "Build Health: Why To Prevent Diabetes?", "Build Health: What To Prevent Diabetes?", "Build Health: Where To Prevent Diabetes?"]], "questions": ["What is the writer's attitude towards the result about the research on diabetes?", "Which of the following statement is Not true according to the passage?", "What is the best title of the passage?"], "article": "To prevent diabetes  you will get a real jolt ( shock ) when you follow the prescription offered up in the \"Journal of the American Medical Association.\" This 'prestigious' organization reported on separate studies of coffee drinkers in Sweden and Finland.\nWhiz-bang medical researchers discovered that women could decrease their risk of diabetes by 29 percent when they followed a regimen of drinking three to four cups of coffee a day. The ladies who had the courage to drink 10 or more cups of coffee a day progressed even better. They reduced their risk of diabetes by 79 percent. The men participating in the studies also reduced their risk, but not to the extent as did the women. When men drank three to four cups a day, they reduced their risk of diabetes by 27 percent. The men who drank 10 or more cups of java per day reduced their risk by 55 percent.\nThese results confirm a January report by the equally 'prestigious' Harvard School of Public Health. That report concluded that drinking six 8-ounce cups of coffee a day could reduce diabetes risk in men by about 50 percent and in women by 30 percent.\nIf the numbers have any connection to reality, the more coffee you drink, the better off you are. And that is the rub. The numbers have nothing to do with reality, nothing to do with the truth. Here in America the rate of adult-onset diabetes, or Type 2 diabetes, is growing increasingly. Nowadays it typically shows up in middle-age populations, but the disease is on the rise among ever-younger age groups.\nDo not step up your coffee consumption in the belief it will help you prevent diabetes. This disease has  ly nothing to do with a lack of coffee drinking.\nScience and truth are not synonymous. Medical scientists do not deal with truth. The medical scientists who monkey around with coffee drinking merely play with limited and approximate descriptions of reality. In this case, extremely limited and hardly approximate.\nIf you are serious about preventing diabetes, you have to look at the differences between the people of the past who did not get diabetes and the people of today who get diabetes.  _ involves more than merely harping on the fact the younger generation is becoming more overweight and less active.\nWe have plenty of newly discovered diabetics who are active and on the thin side---and they drink lots of coffee. The primary difference between the people of the past who did not get sick and die like we do, and the present lot who become diabetics, is poor nutritional status. The diabetic-in-process has an inadequate intake of nutrients and/or excessive intake of nutrient-poor foods. Conversely , his/her healthy ancestors had a nutrient-rich diet. The nutrient-rich diet of the past contained, minimally, four times the amount of minerals, and ten times the amount of fat-soluble  vitamins found in the American diet of the late 1930's and early 1940's.\nFolks who learn where health comes from and practice prevention won't become diabetic, and will not need the medical community dosing them with coffee, or any other magic bullet.", "id": "high20103.txt"}