{"answers": ["B", "D", "C"], "options": [["classic style", "Conceptualism", "Pop art", "Baroque style"], ["Pop Art, Minimalism and Conceptualism are styles that developed in the Postmodern era.", "Some of the world's earliest art was created in caves.", "History, culture and one's concept of beauty affect what a person believes to be art.", "Art historians refer to today's artistic period as the Modern era."], ["7", "8", "10", "12"]], "questions": ["One of the artistic styles that many people today discuss and arguing about is   _  .", "Which statement is NOT true according to the passage?", "According to the passage, art historians have classified these styles into  _  periods."], "article": "What is art? According to one definition, it is the creation of something that appeals to our sense of beauty. This definition may include painting, drawing, sculpture, and architecture, or performing arts such as music and drama. Cultural and historical influences, as well as one's own consciousness of what is aesthetically( )pleasing, play a role in what one believes to be art. To some people, art is the description of an object--- a painting or sculpture of a person, for example. For others, art may be a blank canvas, or a piece of chalk.\n   In order to talk about the different artistic styles that have existed over time, art historians have classified these styles into different periods and organized them in chronological order. The works of art produced within each period mirror the culture and events of that time.\n   The earliest forms of art, from the prehistoric era , include simple cave paintings and figures made from stone. There were followed by the sculptures and carvings of Ancient Civilizations era. Styles of the later Classical era (800 B.C. to 200 A.D.), reflect the culture of the time--- one that favored simplicity and balance. The period of the Middle Ages followed, and was succeeded by a revival of classical styles in the Renaissance era, beginning around 1400. Well-known artists of this time include Michelangelo and da Vinci. One hundred years of Baroque style, and then fifty years of Rococo followed the 200-year Renaissance. The start of the nineteenth century saw the rise of the Premodern era, followed by the Modern era, a period that lasted until 1945. This was followed by Postmodern era that characterizes the present day.\nIn addition to differences in artistic styles between eras, there are also differences within each era. The Postmodern era, for example, has featured innovative artistic styles such as Pop Art ( which includes work by Andy Warhol), Minimalism, and Conceptualism. Since the 1960s, Conceptualism has grown in popularity. This style focuses more on the idea or 'concept' of art using realistic objects, rather than on art that is created using traditional materials such as paint, canvas, stone, or clay. Whereas Warhol used a can of beans as the basis for a painting, for example, a conceptual artist might say that the can itself is a work of art.\nConceptualism has become an increasingly controversial  art style, particularly as result of numerous conceptual artists winning the Turner Prize. This PS20,000 award is presented annually to a British artist under the age of fifty, in recognition of an outstanding work. Sponsored by the Tate Gallery of Britain, it is recognized as one of Europe's most prestigious awards for visual arts. Its aim is to promote discussion about contemporary British art. In 2002, pop music icon Madonna presented the Turner Prize to conceptual artist Martin Creed.\n......", "id": "high20101.txt"}