{"answers": ["C", "D", "C"], "options": [["a research paper", "a course schedule", "a personal letter", "a book review"], ["Philosophical questions are as interesting as collecting stamps.", "Thinking about philosophical questions is a serious interest.", "Figuring out who we are and why we are here is man's basic needs.", "Philosophy has universal appeal and concerns everybody in nature."], ["no existing subject can interest everyone in the world", "different people may have different interests and concerns", "everyone has to figure out who we are and why we are here", "people in modern society pay more attention to philosophical questions"]], "questions": ["This text is most probably taken from   _  .", "Which of the following best states the main idea of the passage?", "The author believes that   _  ."], "article": "Lots of people have hobbies. Some people collect old coins or foreign stamps; some do needlework; others spend most of their spare time on a particular sport.\nA lot of people enjoy reading. But reading tastes differ widely. Some people only read newspapers or comics, some like reading novels, while others prefer books on astronomy, wildlife, or technological discoveries.\nIf I happen to be interested in horses or precious stones, I cannot expect everyone else to share my enthusiasm. If I watch all the sports programs on TV with great pleasure, I must put up with the fact that other people find sports boring.\nIs there nothing that interests us all? Is there nothing that concerns everyone--no matter who they are or where they live in the world? Yes, dear Sophie, there are questions that certainly should interest everyone. They are precisely the questions this course is about.\nWhat is the most important thing in life? If we ask someone living on the edge of starvation, the answer is food. If we ask someone dying of cold, the answer is warmth. If we put the same question to someone who feels lonely and isolated, the answer will probably be the company of other people.\nBut when these basic needs have been satisfied--will there still be something that everybody needs? Philosophers think so. They believe that man cannot live by bread alone. Of course everyone needs food. And everyone needs love and care. But there is something else--apart from that--which everyone needs, and that is to figure out who we are and why we are here.\nBeing interested in why we are here is not a \"casual\" interest like collecting stamps. People who ask such questions are taking part in a debate that has gone on as long as man has lived on this planet. How the universe, the earth, and life came into being is a bigger and more important question than who won the most gold medals in the last Olympics.", "id": "high20115.txt"}