{"answers": ["C", "B", "A"], "options": [["The relationship between Mark and Steve.", "The important lessons Mark learned in school.", "Steve's important role in Mark's growth stage.", "Mark and Steve's respect for living things."], ["was surprised", "felt frightened", "was light-hearted", "cried before her"], ["Respecting life.", "Being responsible for one's behavior.", "Being honest.", "Respecting others' property"]], "questions": ["What is the passage mainly about?", "When Mark admitted his mistakes to Mrs. Holt, he   _  .", "To Mark, which is the most important lesson Steve taught him?"], "article": "My elder brother Steve, in the absence of my father who died when I was six, gave me important lessons in values  that helped me grow into an adult.\nSteve taught me to face the results of my behavior. Once when I returned in tears from a Saturday baseball game, it was Steve who asked me what happened. When I explained that my baseball had soared through Mrs. Holt's basement window, breaking the glass with a crash, Steve encouraged me to admit to her. Although my knees knocked as I explained to Mrs. Holt, I offered to pay for the window from my pocket money if she would return my ball.\nI also learned from Steve that personal property  is a sacred  thing. After I found a shiny silver pen in my fifth-grade classroom, I wanted to keep it, but Steve explained that it might be important to someone else in spite of the fact that it had little value. He reminded me of how much I'd hate to lose to someone else the small dog my father made with a piece of cheap wood. I returned the pen to my teacher, Mrs. David, and still remembered the smell of her perfume   as she patted me on the shoulder.\nYet of all the instructions Steve gave me, his respect for life is the most unforgetful in my mind. When I was twelve I killed an old brown sparrow in the yard with a BB gun. Excited, I screamed at Steve to come and take a look. I shall never forget the way he stood for a long moment and stared at the bird on the ground. Then in a dead, quiet voice, he asked, \"Did it hurt you first, Mark?\" I didn't know what to answer. He continued with his eyes firm, \"The only time you should even think of hurting a living thing is when it hurts you first, and then you think a long, long time.\" I really felt terrible then, but that moment stands out as the most important lesson my brother taught me.", "id": "high2011.txt"}