{"answers": ["D", "C", "D", "A"], "options": [["Tiara", "Erin", "Nagib.", "Lee."], ["Jackson.", "Brittney.", "Tiara.", "Nagib."], ["tattoos and piercing are a new kind of elegant art", "all the teachers in the West are in favor of tattoos and piercing", "everything is changeable with time going on", "it is necessary to live with all different views of beauty"], ["Body Art or Damage", "Damage to the Youth's Body", "Young People's Different Curiosities", "A Great Anxiety About Young People"]], "questions": ["Who is wholeheartedly lost in tattoos and piercing?", "Who doesn't think tattoos and piercing are beautiful?", "We can conclude that   _  .", "The best title for this passage is probably   _  ."], "article": "Tattoos  and body piercings  have moved up on the trend list in recent years. Around Western schools lots of teens are sporting new holes and flesh ink. Like all other subjects, we'll surely be faced with such situation. To get a better view of what has happened in the West, let's sit down and hear what they say.\nKerstin Otto from Washington:\nThe hotter it gets and the more layers of clothing disappear, the more tattoos and piercings appear on various places of the human body, I wouldn't be caught dead with a snake tattooed on my ankle or with a piece of metal stuck in my belly button.\nErin from Indiana:\nI think body piercing is cool. In most situations, you don't really have to worry about it getting torn out. I go to Noblesville High School. I am a sophomore (that is the l0th grade). Body piercing can be cool, only if it is not taken to too much of an extent. I would not want to get my nose pierced, just because I think I'll look bad. But that is my personal opinion. I guess that type of thing is a cultural difference.\nTiara from Indiana:\nI personally think body piercing is sickening. If there were supposed to be holes in your body, you would have been born with them. I do, however, think that ear piercing, is not wrong.  There is a difference between ear piercing and belly button piercing. Ear piercing is not nearly as dangerous. I would be sick if someone stuck a needle in my belly button.\nLee from Illinois:\nHi! I live in Illinois. I am 23. I have 12 tattoos and three piercings. I love my tattoos and consider myself an art collector. You would be surprised at who has given me the thumbs-up on my art work. People on the street stop me to look at that on my leg. Most of them don't know what it is. They just think the work itself is great.\nSubotai from California:\nI'm not prohibitive  of self-expression, but when I see high school students getting these piercings, I really wonder. In some cases, the drive is deeper and darker than mere fashion. A friend of mine tried piercing her own tongue with a safety pin. It got infected and she had a tongue the size of a cow's.\nNagib from Washington:\nI wanted an earring. My friends had them and it looked like a cool thing. I wanted to get a nose ring, but my mum wouldn't let me. Now I'm glad I didn't get it. I just wanted a little stud, but I wouldn't have looked good with it.\nJackson from Ohio:\nI don't think it's wrong, but when people do it all over the place like their face and everything --I think that's ridiculous. People who get the big dragons that cover your whole body--I don't think that's necessary. When I see naked chicks on guys, I think. \"You have no respect for women.\"\nBrittney from New York:\nYou don't want to do stuff to your body. You don t need to do that because you were made perfect. You don't need to add piercings. If it will make you feel beautiful and you really feel like you need to do it for yourself, then okay. If it really makes a big difference impacting your self-esteem and how you are towards others, then do it. But otherwise, don't mess with what you got. Maybe you should try something more substantial  to find beauty in yourself.", "id": "high20127.txt"}