{"answers": ["D"], "options": [["They are four basic steps to keep warm.", "Gloves can't protect us from cold sometimes.", "We should keep ourselves as dry as possible.", "They can protect us from injuries completely."]], "questions": ["Which of the following is NOT true about the C.O.L.D. according to the text?"], "article": "Freezing weather can mean frostbite and  _ unless a person is prepared. Do you know how to stay warm, dry and safe in such cold winter?\nFrostbite is damage that happens when skin is exposed to extreme cold for too long. It mainly happens on the hands, feet, nose and ears. People with small cases of frostbite that affect only the skin may not suffer any lifelong damage. But if deeper tissue   is affected, a person is likely to feel pain every time the area gets cold. If blood vessels are damaged, people can suffer an infection of gangrene  . Sometimes, doctors have to remove frostbitten areas like fingers and toes.\nHypothermia happens when the body cannot produce as much heat as it releases. The condition comes on slowly. Signs of hypothermia include uncontrollable shaking, very slow breathing and unclear thinking. If not treated properly, Hypothermia can be deadly.\nA simple way to avoid cold-related injuries is to remember four basic steps. Think of COLD -- C.O.L.D. The C stands for cover. Wear a hat and a scarf to keep heat from escaping through the head, neck and ears. And wear mittens   instead of gloves. In gloves, the fingers are separated, so the hands might not stay as warm. The O stands for overexertion  . Avoid activities that will make you sweaty. Wet clothes and cold weather are a bad mix. L is for layers. Wearing loose, lightweight clothes, one layer on top of another, is better than wearing a single heavy layer of clothing. Also, make sure outerwear is made of material that is water-resistant and tightly knit. Can you guess what the D in C.O.L.D. stand for? D is for dry. In other words, stay as dry as possible. Pay attention to the places where snow can enter, like the tops of boots, the necks of coats and the wrist areas of mittens.\nAnd here are two other things to keep in mind -- one for children and the other for adults. Eating snow might be fun but it lowers the body's temperature. And drinking alcohol might make a person feel warm. But what it really does is weaken the body's ability to hold heat.", "id": "high20136.txt"}