{"answers": ["C", "C", "C"], "options": [["clothes-canoe-bread-pot-light", "light-canoe-bread-pot-clothes", "light-pot-bread-canoe-clothes", "light-bread-pot-canoe-clothes"], ["strong, skillful but pessimistic", "sad, lazy and idle", "clever, hard-working and optimistic", "hard-working, busy but stupid"], ["He was lucky to find some bread left in a small bag.", "He couldn't read or write because of his poor eyesight.", "He failed to sail his first boat.", "He loved the life on the island so much that he never thought of escaping from it."]], "questions": ["The man made many things by himself. Which is the right order?", "Which of the following can be used to describe the man in the passage?", "Which of the following is true according to the passage?"], "article": "I also went out every day,and I always had my gun with me. Sometimes I killed a wild animal,and then  _ 1 _ .\nBut when it got dark,I had to go to bed because I had no light. I couldn't read or write because I couldn't see. But in the end,I learnt how to use the fat of dead animals to make a light.\n... And so my life went on. Every month I learnt to do or to make something new. But I had troubles and accidents too. Once there was a terrible storm with very heavy rain. The roof of my cave fell in,and nearly killed me!I had to build it up again with many pieces of wood.\n _ 2 _ . I cooked it over a fire or dried it in the sun. So I always had meat during the rainy months when I could not go out with a gun. I learnt to make pots to keep my food in. But I wanted very much to make a harder,stronger pot--a pot that would not break in a fire. I tried many times,but I could not do it. Then one day I was lucky. I made some new pots and put them in a very hot fire. They changed colour,but did not break. I left them there for many hours,and when they were cold again,I found that they were hard and strong. That night I was very happy. I had hot water for the first time on the island.\nBy then,I also had my own bread. That was luck,too. One day I found a little bag. We used it on the ship,to keep the chickens' food in. There was still some of the food in the bag,and I dropped some of it onto the ground. A month later I saw something bright green there,and after six months I had a very small field of corn. I was very excited. Perhaps now I could make my own bread!\nIt was easy to say,but not so easy to do. It is a lot of work to make bread from corn. Many people eat bread,but how many people can take corn from a field and make bread out of it without help?I had to learn and to make many new things.  _ 3 _ .\nDuring all this time I never stopped thinking about escape. When I travelled across to the other side of the island,I could see the other islands,and I said to myself,'Perhaps I can get there with a boat. Perhaps I can get back to England one day. '\nSo I decided to make myself a boat. I cut down a big tree,and then began to make a long hole in it. It was hard work,but about six months later,I had a very fine canoe. Next,I had to get it down to the sea. How stupid I was!Why didn't I think before I began work?Of course,the canoe was too heavy. I couldn't move it!I pulled and pushed and tried everything,but it didn't move.  _ 4 _ .\nThat happened in my fourth year on the island. In my sixth year I did make myself a smaller canoe,but I did not try to escape in it. The boat was too small for a long journey,and I did not want to die at sea. The island was my home now,not my prison,and I was just happy to be alive. \nThere were always things to do or to make. I learnt to make new clothes for myself from the skins of dead animals. They looked very strange,it is true,but they kept me dry in the rain...", "id": "high20139.txt"}