{"answers": ["B", "D", "C"], "options": [["She tolerated it.", "She enlightened her daughter with love.", "She gave her daughter a lesson.", "She ignored it."], ["The child was very naughty.", "Many people are short of love.", "The writer was familiar with the mother.", "The writer can't agree more with the mother's way of educating her child."], ["A mother should take care of her child.", "A child should be polite to his or her mother.", "What is the best way to educate a child.", "A mother shouldn't pay much attention to her child's behavior."]], "questions": ["How did the mother treat her daughter's loud laughter?", "Which of the following statements is true?", "What does the writer intend to tell us by writing the passage?"], "article": "It was late in a spring afternoon. I was sitting at a fruit stand beside Beihai Lake looking at the shinning ripple , which awoke me to a full sense of life.\nA mother and her daughter were sitting opposite to me. The latter, a lovely girl of seven or eight with a pretty, small nose, was occupied with an ice cream. Her mother, holding the child's sweater, was whispering to her.\nA sudden breeze blew and the child sneezed. Her mother rapidly put the sweater on her and began to button it up. In her hurry the buttons were wrongly matched, which was unnoticed by her until several had been done. The mother at once unbuttoned the sweater and did it again. Such an unimportant incident, however, did not escape the child's eye. \"Ha-ha, mum, see how your mind has wandered!\" said the girl with a loud laughter, which brought a bit angry look to the mother's face.\nAs an onlooker, I imagined a good dressing down for the little girl because of the impolite remark she made. But instead there was only an embarrassing interval of a few seconds. Then I heard the mother's gentle voice: \"Yes, it surely has, for my heart has gone out to you!\" said the mother, pointing a kind finger at the girl's little chest. The child blinked  puzzlingly, hiding her red face in the arms of her mother who hugged her gently. A smile of satisfaction spread over the mother's face.\nI was deeply moved by the scene of motherly love. What was the most praiseworthy thing about the mother was her way of treating the child's behavior. Nowadays many people seem to forget that the best way to educate a child is not tolerating or blaming, or even moral lecturing, but tender enlightening with love.", "id": "high20143.txt"}