{"answers": ["D", "B", "C", "A"], "options": [["Children Enjoy Learning English Online", "Children Learn English Through Games", "Welcome to MES Games", "ESL Websites for Children"], ["It contains different courses for both children and adults.", "It only provides useful websites for learning English.", "Besides learning materials, music can be available on it.", "Without parents, children cannot open the sites it provides."], ["MES Games", "ESL Kids Lab", "ESL Kid Stuff", "English Interactive"], ["There are ABC games played with music.", "Grammar exercises can be available online.", "There are free video resources for learners.", "Learners can find word-related online games."]], "questions": ["The best title for this passage would be   _  .", "According to the passage, which of the following is TRUE about ESL Kid?", "According to the passage, which of the following provides chargeable service?", "Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage?"], "article": "English as a second language (ESL) websites for children can help build vocabulary, teach correct spelling and pronunciation of words, and assist with basic grammar such as understanding sentence structure, parts of speech, tenses, and singular and plural word forms. English learning websites for children include:\n* ESL Kid is an organized website that serves as a comprehensive directory of English as a second language resources for children, teachers, and parents. There are categories for different subjects, such as ABC games, dictionary, spelling, literature and music. Since this is just a directory, parents should help children explore the sites linked to it. \n* MES Games has several categories of interactive games. Some games are more suited to younger children and beginning learners, such as the vocabulary building games in which players must first listen to a spoken word and then identify the correct items. More advanced children will enjoy online sport games based on grammar concepts that go with multiple choice questions. \n* ESL Kids Lab has many resources for helping children learn English as a second language. These include free video English lessons categorized by grade level, ideas for games, and printable worksheets. However, the inferiority of this website is also obvious -- it contains lots of advertisements. \n* ESL Kid Stuff has a variety of resources, including a list of select online English learning games and song lyric sheets. Downloading worksheets and flashcards requires a yearly membership fee, however. \n* English Interactive lets children and beginning ESL students click on words to hear their pronunciation and build essential vocabulary skills. After viewing the words, students can try an interactive quiz. \n* English Vocabulary Games has a variety of interactive games designed to help ESL children build vocabulary.", "id": "high20140.txt"}