{"answers": ["C", "B", "D", "B"], "options": [["Stress Is Good or Not", "How to Form Good Working Habits", "Tips on How to Manage Stress", "Ways to Keep Healthy"], ["It's better to plan a specific time to do the task.", "It helps you stay motivated to think about the undone tasks.", "It's unnecessary for you to do all the tasks by yourself.", "It helps if you put your attention to one task at a time."], ["The more stress you have, the more motivated you will be.", "Writing down everything seems impossible.", "Only reward yourself for your biggest achievements in your work.", "It is necessary to have a break during your work."], ["Stress is always bad for people.", "Imagining a relaxing scene may help.", "The best way to relax is by rewarding yourself.", "Finishing tasks on time reduces stress."]], "questions": ["The best title for the passage would probably be   _  .", "According to the passage, which of the following is NOT true?", "Which of the following would the author agree?", "What can we learn from the passage?"], "article": "A little stress is good, since it helps you keep motivated to meet your goals. However, too much stress is bad for your health. Stress needs to be managed in order to prevent anxiety  . Here are some tips on how to manage stress.\nWrite it out\nWrite down everything that seems stressful, and ways to deal with each problem. You'll find a things-to-do list much easier to manage than having all messed up in your head. Write down the tasks along with the specific times when you can do them.\nOne task at a time\nGive each task all your attention while you're doing it, and forget the rest. This will keep you from feeling anxious about things you have left to do. Thinking about other tasks only adds unnecessary stress, and can even stop you from doing the task you're busy with at present. You don't need to do everything all at once, or on your own. The feeling of being pressed to finish something on time will somehow disappear if someone is there to help you.\nGive yourself a reward\nRewarding yourself for what you've already done, no matter how small, is a great way to motivate yourself to keep going. It will reduce stress, and make you happier to go on with the next task.\nGive yourself a break\nBreaks of ten to fifteen minutes are important. Visit a cafe or take a quick walk --anything to take your mind off the work for a while. If you need to stay at work, sit with your eyes closed and imagine a peaceful place or some other relaxing scenes. This will remove the stress from your muscles and mind.", "id": "high2017.txt"}