{"answers": ["D", "B", "C"], "options": [["the first international fast food company says they are too big in size", "the health-minded customers complain they don't taste delicious", "a new documentary film shows the negative effects of McDonald's Supersize", "the company wants to gain some consumers who pay attention to their health"], ["Changing the menu.", "Offering some drink for free.", "Supplying milk and fruit", "Planning to launch a Happy Meal for adults."], ["Negative.", "Doubtful.", "Objective.", "Critical."]], "questions": ["McDonald's will remove Supersize French fries and soft drinks because   _  .", "In order to support a balanced life style, which measure has the company NOT taken?", "What might be the author's attitude towards McDonald's new measures?"], "article": "McDonald's Corp, founded in 1940 with a restaurant opened by Dick and Mac  McDonald, which was bothered by criticism of its fatty foods, says it will remove Supersize French fries and soft drinks by the end of the year, to please health-minded customers. \nMcDonald's Supersize option, which includes a 7-ounce fries carton and 42-ounce fountain soda, has also been targeted by critics as contributing to a growing obesity crisis in the United States where more than half the population is considered  _ .\nFrom a neighborhood restaurant established in Des Plaines, Illinois in 1955 to today, more than 30,000 restaurants in more than 100 countries worldwide, McDonald's is the largest quick service restaurant organization in the world, selling primarily variations on meals consisting of hamburgers, carbonated drinks besides French fries. As the first international fast food company, McDonald's has become a focal point in public debate about rising obesity rates and consumer responsibility. \nMost standalone McDonald's restaurants offer both counter and drive-through service, with indoor and sometimes outdoor seating. The larger McDonald's grows, the more sensitive it becomes to negative customer understanding. According to this, McDonald's has tried to cater to varying cultural requirements, such as by customizing its menu to each country. The company, which began offering Supersize portions widely in 1994, said it is making the menu changes to \"support a balanced lifestyle\" approach that is in keeping with other recent moves to promote healthier behavior. These include a planned national launch of a Happy Meal for adults called Go Active! In the past year, it has introduced several health-oriented foods, such as entree-sized salads and healthy alternatives in children's Happy Meal, including milk and fruit. \nA new documentary film, called Super Size Me illustrates the negative effects of over-consumption of McDonald's food. The film has been released, but a McDonald's spokeswoman said that the menu changes are not related to any impact of the film on public awareness. \nMcDonald's recognized that to be successful, it would have to be flexible and adapt to social changes. The company has been reducing complexity of its menu, part of a broader push to improve operations and service in its more than 13,000 US restaurants. Analysts said the change will allow McDonald's to continue its emphasis on foods with higher-quality elements and more money-earned, such as entree-sized salads and all-white-meat Chicken McNuggets.", "id": "high20184.txt"}