{"answers": ["C", "B", "D", "B"], "options": [["help students with study problems", "persuade teenagers to do volunteering", "encouraging young people to achieving success", "teach people how to apply for a college"], ["Clubs, puberty, friends", "Driving, sports, family relationships", "Sports, drinking, growing up", "Puberty, clubs, family relationships"], ["How to form a good habit in college.", "What the top 10 American colleges are.", "How to get used to the college life quickly.", "How to get through the application process."], ["They are all written by kids.", "Teens are likely to be the readers.", "They are all best-sellers of this year.", "Both kids and parents enjoy them."]], "questions": ["The writer's purpose of writing the book Extraordinary Teensis to   _  .", "Which of the following topics does Teen Talk High Schoolcover?", "What does Getting into Collegemainly talk about?", "What do all the four books have in common?"], "article": "Extraordinary Teens\n    The book will inspire young adults with its tales of teenagers achieving great success. It includes personal stories from many well-known young athletes, businessmen, actors, writers and filmmakers. Every person shares his or her story along with valuable advice that will show you how you can also achieve success. Learn from these people who are walking examples of possibility.\n    Teens Talk High School\n    This book is written for high school kids, aged 14-18. Teens in high school have mainly moved past worrying about puberty , so the stories in this book cover topics of interest to older teens, such as sports and clubs, driving, faming relationships, friends, and preparing for life after high school. High school students will find comfort and inspiration in the words of this book, referring to it through all the four years of their high school experience.\n     Getting into College\n     Every year colleges receive a lot of applications, and the application process has become something hard that students and parents experience together. This book isn't about how to get into college. It's about providing emotional support. The stories in this book are written by kids who have been there and want to pass on their words of support to others. Parents and students will find this book a great source of inspiration. \n     Campus Stories\n     College life can be fun, exciting, and educational in more ways than one. Campus Storesis a book for any current  or future college student who wants to know what really goes on the campus. Campus Storesis about growing up, making choices, learning lessons, and making the best of your last as a student.", "id": "high20181.txt"}