{"answers": ["D", "C", "B", "B"], "options": [["In America a self-cleaning paint was modeled on the lotus flower.", "Zimbabwe engineers learned from termites to create highly advanced heating\nsystems.", "After the boxfish ,many other ideas of new products are borrowed from nature.", "Nature is a good source to turn to for improving technology."], ["They wanted to pay a visit to the animals there because they were so lovely.", "They wanted to carry out a research of boxfish and dolphins.", "They wanted to search for a model to base on for building a more-efficient car.", "They wanted to study the science of survival."], ["it is believed that the creation of the airplane might have originated from the bird flying in the sky", "the atmosphere on the earth cannot be transferred into the original idea", "dolphins and sharks may become the source of scientists ,inventions or creations", "if you observe and explore nature ,you may make great discoveries or become great inventors"], ["How Daimler's bionic car came into being.", "Nature has inspired a lot of inventions and will continue to.", "Scientists and inventors' contribution to modern industry comes from nature.", "The Nature's 100 best list."]], "questions": ["Which is TRUE according to the passage?", "Why did top engineers in Germany go to the natural history museum?", "We can infer from the passage EXCEPT   _  *", "What's the main idea of the passage?"], "article": "Directions : Read the following three passages. Each passage is followed by several questions or unfinished statements. For each of them there are 4 choices marked A,B, C and D. Choose the one that fits best according to the information given in the passage\nWhen top engineers in Germany wanted to build a more energy-efficient car, they headed to the natural history museum to study dolphins and sharks. But it was the boxfish  that interested them.\n\"We were surprised when this clumsy-looking fish became our model for designing an aerodynamic  car\",says Thomas Weber. He is the research and development chief for the car company Daimler. An aerodynamic design reduces wind drag and increases fuel efficiency.\nThe boxfish may look clumsy, but it can start, stop ,back up and zigzag  through the water with ease. And it does all this using surprisingly little energy. Daimler's bionic  car is modeled on the fish's boxy skeletal   system. Like the fish, the car is fast and drives easily. It's efficient too.\nThe science behind nature-inspired inventions is called biomimicry  . Biologist Janine Benyus came up with the term. As co-founder of the Biomimicry Guild, she has worked with cereal companies,sneaker designers and others to develop products based on Nature's best ideas.\nThis month ,the Nature's 100 Best List will be revealed at the World Conservation Congress  in Barcelona ,Spain. Benyus co-authored the list of nature inspired designs with economist Gunter Pauli.\nIn Zimbabwe ,a country in southern Africa ,engineers designed energy-efficient buildings modeled on termite  mounds  . The buildings use vents   to keep the air flowing and the temperature cool.\nA company in Atlanta ,US ,developed a self-cleaning paint modeled on the lotus  leaf. When the paint dries ,it becomes bumpy  ,just like the lotus leaf. Rain drops form on the bumps and roll off ,carrying dirt along with them.\nNature has done billions of years of research. Only the best-designed products have survived. Companies owe Mother Nature a debt for all that hard work ,says Benyus.\nFor scientists and inventors, the possibilities for copying nature are limitless. Technology may never be as efficient as nature, or as color1ful. But that doesn 't mean we should stop trying to learn from the world around us. Take a walk outside. Watch a squirrel climb up a tree. Look closely at the veins  of a leaf. Hear the birds chirping in the trees. Such small details may help solve big problems in the future.", "id": "high20192.txt"}