{"answers": ["B", "B", "A", "D"], "options": [["he showed how to change an ugly old building into a lovely modern one", "the buildings he designed were beautiful", "he began his professional life as a painter, before becoming an architect", "he is excellent in art"], ["Where was he born?", "When did he live?", "How many buildings did he design?", "where are the buildings he designed?"], ["they were designed to fit into the land on which they stood", "they captured the classical beauty of earlier periods of history", "they produced an effect of lightness and gracefulness in spite of being high and square.", "they were not square ones"], ["He learned building designing in an architect's office.", "He built a low and wide house on top of a high hill to keep the beauty of the hill.", "Many architects learned from Frank Lloyd Wright to design buildings to fit into the land.", "When he was young he took courses in architecture in college."]], "questions": ["Frank Lloyd Wright has been called an artist because   _  .", "The selection answers only one of the following questions about Wright, namely:", "A special quality of Wright's buildings was that   _  .", "Which of the following statements is not true?"], "article": "Frank Lloyd Wright did not call himself an artist. He called himself an architect. But the buildings he designed were works of art. He looked at the ugly square buildings around him, and he did not like what he saw. He wondered why people built ugly homes, when they could have beautiful ones.\n    Frank Lloyd Wright lived from 1869 to 1959. When he was young, there were no courses in architecture, so he went to work in an architect's office in order to learn how to design buildings. Soon he was designing buildings that were beautiful.\n    He also wanted to make his buildings fit into the land around them. One of the houses he designed is on top of a high hill. Other people built tall, square houses on hills, but Wright did not want to lose the beauty of the hill. He built the house low and wide.\n    Now other architects know how to design buildings to fit into the land. Frank Lloyd Wright showed them how to do it.", "id": "high20224.txt"}