{"answers": ["C", "B", "A"], "options": [["We must realize that television is the most powerful force in the education of children today.", "Unfortunately children who act in TV shows cannot be educated because their work does not permit them to \nattend school.", "Special arrangements are made for giving a good education to children during the weeks of their \nemployment as TV actors.", "Most of the teachers like their work."], ["Some of them are paid twice as much as the teachers in regular schools.", "Most of them enjoy their work.", "Many of them hope to become TV actors and actresses.", "Few of them come from foreign countries."], ["if his teacher says that his school work is unsatisfactory", "if his work takes him to places like spaceships and riverboats, where there are no classrooms", "if he is working during the winter months(September to June)", "if he is absent from class more than once"]], "questions": ["Which of the following statements expresses one of the main ideas given in this selection?", "What information about TV teachers does this selection provide?", "A child is not permitted to continue in a TV show   _  ."], "article": "Many children act in TV shows. They work several hours every day, so they cannot go to a regular school. How do they get an education?\n    In Hollywood, where many TV shows are made, about forty teachers give lessons for the children in the shows. They teach wherever their pupils are working.\n    They teacher's job is very important. She is responsible for making sure that the child works only the permitted hours each week. She is also responsible for making sure that the child learns the required subjects. She makes sure, too, that the child gets enough rest and play, along with his education.\n    Child actors are required to attend classes twenty hours each week. California law says that they must be taught from September to the middle of June. If they do not get good marks in school, they are not permitted to continue working in TV shows.\n    TV children are usually good pupils, and most of their teachers like this special kind of work. Their classes are held in many interesting places. Sometimes the\"classroom\"is a Mississippi riverboat. Sometimes it is the inside of a spaceship. Often the pupils become famous stars.", "id": "high20223.txt"}