{"answers": ["C", "A", "C"], "options": [["Europeans settling in the Americas.", "People born and living in America.", "American Indians.", "Americans."], ["Agriculture of Native Americans.", "Ancient Indian medictines.", "Native American inventions.", "Indian languages."], ["Americans should keep the ways of Indian ancestors.", "Native Americans are still making contributions to American history.", "The resources offered by nature should be carefully protected.", "Native Americans knew the truths long before Americans do today."]], "questions": ["What does \"Native Americans\" refer to in the passage?", "What influences Americans most according to the passage?", "Which of the following best shows the Indian values?"], "article": "After the coming of Europeans to the Americas, Indians were forced to change their way of life. Yet the influence of Native American culture is still felt throughout the United States.\nMany of the foods commonly eaten in the United States today were first grown by American Indians. Among these foods are corn, white and sweet potatoes, peanuts, pumpkins, tomatoes, and certain beans and berries. Native Americans also discovered ways to use herbs and other plants as medicines.\nNative American inventions, such as canoes, ponchos and parkas ,hammocks and snowshoes are still in use today. Other marks of Indian culture were left in American place names. The state of Alaska, for example, takes its name from a Native American word meaning \"great land\".\nToday nearly 1.5 million Native Americans live in the United States. Some still preserve the ways of their ancestors, speaking Indian languages and keeping alive their legends, art forms, and customs. Other Native Americans keep few of the old ways, but remain proud of their people's contributions to American history.\nAmericans have come to appreciate the beauty of Indian crafts . Many artists find  _ in traditional Indian designs. Many Indian values, too, have become widely held. Americans today believe that the land, air and water are precious resources that must be carefully protected. As one government official wrote recently:\nWe have slowly come back to some of the truths that the Indians knew from the beginning. People need to learn from nature, to keep an ear to the earth, and to refill their spirits in frequent contacts with animals and wild land.", "id": "high20230.txt"}