{"answers": ["A", "D", "A", "D"], "options": [["to show his friendliness to her", "to show his interest in reading", "to tell her about the importance of UN", "to let her write her name and address inside"], ["Pleased.", "Satisfied.", "Worried.", "Surprised."], ["met Emma at a concert", "invited Emma to a concert", "introduced Emma to his friend", "left Emma his backpack"], ["An official of the UN.", "A coffee shop owner.", "A friend of the author's.", "Alex's friend from California."]], "questions": ["Alex lent Emma the book, Markings,  _  .", "How did Emma feel the moment she opened the book?", "We can learn from the text the Californian  _  .", "Who was supposed to be the first owner of the book?"], "article": "My friends, Emma Daniels, spent the summer of 1974 traveling in Israel. During her monthlong stay in Jerusalem she often went to a cafe called Chocolate Soup. It was run by two men, one of whom - Alex - used to live in Montreal. One morning when Emma went in for coffee, while chatting with her new friend Alex, she mentioned that she had just finished the book she was reading and had nothing else to read. Alex said he had a wonderful book she might like, and that he'd be happy to lend it to her. As he lived just above the cafe, he quickly ran up to get it. The book he handed to Emma just minutes later was Markings, a book by a former Secrcetary-General of the United Nations (UN).\nEmma had never read it, nor had she ever bought a copy. But, when she opened it up, she was floored to see her own name and address inside the cover in her own handwriting.It turned out that the summer before, at a concert back in Montreal, Emma had met a Californian who was in town visiting friends. They decided to exchange addresses, but neither of them had any paper. The man opened up a book he was carrying in his backpack and asked Emma to write her name and address inside. When he returned to California, he left the book behind in Montreal, and his friend Alex kept it. When Alex later moved to Jerusalcm, he took the book along.", "id": "high2025.txt"}