{"answers": ["A", "B"], "options": [["his concern for the role parents play in families", "his support for children's independence", "his wonder at the potential of children", "his surprise at parents' stubbornness"], ["Make no judgments about others", "Be the example in your child's life", "Treat others as you want to be treated", "Keep your child from making your mistakes"]], "questions": ["In the passage, the author expresses_.", "Which of the following will be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "Every parent wants their child to grow up to enjoy life and be successful. Each and every one of us has something that we don't want our children to experience as they get older. We protect them hoping they will never experience hurt, yet as they get older they come across their own struggles.\nWe often do everything we can to keep them from making the mistakes that we have made. Your children are not you. They are incredible little beings that choose you to experience life with. They are not little \"mini me's\" that will make the same mistakes we have made or learn the way we learn from our own experiences. They go to school, have experiences that they only tell us about, and understand the experiences through their own thoughts and feelings mixed in with family behavioral patterns. This is where you can make a difference. Be an example.\nTeach your child how to live life by being the person you would want them to be--helping others, loving yourself and making no judgments about other people. As you learn this in your own self and apply it, your child won't need you to speak a word. If little Joannie doesn't want to share with another child, show them how to share. Show by example.\nIf you don't want other to  _ , treat others as you want to be treated because there is a child learning behaviors from you. Be the example of what you want your child to be through your own positive thoughts and feelings. It is the best thing you can do for your child and yourself to ensure your child feel accepted and loved as they get older.", "id": "high20265.txt"}