{"answers": ["B", "B"], "options": [["spend most of his childhood in Paris", "was greatly influenced by Boudin", "chiefly relied on traditional painting skills", "devoted his whole life to painting portraits"], ["They formed an influential artistic school in the 1850s.", "They got the name partly because of a painting of Monet's.", "They are conventional painters.", "They are fond of using dark color1."]], "questions": ["We know from the passage that Monet_.", "Which of the following is TRUE about impressionists?"], "article": "Claude Monet was born on November 14, 1840, in Paris, but he spent most of his childhood in Le Havre, a city of southern France. By the time he was fifteen Monet had become popular as a caricaturist . Through an exhibition of his drawings at a local frame shop in 1858, Monet met the French landscape painter Eugene Louis Boudin, who introduced Monet to outdoor painting, an activity that soon became his life's work.\nBy 1859 Monet had committed himself to a career as an artist and began to spend as much time in Pairs as possible. During the 1860s he met Edouard Manet. With other ambitious French painters, they formed the impressionist school.\nWorking outside, Monet painted simple landscapes and he began to have some success. As his style developed, however, Monet broke one traditional artistic convention after another. His experiments with bright color1 became more and more daring, and he seemed to cut himself off from the possibility of a successful career as a conventional painter supported by the art establishment.\nIn 1874 Monet and his colleagues decided to organize their own exhibition. They called themselves independents, but the press soon labeled them impressionists because one of Monet's paintings had borne the title Impression: Sunrise. Then the name stuck.\nBy the mid-1880s , Monet , generally regarded as the leader of the impressionist school, had achieved significant recognition and financial security. In 1890 he was able to purchase some property in the village of Giverny, not far from Paris, and there be began to construct a water garden--a water lily pond with a Japanese bridge. Beginning in 1906, paintings of the pond and the water lilies occupied his mind for the rest of his life. His famous series Water Lilies, painted between 1990 and 1926, Clearly shows the artist's strong interest in color1 and produces a remarkable visual effect. Despite failing eyesight, Monet continued to paint almost up to the time of his death, on December 5,1926, at Giverny.", "id": "high20264.txt"}