{"answers": ["B", "C"], "options": [["He is an English teacher in an obedience school.", "He is a businessman who runs a school.", "He is a dog-keeper who is learning how to properly care for his dog.", "He is a researcher who is crazy for the bilingual puppies."], ["there are many different kinds of dogs from all over the world in Beijing", "many Beijingers love dogs better than their own sons or daughters, even their husbands or wives", "learning how to treat dogs is a hot business in Beijing now", "so much money has been spent on treating a dog"]], "questions": ["What can we know about Ning Wei from the passage?", "From the passage we can conclude that   _  ."], "article": "If you talk about a dog's life, go to Beijing to see the pampered  dogs. Dogs clipped, dressed up, washed and dried. Here, it's the owners who go to obedience  school, and these people pay almost a thousand US dollars a month to learn how to properly care for their pets. Dogs are hot in Beijing, a symbol of a new middle-class family.\nDogs or pets can take the place of children, even husbands. Qin Lu, 23-year-old dog owner, certainly thinks her dog makes some more loyal partner. She's spending 1,300 yuan, that's almost 200 US dollars a month, sending her dog to the training school. Think about it, almost half her monthly salary as a secretary.\nPersonally, if I have a dog, I want to give it the very best of everything. Otherwise, I wouldn't have a dog.\nBefore we get too sentimental, though, other dogs in China have a far more grisly  fate, many still destined  for the dinner table, dog meat, a popular delicacy . But appetites are changing. What was once for the eating is now for the treating. Beijing alone is home to more than a million dogs. Owners spend an average 25 dollars a month on pets. Do the math. Dogs are big business. Ning Wei who runs this obedience school on the outskirts of Beijing said. \"It has been open for almost three years. There are many dogs. And now we are opening another branch.\"\nAs their owners embrace everything western, so too, are the dogs. Ning Wei's specializing in producing a new breed of bilingual puppies. Yes, dogs that understand Chinese and now English. \"I'm going to do a test now to see if it understands both English and Chinese effectively, if its Chinese is better than my English, and if its English is better than my Chinese.\"", "id": "high20276.txt"}