{"answers": ["D", "B", "C", "A"], "options": [["He was deadly ill.", "His mother killed him.", "He killed himself.", "He drank some medicine by mistake."], ["sad and calm.", "surprised and terrified.", "angry and sad.", "surprised and annoyed."], ["Because his wife did the right thing.", "Because he loved his wife more.", "Because he wanted to comfort her.", "Because he owned his wife an apology."], ["To persuade readers to forgive people.", "To tell us a touching love story.", "To warn the readers to be cautious.", "To call on readers to show love to people."]], "questions": ["Why was the two-year-old boy dead?", "How did the mother probably feel at the boy's death?", "Seeing his dead son, why did the man said \"I Love You Darling\" to his wife?", "What is the purpose of the passage?"], "article": "A boy was born to a couple after eleven years of marriage. They were a loving couple and the boy was the apple of their eyes. When the boy was around two years old, one morning the husband saw a medicine bottle open. He was late for work so he asked the wife to cap the bottle and keep it in the cupboard. The mother, preoccupied in the kitchen, totally forgot the matter.\nThe boy saw the bottle and playfully went to the bottle and, fascinated with its color1, drank it all. It happened to be a poisonous medicine meant for adults in small dosages. When the child collapsed, the mother hurried him to the hospital, where he died. The mother was stunned. She was terrified how to face her husband.\nWhen the distraught father came to the hospital and saw the dead child, he looked at his wife and uttered just four words. \"I Love You Darling\"\nThe husband's totally unexpected reaction is proactive behavior. The child is dead. He can never be brought back to life. There is no point in finding fault with the mother. Besides, if only he have taken time to keep the bottle away, this will not have happened. No point in attaching blame. She had also lost her only child. What she needed at that moment was consolation and sympathy from the husband. That is what he gave her.\nSometimes we spend time asking who to blame, whether in a relationship, in a job or with the people we know. We miss out some warmth in human relationship in giving each other support. After all, shouldn't forgiving someone we love be the easiest thing in the world to do? Treasure what you have. Don't multiply pain, and suffering by holding on to forgiveness.\n     If everyone can look at life with this kind of perspective, there would be much fewer problems in the world.", "id": "high20289.txt"}