{"answers": ["D", "C", "D", "D", "A"], "options": [["It covers an area of about 2,580 square kilometers", "It is the largest park of its kind in the country", "Their population in the park was around 2,000", "There are a lot of Baobab trees in it."], ["On foot", "On horseback", "By car", "By bicycle"], ["A large herd of elephants", "Some lions", "Some zebras", "A leopard"], ["Boring", "Challenging", "Dangerous", "Enjoyable"], ["A dairy entry", "A travel guide", "An advertisement", "A travel agency"]], "questions": ["Which statement is correct about the park?", "How did the writer travel in Tanzania Tarangire?", "What did they see when they stopped with some other cars?", "What does the writer think of his trip in Tanzania Tarangire?", "What may this passage be probably taken from?"], "article": "Tanzania Tarangire is a national Park which lies in Tanzania. The park itself covers an area of around 2,850 square kilometers, making it the sixth largest park of its kind in the country. I recently visited Tarangire to see what it was like....\nOne of the first sightings upon entering the park which I found was a huge herd of elephants.  Our guide told us that Tagrangire was probably the best place in Tanzania to find large herds of elephants, and that their population in the park was around 2,500. We continued to watch the elephants as they stood under trees and scratched themselves against the trees to hit the spot of an itch .\nTo the right of the elephant herd, we noticed a big tree! Our guide informed us that this was a Baobab tree and that they could live for hundreds of years. Compared with this tree, the elephant just looked like dwarfs ! We were informed that Tarangire was one of the best National Parks in Africa to see so many Baobab trees.\nAs we continued our drive through the park, we finally reached a watering hole. Our guide warned us that there were lions all around us. It took us all a while to find them, but there they were! Most of them are resting in the shade under brushes, but there was one that was drinking from the watering hole directly in front of us. We then noticed just to our right, there were a couple of fresh zebra corpses -- it seemed as if the lions which were resting had killed them! We were unlucky not to have seen the actual kill, as our guide had mentioned that the zebra corpses were fresh and the kill had occurred within the last hour.\nOur final big sighting was one that none of us were expecting to see, even our guide! We pulled over to where there was a large gathering of cars, with a sleeping leopard there! We took photos happily and excitedly and observed its surprising body before returning to our hotel as it was getting late.\nSo, I hope you enjoyed my description of Tarangire, and that I have inspired you to add this amazing park to your very own Tanzania travel route.", "id": "high20281.txt"}