{"answers": ["C", "B"], "options": [["When they are not allowed to.", "When they feel tired and sleepy.", "When they stop breathing eventually.", "When they are seriously ill in bed."], ["by driving there in person", "when they are on the tour bus", "from books and magazines", "from their friends and coworkers"]], "questions": ["According to the text, when do the Americans stop rushing about?", "The Americans know the places of battles and monuments   _  ."], "article": "Americans: Restless? Illiterate ?\nAmericans are _ people; they can't rest. They have more time, more leisure, shorter work hours, more holidays, and more vacations than any other people in the world. But they can't rest. They rush up and down across their continent as tourists; they move about in great herds to conventions ; they search the wilderness; they flood the mountains; they keep the hotels full. But they can't rest. The scenery rushes past them. They learn it, but they don't see it. Battles and monuments are announced to them on a tour bus. They hear them, but they don't get them. They never stop moving; they rush up and down as Shriners, Masons, Old Graduates, Bankers--they are a new thing each day, always rushing to a reunion or something. So they go on rushing about till eventually the undertaker  gather them to a last convention.\nAmericans are queer people; they can't read. They have more schools, and better schools and spend more money on schools and colleges than all Europe. But they can't read. They print more books in a year than the French print in ten. But they can't read. They cover their country with one hundred thousand tons of Sunday newspapers every week. But they don't read them. They're too busy. They use them for fires and to make more paper with. They buy eagerly thousands of new novels at two dollars each. But they read only page one. Their streets are full of huge signs. They won't look at them. Their streetcars are filled with advertising;they turn their eyes away. Transparent color1s, cart wheels, and mechanical flares whirl and flicker in the crowded streets at night. No one sees them. Tons of letters pour into the mail boxes, through the houses, and down the garbage cans. No one reads them.", "id": "high20297.txt"}