{"answers": ["C", "B", "D"], "options": [["It offers secondhand electronics for free.", "It will open on January 13, 2011 in Tustin.", "It provides drop-off locations nationwide.", "It has no head quarter in he past two years."], ["All Green won't fire any employees in the coming six months.", "It is hard to remain employed in many companies.", "Valuable employees won't be fired in many companies.", "The residents benefit from All Green, but schools suffer."], ["It provides many new jobs to the residents.", "It donates some percentage of the proceeds.", "It offers a safe way of recycling old electronics.", "It never sends e-waste abroad or put it in landfills."]], "questions": ["Which of the following is true ofAll Green Electronics Recycling?", "What can we know from the passage?", "What's the difference between All Green and its competitors?"], "article": "Founded two years ago, All Green Electronics Recycling is a full-service electronics recycler and collector. It offers pick-up services as well as hundreds of convenient drop-off locations, nationwide. Currently, it collects more than two million pounds of electronics per month. All Green Electronics Recycling announces its new national headquarters' grand opening on January 13, 2011 from 5:30 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. ---- a Green Carpet Event ---- followed by a free, three-day electronics recycling event aimed at giving back to the local community in Orange County. Both are open to the public and are located at: 15561 Del Amo Ave. in Tustin. \n\"We are particularly excited about the promising new job opportunities available for California residents,\" says Arman Sadeghi, CEO, All Green Electronics Recycling. \nAll Green is growing at jaw-dropping rates. While many companies continue to cut back and lay off valuable employees, All Green has hired a new person every 4.1 days since its incorporation and is predicted to hire another 100 employees in the next six months.\nIn addition to new jobs, many local non-profits and schools will also benefit. All Green is creating community partnerships and setting up collection events while donating a percentage of the proceeds from the recycled electronics. \nRather than allowing old televisions or computers to end up at the dump, All Green provides the public with a way of recycling their old working or non-working electronics safely and responsibly for free. In fact, those with at least 10 computers, monitors and televisions can go to:http://www.allgreenrecycling.com to schedule a free pick up in many areas. \nUnlike many of its competitors, the company sorts and separates all e-waste within their warehouse and does not ship anything overseas for processing. It also ensures that any electronics placed in its care will never find its way into a landfill.\nAll Green already has a recycling facility in Sacramento and is set to expand its New York operations within 60 days. \nFor more information: to check out the Electronics Recycling Carbon Footprint Calculator; or to locate a facility in your area, visit: www.allgreenrecycling.com.", "id": "high20290.txt"}