{"answers": ["D", "A", "C", "B"], "options": [["He was a Canadian.", "He is regarded as the symbol of Canadian aviation and aircraft industry.", "He is the first man to finish a figure high in the air.", "He now lives in Baddeck."], ["a plane designed by McCurdy", "a plane bought by McCurdy", "the nickname of a famous Canadian pilot", "the name of a weapon"], ["fly in Canada", "pilot a flying boat", "fly from Key West to Toronto", "fly to Mexico"], ["How McCurdy Became a Famous Canadian Pilot", "McCurdy's Legendary Experience", "McCurdy and the Canadian Aviation", "McCurdy-the Symbol of American Aviation and the Aircraft Industry"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, which of the following statements is NOT true about McCurdy?", "The \"Silver Dart\" is  _  .", "McCurdy is NOT the first one to   _  .", "The best title for this passage is   _  ."], "article": "It isn't often that an entire industry is symbolized in the figure of a single human being, and such is the case with Canadian aviation and the aircraft industry. The man is the Hon. John A. D. McCurdy and the life story of this still vigorous , distinguished Canadian is at once and at the same time the thrilling history of aviation's progress in Canada.\nIt all began one cold February day in 1909 at Baddeck, Nova Scotia, when John McCurdy confounded  the critics by flying the Silver Dart, an aircraft designed by himself, for half a mile over the ice of Brasdeor Lakes. This was the first powered flight in Canada and the first by a British subject in the Commonwealth. McCurdy gave proof of his flying ability and of the development and the use of the aileron by being the first man in the world to carry out a figure  high in the air. He became the first to pilot a flying boat, taking off from Long Island Sound. He flew the first airplane to Mexico. In 1911 he had made the longest flight to date, and that over open sea 90 miles from Key West to Havana. He won the first crosscountry race in Canada 40 miles from Hamilton to Toronto and he transmitted the first radio message from aircraft.\nWhen World WarIIcame, McCurdy took on board supervisory  authority for Canadian aircraft production by serving with the government in various senior positions.\nFollowing World WarII, McCurdy was honored by being made lieutenant governor  of Nova Scotia where he made Canada's first historic flight. He now lives in Montreal with a summer home in Baddeck, site of his first flight.", "id": "high20296.txt"}