{"answers": ["B", "B", "C"], "options": [["to take part in competitions", "to cheer for their favorite teams", "to be quick and strong", "to be good high jumpers"], ["They should be quick and strong.", "They are expected to be dancers and singers.", "They must be in top physical shape.", "They must be able to jump high."], ["Cheerleaders are part of athletic competitions.", ". Why cheerleaders are so important.", "What makes good cheerleaders and how they work.", "Differences between college and high school cheerleaders"]], "questions": ["Whatcheerleaders should do is to lead the crowd   _", "Which of the following sentences is NOT true about cheerleaders?", "What is the main idea of this passage?"], "article": "Cheerleaders arc part of athletic competitions throughout the United States. As their name says they lead the crowd in cheering for the team it likes best. \nAbout five years ago. cheerleaders were considered to be simply entertainers. Today there is much more Cheerleading in America which has become another form of athletic competition. Cheerleaders today are expected to be gymnasts and dancers. They 'are expected to be quick and strong. Many . \ncheerleaders are better athletes than the boys and girls on sports teams. High school cheerleading especially has become more difficult. The students must be in top physical shape. They must be able to jump high, turn circles in the air and lift each other. Teachers say this is the result of the influence of college cheerleaders. High school students watch college football and basketball games on TV. They see how the cheerleaders throw each other into the air and perform difficult athletic movements. They want to do the same thing. There is one big difference between the two groups. however. College cheerleaders in America are young men and women. The men do most of the lifting. At most high schools only girls are cheerleaders. It's very difficult for them to hold others on their shoulders and throw them into the air. There are a number of ways high school cheerleaders are improving their skills. They are exercising and lifting weights to increase their strength. And they are attending camps during the summer holidays to learn new techniques. Cheerleaders test their skills by taking part in competitions against cheerleaders from other schools. just like other athletes. Coaches at some high schools say this new kind of athletic cheer leading has caused some problems . \nThey say girls who were soccer and basketball players are now competing for places on a cheer leading team. As more girls attempt to become cheerleaders, sports teams suffer from a lack of good players.", "id": "high20308.txt"}