{"answers": ["D", "A", "A", "C"], "options": [["people don't like being seen crying", "crying in public makes people feel better", "a bad cry is as common as a good cry", "a good cry can sometimes help us face problems rightly"], ["your breath becomes slow", "you sweat a lot.", "your face turns pale", "you are being watched"], ["People who receive help in course of crying.", "People who fail to understand their emotions.", "People who are anxious and nervous.", "People whose mood is not in order."], ["the types of crying", "the way of crying", "the psychology of crying", "the causes of crying"]], "questions": ["We can infer from the passage that   _  .", "The beneficial effects of crying can be shown when   _  .", "Who will be least likely to feel worse after crying?", "The passage is mainly about   _  ."], "article": "We've all experienced a \"good cry\". Shedding   some tears can often make us feel better and help us put things in perspective. But why is crying beneficial? And is there such a thing as a \"bad cry\"?\nThe researchers analyzed the detailed accounts of more than 3,000 recent crying experiences and found that the benefits of crying depend entirely on the what, where and when of a particular crying episode  . The majority of persons reported improvements in their mood following a short period of crying. However, one third reported no improvement in mood and a tenth felt worse after crying. Criers who received social support during their crying episode were the most likely to report improvements in mood.\nResearch to date has not always produced a clear picture of the benefits of crying, in part because the results often seem to depend on how crying is studied. The researchers note several challenges in accurately studying crying behavior in a laboratory setting. Volunteers who cry in a laboratory setting often do not describe their experiences as making them feel better. Rather, crying in a laboratory setting often results in the study participants feeling worse;  this may be due to the stressful conditions of the study itself, such as being videotaped or watched by researchers. This may produce negative emotions, which neutralize   the positive benefits usually connected with crying.\nHowever, these laboratory studies have provided interesting findings about the physical effects of crying. Criers do show calming effects such as slower breathing, but they also experience a lot of unpleasant stress, including increased heart rate and sweating. What is interesting is that bodily calming usually lasts longer than the unpleasant. The calming effects may occur later and overcome the stress reaction, which would account for why people tend to remember mostly the pleasant side of crying.\nResearch has shown that the effects of crying also depend on who is shedding the tears. For example, individuals with anxiety or mood disorders are least likely to experience the positive effects of crying. In addition, the researchers report that people who lack insight into their emotional lives actually feel worse after crying.", "id": "high20307.txt"}