{"answers": ["D", "C", "C"], "options": [["It describes the product.", "It helps the product designer to express himself.", "It may put the purchaser in a spending mood.", "It is able to influence the consumers' choice of purchase."], ["look pretty", "appear innocent", "be noticed", "be an actress"], ["comfort", "professionalism", "purity", "youth"]], "questions": ["How does color1 affect a product?", "If a girl chooses to wear a red dress to a party, it implies that she wants to   _  .", "Brides wear white because it is a color1 for   _  ."], "article": "Color is very important in our daily life. It can influence our choice of purchase when we go shopping and can also affect the way we look and feel. A person can be naturally attracted to one particular color1 while finding another color1 repulsive. The influence of color1 on human emotions and feelings is very powerful and designers, advertisers, artists and even doctors use  _ in their professions for different purposes.\nEvery day, without even thinking about it, we use color1 to communicate our feelings. For example, the color1 we choose to wear is one way of expressing ourselves. It says something about the person, how he or she feels, and how he or she wants others to feel about the wearer. In other words, color1 talks.\nA person who wants to appear stylish and mature will usually wear dark color1s or black. A person who wishes to appear youngish, pure and innocent dresses in white, like the choice of a bride's wedding gown. Also clothed in white are doctors, dentists, nurses and hospital in-patients as the color1 expresses comfort, cleanliness and professionalism. Brown, blue or grey clothes are the usual color1s worn by office workers so as not to draw unnecessary attention to them. They are, in a way, conveying the message that they want to be noticed for their work, not their appearance. People who wear bright, strong color1s like to be attractive and these color1s are particularly popular with actresses, singers and party goers.\nIn the past, common people were not allowed to wear certain color1s. In Thailand, for example, only kings, queens and members of the royal family could wear purple while in ancient China, yellow was the color1 reserved for the emperor and the empress. Nowadays, people can wear whatever color1 they like or as they think appropriate.", "id": "high20300.txt"}