{"answers": ["C", "B", "D"], "options": [["could draw and paint beautifullly", "was good at math and chemistry", "got two degrees in two different fields", "was a student in a key university"], ["She found it from one office.", "One of her former colleagues found it.", "She found it in a storage room.", "Audrey found it for her."], ["It was painted by her most talented student.", "The painting can be worth a lot of money.", "The art value of the painting is immeasurable .", "The painting encourages her to advance ."]], "questions": ["What made Audrey different from others was that she  _  .", "How did the author regain the painting?", "Why does the author value the painting so much?"], "article": "About twenty years ago I had the pleasure of teaching a disabled young woman. Not only was she good at math and science, but she was also extremely talented in art. She could draw and paint beautifully. When Audrey graduated from university she got two degrees, one in fine arts and one in chemistry. Not too many people do well in two such different areas of study.\n    Just before her high school graduation, Audrey gave me a wonderful gift. It was a watercolor1 painting of a mother and her baby. A tear fell from the mother's eye as she looked lovingly at her child. Beneath the painting Audrey had written these words: \"The deep love from Mother, through me, touches another.\" What a beautiful gift! I had the piece of art framed(...) and hung in my office.\nYears passed with many moves from one office to another and I lost the painting. Last year, after about eight years of not knowing where it was, I received a phone from a former colleague who said she had something of mine. It was the picture Audrey had painted for me 18 years ealier. When cleaning out a storage room she had discovered my gift.\nI was struck that the precious gift came back. I knew Audrey very well. When she was four years old Audrey had a serious disease. What's worse, her father left the house. It was her mother who brought her up with much trouble. She survived the disease but was disabled.\nTo any other it is just a painting, but to me it shows how a mother's love has helped develop a talent and how its power pushes me ahead.", "id": "high20304.txt"}