{"answers": ["D", "B"], "options": [["education", "family", "success in music", "tours abroad"], ["The role of Adam Chandler McCartney played was very popular", "McCartney's solo album Right Here You Want Me was a great success", "Brandin Westerly is a leading character of the TV series Summerland", ".McCartney's brother Timmy is nine younger than him"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is NOT mentioned of Jesse McCartney?", "Which of the following is NOT supported by the passage?"], "article": "Jesse McCartney began entertaining and delighting audiences at a very early age in off-Broadway stage shows including Oliver, A Christmas Carol, and Annie Get Your Gun. At the age of seven, he began a national tour the stage musical show of The King and I. 1998 brought his big chance in television with the role of Adam Chandler, Jr. on All My Children. McCartney stayed with the show for the next three years and won several awards for his role of Chandler. \nIn 1999 he showed great interest in music, when he auditioned  for and won a spot in a boy band called Dream Street. Sales of the group's album  once reached up to 300,000 copies. Shortly after the album  _ , they toured around the USA with Britney Spears before the band broke up in 2002.His first band was called the Sugar Beats, and in 2003 McCartney partnered with their producer Sherry Kondor to launch his solo career. The song Beautiful Soul became the title track for McCartney's first solo album. Following the great success of his album, it took McCartney one and a half year to make his new one, Right Here You Want Me, which, according to McCartney himself, has had more personal experiences and thoughts. \nMcCartney never gave up acting and appeared the films The Pirates of Central Park and The Strange Legacy of Cameron Cruz. In 2004 he successfully played the role of Brandin Westerly on the TV series Summerland. He has also combined music and film, contributing songs to films.\nBorn April 9, 1987, Jesse is the oldest of three children. His parents were actors in New York City. His sister Lea Joyce was born in 1991 and brother Timmy, with whom Jesse is very close, came along in 1996.He graduated from Ardsley High School (New York) in 2005, where he was a junior baseball pitcher . Jesse's best friend is former band mate Greg Raposo.", "id": "high20335.txt"}