{"answers": ["A", "B", "D", "D"], "options": [["Healthy food.", "Bread processing", "Processed food.", "Poisonous  food."], ["They are all useless", "They are all poisonous.", "They are all organic.", "They can kill animals."], ["The basic content remains the same.", "Vitamin is not available after processing.", "The vitamin content increases a bit.", "The vitamin content is greatly reduced."], ["organic variety", "beauty  and taste", "refined contents", "color1 and texture"]], "questions": ["What is the passage mainly about?", "What do all of the additives in bread have in common?", "What happens to food when it is processed? ks5u", "We normally buy food on the basis   _  ."], "article": "Healthy food is a general term applied to all kinds of food that is considered healthier than the types of food sold in supermarkets. For example, whole grains, dried beans, and corn oil are health food. A narrower classification of healthy food is natural food. This term is used to distinguish between types of the same food. Raw honey is a natural sweetener, while refined sugar is not. Fresh fruit is a natural food, but canned fruit, with sugars and other additives  is not. The most exact term of all and the narrowest classification within health food that has been grown on a particular kind of farm. Fruits and vegetable that are grown in gardens, that are treated only with organic fertilizers, that are not sprayed with poisonous insecticides  , and that are not refined after harvest, are organic food. Meat, fish, dairy and poultry products from animals that are fed only on organically-grown food and that are not injected with hormones   are organic food.\nIn choosing the type of food you eat, then, you have basically two choices: inorganic, processed food, or organic, unprocessed food. A wise decision should include study of the reason why processed food contains chemicals, some of which are proved to be poisonous and that vitamin content is greatly reduced in processed food. Bread is typically used by healthy food supporters as an example of a processed food. First, the seeds from which the grain is grown are treated with a chemical that is extremely harmful. Later, the grain is sprayed with a number of very deadly insecticides. After the grain has been made into flour, it is made white with another chemical that is also poisonous. Next, a dough conditioner is added along with a softener. The conditioner and softener are poisonous, and in fact, the softener has sickened and killed experimental animals.\nA very poisonous antifungal compound, is added to keep the bread from getting moldy .\nOther food from the supermarket would show a similar pattern of processing and preserving  . You see, we buy our food on the basis of smell, color1 and texture, instead of vitamin content, and manufacturers give us what we want, even if it is poisonous. The alternative? Eat health foods, preferably the organic variety.", "id": "high20352.txt"}