{"answers": ["D", "D"], "options": [["the most popular products on the Internet", "not yet available on the Internet", "free to download", "information products available on the Internet"], ["the speed the goods are delivered at", "the reasonable price", "the quality of the goods", "the convenience it brings to you"]], "questions": ["On-line news and magazine stories are  _  .", "The best things about Internet shopping is  _  ."], "article": "Internet shopping is a new way of shopping. You no longer need to walk around hundreds of shops looking for the items you need. Nowadays, you can shop for just about anything from your armchair. All you need is a computer which is linked to the Internet. Shopping on the Internet is becoming increasingly popular. In the United States, 50 percent of families have computers at home and almost one third are linked to the Internet. Americans spent over $2.5 billion in Internet shopping in 1998. This figure is expected to reach $11 billion by the year 2004.\nPeople can shop for a variety of products on the Internet.  _ include items such as books, CDs, clothes and food. These types of products are the most common purchases through the Internet. You can also buy information products such as on-line news or magazine stories, or you can download computer software through the Internet. Services such as booking airline tickets, reserving hotels or renting cars are also available on the Internet. You can also go shopping on the Internet for entertainment services and take part in on-line games or E-mail \"chats\".\nTo find something on the Internet, people often use powerful computer tools called \"search engines\". You can search for a type of product, such as sports shoes, or a brand name, such as Nike. The search engine will give you a list of websites where you can find these products. These websites may be specialist shops such as a Nike shop, or they may be general stores, called malls, which sell a variety of goods.\nInternet shopping offers a number of benefits for the shoppers. The most important advantage is convenience. You can shop when you like as the on-line shops are open 24 hours a day, and you do not have to queue with other shoppers at the check-out counters. Secondly, it is easy to find what you are looking for on line. Finally, it is often cheaper to buy goods through the Internet, and you can tell the shop exactly what you want.\nThe main disadvantage of Internet shopping is that you cannot actually see the products you are buying or check their quality. Also, many people enjoy shopping in the city and miss the opportunity to talk to friends. Some people are worried about paying for goods using credit cards, so Internet companies are now finding ways to make on-line payment safe.\nInternet shopping is sure to become more and more popular in the years ahead. It promises to change the way we buy all kinds of things---- from tonight's dinner to a new car.", "id": "high20363.txt"}