{"answers": ["A", "C", "B"], "options": [["1890,", "1892", "1886", "1883"], ["That he was dismissed by Groupil", "His experience in an art dealer's firm", "That a girl refused his love", "His consuming interest in art"], ["Critical", "Favorable", "Objective", "Ironic"]], "questions": ["When did Van Gogh die?", "what made Van Gogh become interested in religion?", "What is the author's attitude towards Van Gogh?"], "article": "V _ , an artist of tremendous energy and prodigious   output. He killed himself when he was only 37, but he left behind him more than 2,000 paintings and drawings, which established his reputation in a way he would never have considered possible.\nVan Gogh was born on March 30, 1853 at Groot Zundert Province of Noord Nrabant in Dutch. He was the son of a clergyman. His first artist impressions were formed as a boy, from his uncle who was an art dealer. The motivation bore early fruit and from the age of 12 the young Vincent was drawing. The interest led to an apprenticeship   in an art dealer's firm, Groupil's, in the Hague. When he was only 20, he was transferred to the firm's London office.\nIn London Van Gogh faced his first major crisis, when he was rejected in love. After that, he turned to religion, expressed disapproval with art-dealing and neglected his work. Groupil transferred him from London to Paris but, when his work was still unsatisfactory, dismissed him in 1876. \nThe young Van Gogh made religion a consuming interest and during the next few years travelled in Britain, Belgium and Holland, trying to establish himself as a preacher, but without success.\nIn 1880, at the age of 27, he found himself drawn back to art. He had a job as an assistant evangelist  in the mining village of Borinage in Belgium but realized an artist drive which was to motivate him unceasingly until his death 10 years later.\nLate in 1881, he moved to the Hague and established a relationship with a woman, Christine Hoornik, with whom he lived for a time. He broke with her in 1883, however, and never again established a significant intimate relationship with a woman.\nIn 1886 Van Gogh left Holland forever and travelled via Antwerp to Paris, and to major changes in artistic style. Van Gogh's work became more youthful in Paris. He \nlived with his brother, Theo, who managed the modern department of an art dealer's. A new, more animated, painting style emerged and the impressionist tendencies of earlier work weakened somewhat.\nVan Gogh developed a taste for personalized brushwork and brilliant, unmixed color1s. Among his most prominent experiments with color1 were a series of some 30 flower paintings, a fascination which stayed with him until his death.", "id": "high20366.txt"}