{"answers": ["C", "B", "A", "B"], "options": [["One", "Two", "Three", "Four"], ["The origin city of San-Francisco is created by Spanish people.", "More Chinese live in San-Francisco than in any other part of the world outside China.", "Alcatraz used to be a prison but now is deserted.", "San-Francisco lies near the blue waters of the Pacific."], ["Union Square--Fisherman's Wharf--the Golden Gate Bridge--Tiberon--prison of Alcatraz--Sanalito.", "Union Square--the Golden Gate Bridge--Tiberon--prison of Alcatraz--Sanalito--\nFisherman's Wharf.", "Union Square--Fisherman's Wharf--the Golden Gate Bridge--Tiberon--Chelsea--\nGreenwich Village.", "Union Square--the Golden Gate Bridge--Tiberon--Chelsea--Greenwich Village--\nFisherman's Wharf."], ["San-Francisco -- a prosperous city after the earthquake.", "San-Francisco -- a charming travel city of America.", "San-Francisco -- a city to open her Golden Gate.", "San-Francisco -- a harbor stretching over steep hills"]], "questions": ["How many means of transportation are suggested in the passage?", "Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?", "Which is the right order of the travel route given in the passage?", "Which of the following can be the best title?"], "article": "\"San Francisco, open your Golden Gate,\" sang the girl in the theatre. She never finished her song. The date was 18th, 1906.\nThe earth shook and the roof suddenly divided, buildings crashed to the ground and people rushed out into the streets. The dreadful earthquake destroyed the city that had grown up when men discovered gold in the deserts of California. But today the streets of San-Francisco stretch over more than 40 steep hills, rising like huge cliffs above the blue waters of the Pacific Ocean.\nThe best way to see this splendid city, where Spanish were the first to make their homes, is to take one of the old cable cars which run along the nine main avenues. Fares are cheap; they have not risen for almost a hundred years.\nYou leave the palm trees in Union Square -- the heart of San-Francisco and from the shop signs and the faces around you, you will notice that in the city live people from many nations -- Austrians, Italians, Chinese, and others, giving every part of the city a special character. More Chinese live in China Town than in any other part of the world outside China. Here, with Chinese restaurants, Chinese post-boxes, and even odd telephone-boxes that look like pagoda , it is easy to feel you are in China itself.\nFisherman's Wharf, a place all foreigners want to see, is the end of the ride. You get out, and then set out to find a table in one of gay little restaurants beside the harbor. As you enjoy the fresh Pacific sea food, you can admire the bright red paint of the Golden Gate Bridge in the harbor and watch the traffic crossing beneath the tall towers on its way to the pretty village of Tiberon. When you finish your meal, you may decide to take a boat-trip around the bay to look at the sights. You can stare at the famous, now empty, prison of Alcatraz. Then why not go to the fishing village of Sansalito -- a little like London's Chelsea or New York's Greenwich Village--to see people painting and to look at their pictures. You will be able to enjoy a view of the city from the sea and take pleasure in the soft red and blue Spanish-type houses shining in the bright Pacific light. If you have time you might like to go by bus to Carmel, a hundred miles south of San-Francisco, where you will discover a wild and wonderful coast with high cliffs.", "id": "high20368.txt"}