{"answers": ["C", "A", "C", "D", "B"], "options": [["how parents should make a child a musician", "how parents should bring up a child", "what differences there are between two kinds of parents", "what aim of a child can be much easier to reach"], ["his parents help him in a sensible way", "his family is rich enough to have a car", "his father is a musician in an orchestra", "he is free to do anything that he likes best"], ["he has to do his best to do everything", "he has made greater progress in music", "he is afraid he may disappoint them", "he often wants to kill himself some day"], ["they want their child to be a musician", "they help their child to win music competitions", "they don't care for their child's education much", "they make their child try to achieve too much"], ["it is unimportant to let the children develop in the way they want", "parents should be supportive of their children", "all sensible parents can train their children to succeed in everything", "unrealistic parents should arrange private lessons for their children"]], "questions": ["The main idea of the passage is   _  .", "Michael is lucky because   _  .", "Winston's parents set so high a standard for him that   _  .", "It is one of parents' worst mistakes if   _  .", "According to the author's opinion,   _  ."], "article": "If parents bring up child with the aim of turning the child into a genius , they will cause great damage to him. According to several leading educational psychologists , this is one of the biggest mistakes which some parents make. Generally, the child will understand very well what the parent expects, and will fail. Unrealistic  parental expectations can cause great damage to children.\nHowever, if parents are not unrealistic about what they expect their children to do, but are hopeful in a sensible   way, the child may succeed in doing very well -- especially if the parents are very supportive (,) of their child.\nMichael Li is very lucky. He is very fond of music, and his parents help him a lot by taking him to concerts and arranging private piano and violin lessons for him. They even drive him 50 kilometres twice a week for violin lessons. Although Michael's mother knows very little about music, Michael's father plays the trumpet   in a large orchestra  . However, he never makes Michael enter music competitions if he is unwilling.\nMichael's friend, Winston Chen, however, is not so lucky. Although both his parents are successful musicians, they set too high a standard for Winston. They want their son to be as successful as they are and so they enter him in every piano competition held. They are very unhappy when he does not win. \"When I was your age, I used to win every competition I entered.\" Winston's father tells him. Winston is always afraid that he will disappoint his parents and now he always seems quiet and unhappy.", "id": "high20374.txt"}