{"answers": ["D", "D", "C"], "options": [["By choosing big websites.", "By collecting shopping evidence.", "By seeking advice from the police.", "By using only trusted websites."], ["online shopping is a safe way to make purchases", "customers are never satisfied with products", "online shopping has nothing to do with global warming", "delivery delay often makes online shoppers unhappy"], ["It is very popular.", "It is a wise choice.", "It is a double-edged sword .", "It is a waste of time."]], "questions": ["How can online shoppers avoid fraud?", "The author agrees with the fact that  _  .", "What is the author's attitude towards online shopping?"], "article": "Tired of all the pushing in supermarkets? Fed up with waiting in endless lines to pay for what you have bought? Angry at wasting time in traffic jams only to find no parking spaces when you eventually arrive at the store? If this is you, then online shopping is the answer to your dreams of trouble-free shopping.\nOnline shopping brings its own challenges. Here are a few things to bear in mind whenbrowsing  various websites. Theclaim  made by online sites is that shopping online is a safe and secure way to make purchases. The evidence challenges this. In any case, you only have to be thevictim  offraud  once to experience all the problems that come with this form of stealing. Use only sites that have a trusted history and an excellent reputation .\nAnother problem is that the appearance of items in reality is often quite different from what you see on your computer screen. This might not be a problem if you are buying washing up powder but could be a major disappointment when that beautiful blue dress you ordered turns up in green. Also, product descriptions are sometimes simply untrue! Perhaps the wisest plan is to purchase items whose design and color are not essential to customer satisfaction.\nSome even argue that online shopping indirectly contributes to global warming. Yes, your car can stay parked but how are online goods delivered? Often by some large van pouring out carbon monoxide and adding to our already desperate traffic problems. You are also by now becoming increasinglyirritated  by the fact that the delivery is late !\nWithout question, online shopping is here to stay and it has its benefits. However, perhaps it is not as wonderful as some of its supporters claim it to be.", "id": "high2038.txt"}