{"answers": ["A", "A", "B", "A", "D"], "options": [["To introduce a website which can help kids with their homework.", "To advertise an excellent education publisher.", "To promote learning materials to students.", "To recommend a new online game to kids. ww"], ["an online study tool", "a computer game", "a video destination", "a fun multimedia"], ["has nothing to do with school teaching activities", "aims to help kids make rapid progress in their studies.", "assures parents they can teach their kids at home", "is a great challenge to American schools"], ["making them interesting and appealing", "making its content's safe", "making its knowledge accurate", "keeping its academic level"], ["Online education is successful in the US.", "American kids have a tendency to study at home.", "COSMEO has been popular with American families.", "COSMEO helps kids to learn in an effective way."]], "questions": ["What's the purpose of the passage?", "In the passage the author best describes COSMEO as  _  .", "We can learn from the passage the COSMEO  _  .", "COSMEO pays much attention to   _   when engineering the video learning materials.", "Which of the following statements is true?"], "article": "Designed specifically for kids that live online, Discovery announced a new fun and interactive homework tool that uses the power of broadband and media to help achieve academic breakthroughs at home. It's COSMEO.\nWith a click of a mouse, kids have instant access to the only online video destination for homework help, report research and learning games. COSMEO boasts   more than 30,000 video clips   from the top educational publishers and producers in the world, including Discovery. COSMEO also has 15,000 interactive quizzes and 200 subject-related Brain Games---making homework fun!\nAnd most importantly-----all the content is aligned   by state curriculum standards and grade level----- COSMEO gives kids the tools they need to succeed and gives parents the reassurance that the content is not only safe, but powerfully engineered to help their kids with academic breakthroughs.\nCOSMEO is built on the proven success of Discovery's in-school video streaming resource, which is available in 70,000 schools and reaches 30 million students in the United States. Students who were exposed to their service in the classroom have been scientifically proven to perform 12 to 15 percent better than those who were not. Now kids can access this proven content in their homes, and COSMEO presents the information in a way that is kid-friendly, interactive, appealing and fun.\nCOSMEO is structured for use by multiple children in the same family. Parents simply select the grade level of the user for access to age-appropriate learning materials. COSMEO can help a third-grader with multiplication tables and an older student with algebra equations . COSMEO uses a multimedia, multi- sensory environment to let kids learn in the way they learn best----- in formats they know, use and, most importantly, enjoy! [", "id": "high20388.txt"}