{"answers": ["A", "B"], "options": [["The friendship there and having to stay in school.", "The feeling of living in a big family.", "Sleeping habits formed in school.", "The need to share rooms with others."], [".don't like the life there", "get better academic results", "have to obey stricter rules", "are under much more pressure"]], "questions": ["According to the author, what makes a boarding school life so different?", "Compared with students in a mixed boarding school, most teenagers in a single sex one   _  ."], "article": "What makes a boarding school  different from a normal school? The answer is simple: when in a boarding school you stay there instead of going home. This is something everyone knows. But what not everyone knows is that when you are in a boarding school, you make a lot of friends. You live together with your friends for a few years, which makes the friendship even more _ .\nYou are a lot closer to your teachers and other workers in your school. It most feels like you are in one big happy family. If boarding students have any problems, they can always go to one of the teachers or one of the workers, and they will be glad to be able to help.\nLife in a girl boarding school or a boy boarding school differs a lot from life in a mixed one. Studies have shown that the social life and academic  results from students in a single sex boarding school are much better than those of a mixed one. One of the reasons for this is that with less pressure in the classes, the children can concentrate  much better when they are in separated classes.\nLife in boarding schools for troubled teens differs from that of all the other boarding schools. Life in these schools is often much stricter because of the rules the students have to obey. These schools have strict rules to teach troubled teens respect.\nAlthough some boarding schools have some different rules and different ways of teaching, life in schools is almost the same. Students attend classes, eat together, and sleep in dorms where they normally have to share their room with some other students. Attending a boarding school is a great experience and the values you learn there will help you in the rest of your life.", "id": "high20398.txt"}