{"answers": ["B", "A", "D"], "options": [["They are deaf to noises.", "Noises at a certain level may hurt them.", "They are easily confused by noises.", "Noises will limit their ability to reproduce."], ["protect whales from noises", "benefit them a lot in their research work", "do good to their health", "increase industrial output"], ["Count the number of sea animals.", "Stop their research on the ocean.", "Study the effect of different noises.", "Protect sea creatures from harmful noises."]], "questions": ["As to  the effects of noises on whales, which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage?", "Many researchers think that the noise limit of 120 decibels would  _  .", "What will scientists most probably do in the future?"], "article": "Some scientists say that animals in the ocean are increasingly threatened by noise pollution caused by human beings. The noise that affects sea creatures comes from a number of human activities. It is caused mainly by industrial underwater explosions, ocean drilling, and ship engines. Such noises are added to natural sounds. These sounds include the breaking of ice fields, underwater earthquakes, and sounds made by animals themselves.\nDecibels  measured in water are different from those measured on land. A noise of 120 decibels on land causes pain to human ears. In water, a decible level of 195 would have the same effect.\nSome scientists have suggested setting a noise limit of 120 decibles in oceans. They have observed that noises above that level can frighten and confuse whales.\nA team of American and Canadian scientists discovered that loud noises could seriously injure some animals. The research team found that powerful underwater explosions were causing whales in the area to lose their hearing, which seriously affected the whales' ability to exchange information and find their way. Some of the whales even died. The explosions had caused their ears to bleed and become infected .\nMany researches whose work depends on ocean sounds disagree with a limit of 120 decibels. They say such a limit would mean an end to important industrial and scientific research.\nScientists do not know how many and what kinds of noises are harmful to ocean animals. However, many scientists suspect that noise is a greater danger than they previously believed. They want to prevent noises from harming creatures in the ocean.", "id": "high2039.txt"}