{"answers": ["B", "B", "D"], "options": [["easily lose their temper", "lack self-confidence", "follow their own paths", "tend to shout at people"], ["teens will always be what their parents expect them to", "parents' behavior influences their children both physically and mentally", "the guidance and influence of parents are the only factor in molding teens", "parents should be our captains when we teens are on boats in a storm"], ["teens", "teachers", "students", "parents"]], "questions": ["If parents are worried about the studies of their children, their children will  _  .", "We can conclude from the passage that  _  .", "The passage is intended mainly for  _  ."], "article": "From James Dean to Growing Pains, Hollywood has long had a love affair with the relationship between teens and their parents. As the fascination with this relationship attests, parents play a crucial role in the development of their children's personalities.\n    Teenagers learn by closely observing what people around them do. Parents are literally their first teachers and serve as role models. From hygiene to habits, from time management to personal manner, parents form the foundation of their children's characteristics. These tiny individual factors on our everyday behavior collectively constitute who we are.\n    A second influence occurs at the spiritual level. Parental treatment of children is reflected in children's relationship with others. For example, my dad was quite angry with my study habits a few years back and lost his temper.I clearly remember that I too would easily lose my cool and shout at people, often saying things I later regretted, in those difficult days.\n    Parents of my fellow classmates often tend to be anxious about the studies of their children, which can lead to a lack of confidence in their children. If we are boats weathering a storm as we navigate toward maturity, then parents should be our captains. It is as easy to lead us to shipwreck as is to take us ashore safely.\n    To be fair, the guidance and influence of our parents are not the sole factors in molding us. There are numerous examples of teens forging their own paths and becoming something of which their parents never dreamed. Even so, parents must be a fundamental force that positively influences their children. At their best, they can help to solve teenage problems with a respect for their children's thoughts.", "id": "high20418.txt"}