{"answers": ["B", "C", "D"], "options": [["his stories are very boring", "the stories are long and the language is out of date", "they are hard to understand", "his television dramas are more attractive"], ["The television dramas are more often used in class for English students than the books.", "The television dramas are better known than the books.", "The television dramas are more exciting than the books.", "There is far more kissing in the books than there are in the television dramas."], ["the popularity of Dickens' books makes them suited to television", "Dickens often ended his stories at an exciting moment", "Dickens' books are often made up of fifteen chapters", "Dickens' stories were originally intended for newspaper readers"]], "questions": ["Dickens' books are not often read because   _  .", "Which of the following shows the differences between Dickens' books and television dramas?", "We can learn from the TV critics that   _  ."], "article": "The famous English writer, Charles Dickens, is on every British child's school reading list. Though Dickens is one of England's greatest writers, he is not often read. Most people do not read his books because they think they are too long and the language he uses is old-fashioned  . Television, however, has rescued this great English writer from disappearing in the modern age.\nIn the UK for several years, Dickens' novels have been turned into exciting television dramas. His latest book to be filmed is his little known story Little Dorrit. Before the story became a 15-part television drama most Britons were unaware   that Dickens had ever written it.\nMost of the Dickens television dramas are so well filmed that English students are likely to watch them in class while studying his book. There are, however, some differences between the books and television dramas. The television dramas often give more time to the exciting parts of Dickens' books. For example, there is far more kissing scenes in the television shows than there are in the books.\nSome television dramas have also slightly changed Dickens' female characters to make them more acceptable to a modern audience  . In Dickens' books his females are often weak and emotional. The TV dramas, however, show them as being fairly independent-minded.\nSeveral TV critics   have argued that Dickens' stories are actually better suited to television than they are being read as books. Their reasoning is that Dickens wrote his stories for newspapers. A chapter   would appear in the newspaper each week so Dickens ended each chapter at an exciting moment. People then would buy the newspaper the following week to find out what happened later. This makes his stories perfect for being shown on television as 15-part programs.", "id": "high20444.txt"}