{"answers": ["C", "B", "D"], "options": [["fairy tales", "non-fiction", "funny books", "traditional literature"], ["The Snow Queen", "The Gruffalo", "Little Red Riding Hood", "Cinderella"], ["There Are Six Kinds of Children's Books.", "Some Writers Are Well-known in the World.", "Many Films Are Based on Children's Books.", "Children's Books and Literature Are Very Popular."]], "questions": ["Before going to sleep children like to enjoy   _  .", "All the following books are fairy tales EXCEPT   _  .", "Which of the following would be the best title for this passage?"], "article": "Children's books or children's literature is very hard to define and categorize, because there is no set genre  for children to enjoy. All in all they can be categorized into six major classes, namely early childhood picture books, traditional literature, fiction, non-fiction, biography and poetry.\n   Children have unique taste and interest. Although Harry Potter may be an all-time favourite for children all over the globe, they prefer funny books to fairy tales when it comes to bedtime. The top three favourite books in bedtime stories are The Gruffalo by Julia Donaldson and Axel Scheffler, The Very Hungry Caterpillar by Eric Carle and The BFG by Roald Dahl.\n   There are many writers who popularized the children's literature or children's Books through their brilliant works. John Amos Comenius, the author of Orbis Pictus which is considered to be the first picture book specifically for children. Charles Perrault is believed to be the one who laid the foundations of the fairy tales. Perrault's stories include Little Red Riding Hood, Cinderella, Sleeping Beauty and so on. Hans Christian Anderson is best known for his fairy tales, such as The Snow Queen, The Little Mermaid, and The Emperor's New Clothes.\nMany Children's Books have been made into feature films and are equally successful in this medium. Like Alice in Wonderland, the BFG series and the Harry Porter series. These series collected a huge amount of money when released worldwide in cinema halls. All these movies based on popular children's books are not only popular among children but also popular among adult audiences. \nChildren's books are in demand all over the world and more writers and authors are coming up with some new books. The potential market is immense   because children are more into reading in this era than previous and they are enjoying it to the fullest.", "id": "high20446.txt"}