{"answers": ["B", "C"], "options": [["San Francisco Bay Area", "Yosemite National Park", "Los Angeles", "Napa Valley"], ["Napa Valley will bring us a wonderful shopping and dining experience.", "San Francisco Bay Area is California's most popular wine growing region.", "Los Angeles allows us to visit the Disneyland and enjoy almost everything.", "In Yosemite National Park, we can see the Yosemite Falls, Golden Gate Bridge"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, if you want to breathe the fresh air, you'll go to   _  .", "Which of the following is true according to the passage?"], "article": "Explore the State of California\nCalifornia is one of the most interesting states of America that offers a lot of wonderful sceneries and fun attractions. It is also the most populated state and the third largest in land area. Anyone who has been to California would agree that it is indeed a place that offers a lot to tourists of all ages. Here are some top picks of the best places to visit in California State.\nSan Francisco Bay Area - Witness the famous San Francisco Golden Gate Bridge which is one of the city's landmarks; and enjoy the beauty of Fisherman's Wharf that offers a lot of seafood restaurants. You should not miss the city's world-famous Cable Car System which is by far the only manually operated cable car system in the whole world.\nYosemite National Park - This is one of the very first wilderness parks in the whole of America. It is known for its natural beauty and breathtaking sceneries. It offers a breath of fresh air away from the city life. Major places to visit include the Yosemite Falls, Sentinel Dome, El Capitan, Mariposa Grove and Glacier Point among many others.\nLos Angeles - Explore the home of the L.A. Lakers and do not fail to visit the Disneyland which is one of the major attractions of the city. The warm weather in Los Angeles makes it possible to do a lot of outdoor activities especially during the summer months. It is a family-friendly place that offers a wonderful shopping and dining experience. For those who particularly love the city and night life, L.A. can offer the best of almost everything.\nNapa Valley - With over a million visitors every year, Napa Valley is indeed a place you should not miss if you are in California. It is California's most popular wine growing  _ . You can also experience the Wine Train and hot air balloon ride over the valley.", "id": "high20451.txt"}