{"answers": ["C"], "options": [["The author was once asked how to be healthy and wealthy by two people.", "The author came to realize why people responded differently to happiness.", "Those who think the glass is always half empty are optimistic.", "Those who feel the glass is always half full are pessimistic."]], "questions": ["According to the passage, which of the following is true?"], "article": "During my many contacts with people in China, I have been asked by two different people what I would recommend to them so that they could be happy. One of these people was my student and friend who began her question by saying I always appeared happy to her. She then asked how I could be this way and if I could teach her how to be happy all the time. The other inquiry was basically the same and came from the secretary of a company for which I was doing some work.\nThe first one to ask was my student and in thinking about an answer I even explored in class the idea of optimism and pessimism, of people who feel the glass is always half full and those who think it is half empty. It was easy to show that different people react differently to the same situations and conditions but that didn't bring me much closer to understanding why.\nAbout two months later I was riding to the airport in a taxi with the company secretary who asked me the same question and it made me think. Why did both these ladies feel they needed help to become happy? Indeed, why did either of them think they were not happy? Why did they choose to ask this question of me? Why are some people generally happy while others are not?\nCertainly if someone is healthy, it might be expected that they are happy, and this is probably true. However, some people have money and health but have a miserable  _ that makes it difficult for them to have friends and meaningful relationships. Similarly, one would expect those who have little to complain about their fate and many do, but others are able to enjoy what they have and enjoy life. It seems the difference must lie within the people. What we may be looking at is acceptance of a personal set of circumstances and the contentment which flows from that. _ should not mean, however, that those people cannot wish for something better.\nIf the difference between people who are happy and those who are not lies within the people themselves, can happiness be learned? I think there are things we can do, such as dreaming of the future, which can give us the sort of positive outlook which will generally make us happy people.", "id": "high20458.txt"}