{"answers": ["A", "D"], "options": [["he was busy looking for her", "he had to look after his wife", "he was not strict in his job", "he no longer enjoyed working there"], ["In fact Jennifer's mother had been sick for days.", "As Jennifer walked towards home, she became increasingly scared.", "When she found the garden deserted, she realized she got cross.", "Having experienced a lot outside, Jennifer felt home was really warm and safe for her."]], "questions": ["Her father didn't take care of the garden because   _  .", "What can we conclude from this passage?"], "article": "A gentle breeze blew through Jennifer's hair. The golden red sun was setting. She was on the beach, looking up at the fiery   ball. She was amazed by its color1, deep red in the middle, softly fading into yellow. She could hear nothing but the waves and the seagulls flying up above in the sky.\nThe atmosphere relaxed her. After all she had been through, this was what she needed. \"It's getting late,\" she thought, \"I must go home. My parents will be wondering where I am.\"\nShe wondered how her parents would react, when she got home after the three days she was missing. She kept on walking, directing herself where she spent every summer holiday. The road was deserted. She walked slowly and silently. Just in a few hundred meters she would have been safe in her house.\nIt was really getting dark now. The sun had set a few minutes before and it was getting cold, too. She wished she had her favorite sweater on-- it kept her really warm. She imagined having it with her. This thoughtdisappeared when she finally saw her front door. It seemed different. Nobody had taken care of the outside garden for a few days. She was shocked: her father was usually so strict about keeping everything clean and tidy, and now... It all seemed deserted. She couldn't understand what was going on.\nShe entered the house. First, she went into the kitchen where she saw a note written by her father. It said, \" Ellen, there is some coffee ready. I went looking.\" Ellen was her mother but -- where was she? On the right side of the hallway was her parents' room. She went in. Then she saw her. Her mother, lying on the bed, was sleeping. Her face looked so tired, as if she hadn't slept for days. She was really pale. Jennifer would have wanted to wake her up but she looked too tired. So Jennifer just fell asleep beside her. When Jennifer woke up, something was different... she wasn't in her mother's room and she wasn't wearing the old clothes she ran away in. She was in her  _ bed in her pajamas .\nIt felt so good being back home. Suddenly she heard a voice, \"Are you feeling better now, ? You know you got us very, very scared.\"", "id": "high20461.txt"}