{"answers": ["C", "C", "B", "D"], "options": [["just know work but nothing else", "are willing to work hard for long hours without pay", "find their work provide them more satisfaction and self confidence than how much they \nare paid", "has the work with more responsibility than others"], ["they are in the need of financial security", "they would rather work than be disturbed by domestic affairs", "they long for a sense of identity and being accomplished", "they may have health problems from sheer boredom"], ["workaholics are usually successful people, but their lives are in a mess", "workaholism can lead to serious problems but it can also create a joyful life", "people who are absorbed in their work may enjoy movies, sports and other kinds of \nentertainment", "those who work even under difficult conditions may be very happy"], ["in the eyes of all the common people workaholics are peculiar", "to workaholics, work is the sole source of happiness", "a piece of challenging work may provide the workaholics a sense of satisfaction", "workaholics are as addicted to their job as other people are to drugs or alcohol"]], "questions": ["The passage indicates that workaholics  _  .", "One of the reasons that some people are not willing to quit their jobs even in their eighties and nineties is that  _  .", "This passage is mainly about  _  .", "It can be inferred from the passage that"], "article": "In some urban centers, workaholism is so common that people do not consider it unusual. They accept the lifestyle as normal. Government workers in Washington D. C, for example, frequently work sixty to seventy hours a week. They don't do this because they have to; they do it because they want to.\nWorkaholicm can be a serious problem. Because true workaholics would rather work than do anything else, they probably don't know how to relax.\nIs workaholism always dangerous? Perhaps not. There are, certainly, people who work well under stress. Some studies show that many workaholics have great energy and interest in life. Their work is so pleasurable that they are actually very happy. For most workaholics, work and entertainment keep them busy and creative.\n     Why do workaholics enjoy their jobs so much? There are several advantages to work. Of course, it provides people with paychecks, and this is important. But it offers more than financial security. It provides people with self confidence; they have a feeling of satisfaction when they're finishing a challenging piece of work and are able to say, \"I made that.\" Psychologists claim that work gives people an identity through participation in work, they get a sense of self and individualism. In addition, most jobs provide people with a socially acceptable way to meet others. Perhaps some people are compulsive about their work, but their addiction seems to be a safe--even an advantageous-one.", "id": "high20471.txt"}