{"answers": ["B", "C", "C"], "options": [["ease his heart condition", "keep himself occupied and happy", "earn money to pay for treatment", "realize his childhood dream"], ["He helped her practice walking.", "He painted special pictures for her.", "He showed her she could still do things.", "He visited her and made a toy for her."], ["it's better to give than to receive", "volunteering is a worthwhile thing to do", "love can sometimes bring great results", "a sick person should not focus on his disease"]], "questions": ["The author's father worked at the local hospital to   _  .", "How did the author's father help the paralyzed little girl?", "The article mainly conveys the message that   _  ."], "article": "Many years ago, my dad was diagnosed   with a serious heart condition. He was unable to work a steady job. He would be fine for a while, but would then fall suddenly ill and have to be admitted to the hospital.\nHe wanted to do something to keep himself busy, so he decided to volunteer at the local children's hospital. My dad loved kids. It was the perfect job for him. He ended up working with the seriously ill children. He would talk, play, and do arts with them. \nOne of his kids was a girl with a rare disease that paralyzed   her from the neck down. She couldn't do anything, and she was very depressed. My dad decided to try to help her. He started visiting her in her room, bringing paints, brushes and paper. He stood the paper up, put the paintbrush in his mouth and began to paint. He didn't use his hands at all. All the while he would tell her, \"See, you can do anything you set your mind to.\" \nAt the end of the day, she began to paint using her mouth, and she and my dad became friends. Soon after, the little girl was sent home because the doctors felt there was nothing else they could do for her. My dad also left the children's hospital for a little while because he became ill. Some time later after my dad had recovered and returned to work, in came the little girl who had been paralyzed, but this time she was walking. She ran straight over to my dad and hugged him really tight. She gave him a picture she had done using her hands. At the bottom it read: \"Thank you for helping me walk.\" \nMy dad would cry every time he told us this story and so would we. He would say sometimes love is more powerful than doctors, and my dad - who died just a few months after the little girl gave him the picture - loved every single child in that hospital.", "id": "high20478.txt"}