{"answers": ["C", "B"], "options": [["his high school life", "his university life", "his bittersweet memories", "his graduation ceremony"], ["he could go to college", "he could be independent", "he was tired of high school life", "he won a scholarship to university"]], "questions": ["The author writes the passage mainly to tell us  _  .", "The author felt excited about graduation because  _  ."], "article": "High school graduation -- the bittersweet feelings are as much a part of me now as they were twenty-one years ago.\n    As graduation day came near, excitement increased. Being out of high school meant I finally grew up. Soon I would be on my own, making my own decisions, doing what I was interested in without someone looking over my shoulder  .\n    There was never any question in my mind that I would go to college. But which college I would attend seemed like a never-ending list of unknowns: What would college be like?  Would I make friends easily? Would I miss my family so much that I wouldn't be able to stand it? What if the college I selected turned out to be a terrible mistake?\n    Then panic set in.  My feelings took a 180-degree mm. I really didn't want to leave high school at all. It had been nice being respected as a Senior by the underclass students for the past year; I didn't enjoy the idea of being on the bottom of the ladder again.\n    Despite months of expectation, nothing Could have prepared me for the impact of the actual day. As the familiar tune of \"Pomp and Circumstance\" echoed   in the background, tears welled up uncontrollably in my eyes, and I was consumed by a rush of sadness. I rose from my seat when I heard my name called and slowly crossed the stage to receive my diploma. As I reached out my hand, I knew that I was reaching not just for a piece of paper but for a new life. Exciting as the future of a new life seemed, it wasn't easy to say goodbye to the old  _ -- the familiar faces, the' familiar routine. I would even miss that chemistry class I wasn't particularly fond of.\n    That September, I was lucky to attend a wonderful university. I needn't have worried about liking it. My years there turned out to be some of the best years of my life. And as for friends, some of the friendships I formed there I still value today.", "id": "high20470.txt"}