{"answers": ["C", "D", "C", "A"], "options": [["compare different views on beauty between women and men", "tell us that standards of female beauty are very high", "explain why women are more critical of their appearance than men", "show us that women pay more attention to their appearance than men"], ["People pay more attention to their appearance than men's.", "The criterion (;) used to judge women's beauty is more critical and less changeable.", "Idealized images of female beauty are constantly shown in different media.", "Women tend to pursue perfection by nature."], ["Few men will feel pleased when they are looking themselves in the mirror.", "Men looking in the mirror usually ignore the flaws in their appearance.", "It is likely that men will consider themselves more attractive than they really are.", "Men don't care about their body image."], ["85 pounds", "101 pounds", "90 pounds", "135 pounds"]], "questions": ["The passage is mainly to   _  .", "Which of the following is NOT the reason why women are more critical of their appearance?", "Which statement is true about men?", "Nowadays, if an average woman weighs 110 pounds, then a physically perfect woman should weigh about   _  ."], "article": "Women, as all research suggests, are far more critical of their appearance than men. Most of them are likely to feel dissatisfied with their reflection in the mirror.\nIt is quite possible that men looking in the mirror are either pleased with what they see or indifferent. Research shows that men generally have a much more positive body-image than women---if anything, they may tend to over-estimate their attractiveness. Some men looking in the mirror may literally not see the flaws in their appearance.\nWhy are women so much more self-critical than men? Because women are judged more on their appearance than men, and standards of female beauty are considerably higher and more inflexible. Women are continually bombarded   with images of the \"ideal\" face. And constant exposure to idealized images of female beauty on TV, magazines and billboards makes exceptional good looks seem normal and anything short of perfection seem abnormal and ugly.  It has been estimated that young women now see more images of outstandingly beautiful women in one day than our mothers saw throughout their entire adolescence.\nAlso, most women trying to achieve the impossible standards of female beauty have in fact become progressively more unrealistic during the last century. In 1917, the physically perfect woman was about 5 feet 4 inches tall and weighed nearly 10 stone. Even 25 years ago, top models and beauty queens weighed only 8% less than the average women, now they weigh 23% less. The current media ideal for women is achievable by less than 5% of the female population---and that's just in terms of weight and size. If you want the ideal shape, face etc., it's probably more like 1%.", "id": "high2048.txt"}