{"answers": ["C", "B", "D", "B", "B"], "options": [["Go to the doctor's.", "Be absent from work.", "Keep silent about it.", "Accept medical treatment."], ["They are so serious and never smile.", "They keep silent about their discomfort.", "They go to hospital for slight   illness.", "They are not actually hurting."], ["Ignore it by sneezing it away.", "Slow down for some good rest.", "Turn to the doctor's for medication  .", "Take vitamin pills and drink much water."], ["He is shocked.", "He can't tell which one is better.", "He is for the American attitude.", "He thinks he needs to do a research on it."], ["See the Doctor or Let it Be?", "Got a Cold --- The Attitude Can be Very Different", "Tina and Wesley --- Two Different Attitudes", "Sharing --- A Good Way to Recovery"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, which of the following might a Chinese not do when he's ill?", "Why do American nurses find it difficult to care for Asian patients?", "What is an American way to deal with a cold?", "How does the writer feel about the different attitudes toward health?", "Which of the following serves as the best title?"], "article": "One morning, Tina and Wesley both wake up with sore throats and stuffy noses. They have the same symptoms, but they react very differently. While Tina reaches for water and vitamins, her husband, Wesley, reached for the phone. \"I'd better make a doctor's appointment,\" he says.\nWhy do these two Chinese people react to sickness so differently? Tina grew up in the U.S. Wesley grew up in Taiwan. And they have discovered that differences between Chinese and American cultures extend   to every area of life. Even sickness and health.\nWhen Westerners experience pain, they usually express their discomfort. Most Asians don't. This creates a challenge for American nurses who care for Asian patients in the U.S. How do they know if that calm, quiet patient is really hurting? They have to keep asking their Asian patients how they feel.\nIn addition, Americans usually don't want sickness to slow them down. Unlike Chinese people, Americans often don't take time off work to rest and get well. They'd rather sneeze and cough all day at the office.\nAmericans who get sick in Asia may protest   when Chinese friends suggest they go to the hospital. \"I'm not that sick!\" they may say. In the U.S., only very sick or injured patients go to hospital. People go to a doctor's office for less serious problems.\nLike Tina, Americans more often turn to vitamins or over-the-counter drugs to help them get well. \nChinese people, however, often head straight for the doctor when they get sick, like Wesley did. They want a prescription   to treat their sickness before it gets serious.\nChinese patients often just trust their doctors to give them the information they need. Most Americans, however, ask their doctors lots of questions and do research. American patients want to know everything they can about their condition.\nSo, are one culture's attitudes toward health better than the other's? Perhaps not. Tina and Wesley will both recover from their colds. And today, doctors all over the world are sharing treatment methods with each other. In health, as in everything else, we can learn a lot from each other.", "id": "high20490.txt"}