{"answers": ["C", "D", "C"], "options": [["Curing beriberi disease", "Preventing tiredness", "Curing heart disease", "Losing weight"], ["drinking green tea has a history of thousands of years.", "flavooid, a special vitamin, is made up of EGCg.", "Vitamin C and E is 20 times stronger than EGCg.", "drinking green tea has no bad effect but benefits."], ["Process of making green tea.", "Characteristic of green tea.", "Benefits of drinking green tea.", "History and types of green tea."]], "questions": ["Green tea can help us in many aspects EXCEPT   _  .", "It can be inferred from the passage that   _  .", "Which of the following might be the best title for the text?   _  ."], "article": "For the past many centuries, people had been enjoying the benefits of green tea for the body. Many people would prefer drinking green tea than white tea and black tea, simply because of its  _ aroma  not found in other types of tea. Nowadays, keeping the natural greenish color1 of tea leaves remained just like before. This is done by preparing the green tea just like the way it was prepared before--by washing the leaves right after pulling off them from the bush, then boiling them.\nThere have been many healthful claims saying that drinking green tea-based products help a lot in improving the general health of their body. For a long time, there has been many beliefs saying that green tea can help, cure beriberi disease , treat wounds, and even prevent tiredness. Now modern technology determines that there are even added healthful benefits that include reducing the possibility of having a heart disease and helping people to lose more weight easily. \nBesides, studies have found out that green tea has Polyphenols , a type of flaonoid  that greatly reduces the amount of time of cell maturation. The flavonoid found in green tea is called EGCg- a stronger matter than Vitamin C and E. It is believed to be 20 times stronger than these mentioned vitamins.\nHaving two cups of green tea daily is a good routine for your body. However, most doctors would suggest drinking at least 4 cups a day is the best. You can slowly increase the amount of drinking it to allow your body to get used to it. There is nothing to lose but everything to gain in drinking green tea.", "id": "high20501.txt"}