{"answers": ["B", "C", "D"], "options": [["Be a good performer in our own organization.", "Try to develop our skills and be a career activist.", "Enter a field where the hot jobs are.", "Transfer to other jobs that use computers."], ["they have got a hot job", "they have no other better choices", "they have got used to a certain job", "they have no other skills and interests"], ["Something that is both hot and interesting.", "Something that brings you good source of income.", "Something that will always exist in the future.", "Something involving your strengths and interests."]], "questions": ["How can we ensure that we have choices if we lose the main source of income?", "Some people are afraid of change because  _  .", "What is the best job for you to choose according to the writer?"], "article": "In this fast-shifting world, there can be no guarantees attached to any particular job. But there is much that you can do to protect yourself from the change of society, by equipping yourself with the skills to manage your career more effectively. You need to be a career activist.\nIf you lost your main source of income tomorrow, could you find a different source to replace it? The most important thing in protecting yourself now and in the future is ensuring that you have choices. Don't let yourself be held back by a lack of skill development, or fear of change. Some people have been good performers in their own organization but discovered that they are stuck. Because they are so closely related to a particular company or industry, their skills are not readily transferred to other jobs.\nDon't put all your eggs in one basket. If you limit yourself to one particular area or sector, you limit your opportunity, too. In a global market place, many jobs come and go quickly as changes in the stock market. Today's hottest job may not exist tomorrow. If you love computers, then this work represents a great choice. But don't enter a field just because you think that's where the hot jobs are; even if the job is available, it may not match well with your own skills and abilities. Start with entry of your own strengths and interests, then see where you may match up best in the job market.", "id": "high20507.txt"}