{"answers": ["C", "C"], "options": [["She arrived at the park five months ago.", "She lives at the park together with some other foxes.", "She was sent to the park because her mother left her.", "She loved the life in the park so much that she left her mother."], ["foxes are better at photographing than men", "some foxes are more friendly than humans", "Mr Czapp and Jessie took photos for each other", "Jessie gained an advantage over Mr Czapp in photographing"]], "questions": ["What do we know about Jessie from the passage?", "From the passage we can infer that   _  ."], "article": "While firing off pictures of a curious five-month-old fox, photographer Simon Czapp soon realized his subject had quite an interest in photography herself. The clever fox was so curious about the camera equipment that she climbed right on top of it. And while she was supposed to be the subject of the shoot, the fox stood on the shutter release button   and took her own  _ .\nMr Czapp visited the New Forest Wildlife Park to capture images of new arrival Jessie. She has been at the animal park in Ashurst, Hampshire -- home to wolves, deer and other animals in 25 acres of ancient woodland -- after being abandoned by her mother.\nMr Czapp said, \"Jessie was very playful and curious and not at all camera shy. Soon after I arrived she was chewing my shoes and everything seemed to be a game to her. Then she started exploring the camera I had set up on a tripod  . She balanced her front paws on it and at one point knocked it over.\"\nHe put the camera back on the tripod and Jessie soon jumped back up. At one point she had all four paws on the camera and was keeping her balance. Mr Czapp added, \"She jumped up there several times and I realized it could make a good picture. As I was leaving with the public's viewing window behind me, I thought I heard the camera go off but didn't think much of it. But when I checked the memory card afterwards, I was amazed to see Jessie had actually taken two pictures of me photographing her. I couldn't believe a fox had gained an advantage over me! Jessie is a lovely little fox. There were some lovely photos of her but she obviously thought the photographer was worthy of a picture too!\"", "id": "high20523.txt"}