{"answers": ["A", "B", "D", "C"], "options": [["How Gallaudet set up the first school for the deaf in America.", "What contributions Gallaudet made to the education of the deaf in America.", "Different methods of teaching the deaf in the world.", "Who invented American sign language."], ["couldn't even communicate with their parents at home", "could only have simple communication within home", "could only communicate with an oral method", "could only communicate with deaf people from other homes"], ["their methods were quite different", "they thought it was impossible for Gallaudet to learn", "Gallaudet knew little about sign language", "they wanted to keep their methods a secret"], ["Clerc began to teach Gallaudet French signs.", "American sign language began to form in Gallaudet's mind.", "Gallaudet learned many of French signs.", "Both men learned the language of the other."]], "questions": ["What is the text mainly about?", "Before 1817 deaf people in America   _  .", "Schools in Britain didn't teach Gallaudet because   _  .", "What happened during the 52-day voyage back to America?"], "article": "American sign language has an interesting history. Although there have always been deaf individuals in America, the history really begins in 1817. Before 1817 deaf people communicated by using \"home signs\". Gestures were individually created and used within the home for simple communication. There were no schools or formal sign language training for the deaf.\nSo, why was 1817 an important date? Well, the story begins with Thomas Hopkins Gallaudet. Gallaudet met his neighbor's daughter Alice Cogswell. Alice was the young deaf daughter of Dr. Mason Cogswell from Hartford, Connecticut. Gallaudet began teaching Alice to read and write a few simple words. Excited by the success Dr. Cogswell encouraged Gallaudet to establish a school for the deaf. Cogswell raised the money and Gallaudet traveled to Britain to learn the methods used there. However, the schools refused to share their instructional techniques and methods.\nWhile in London, there happened to be a demonstration of the French method of deaf education. Britain was using an oral method of instruction; however, the French method used signs. Gallaudet was fascinated with the method and was able to meet with the instructor, Sicard, and his two deaf pupils, Jean Massieu and Laurent Clerc. Sicard agreed to teach Gallaudet his method and Gallaudet went to Paris to learn French signs. After a while, Gallaudet wished to return home and convinced Clerc to go with him and help him establish the school. The trip home was a 52-day voyage during which Clerc taught Gallaudet French signs and Gallaudet taught Clerc English.\nOn April 15, 1817, Laurent Clerc and Thomas Hopkins Gallaudet established what is currently known as the American School for the Deaf in Hartford, Connecticut. The opening of the first school for the deaf can be viewed as one of the most important events in current deaf culture.", "id": "high20533.txt"}