{"answers": ["B", "A", "C"], "options": [["be better at playing the violin", "be more easily touched by music", "have more spare time", "have more music knowledge"], ["In a way, the violinist was mistaken as a beggar.", "None of the passers-by were fond of music.", "Joshua Bell first played the violin in the station.", "Beauty can only be enjoyed in particular places."], ["Show kindness to anyone whether they're rich or not.", "Try to create beautiful things for others to enjoy.", "Notice and appreciate what's going on in our daily life.", "Listen to as many great musicians as possible."]], "questions": ["Compared to their parents, the children seemed to   _  .", "What can be inferred from the passage?", "In the writer's opinion, what should we do?"], "article": "On a cold January morning in a Washington, DC Metro Station, a man with a violin played six great pieces for about 45 minutes. During that time about two thousand people went through the station, most of them on their way to work.\nAfter three minutes a middle-aged man noticed there was a musician playing. He slowed his pace and stopped for a few seconds and then hurried to meet his schedule.\nFour minutes later, the violinist received his first dollar: a woman threw the money in the hat and, without stopping, continued to walk. After 6 minutes, a young man leaned against the wall to listen to him, then looked at his watch and started to walk again. After ten minutes, a 3-year-old boy stopped but his mother dragged him along hurriedly. This action was repeated by several other children. Every parent, without exception, forced their children to move on quickly.\nIn the end, only 6 people stopped and listened for a short while. About 20 gave money, but continued to walk at their normal pace. The man collected a total of $32. When he finished playing, no one applauded, nor was there any recognition.\nThe violinist was Joshua Bell, one of the greatest musicians in the world. He played one of the most elegant pieces ever written, with a violin worth $3.5 million dollars, two days before Joshua Bell had sold out a theater in Boston where the seats averaged $100.\nThe performance was organized as part of a social experiment about perception, taste, and people's priorities. In a usual environment, at an inappropriate hour, do you perceive beauty? Do you stop to appreciate it? Do you recognize talent in an unexpected context?\nIf you do not have a moment to stop and listen to one of the best musicians in the world playing some of the finest music ever written, how many other things might you be missing?", "id": "high20531.txt"}