{"answers": ["A", "C", "A", "D"], "options": [["offer some ways to experience extreme sports", "help readers have different excitement during their holidays", "introduce the most exciting sports around the world", "introduce the latest sports in the world"], ["Ice-climb in London.", "Hang-gliding in Rio De Janeiro.", "Sky-walk in Sydney.", "Mountain-boarding in Leeds."], ["Flying peacefully like a bird.", "jumping quickly like a sportsman. .", "Flying over the city like a pilot.", "Flying like a romantic actor."], ["www. ridethehill. com", "www. riohanggliding. com", "www. scuz. info", "www. mountainboarding, co. uk"]], "questions": ["The purpose of the above ads is to   _  .", "Which of the following is open at night?", "What kind of feeling would you have if you went hang-gliding in Rio De Janeiro?", "You have never tried dangerous sport, then you can get on  _   to find some training information."], "article": "Ice-climb in London\nThe huge ice skating area at Somerset House has been drawing crowds each winter for years, but last November an ice wall was added for the first time, bringing even more danger and excitement. Standing more than 26 feet high is along line of pure ice, featuring three climbing faces of varying difficulty using crampons ,ice picks. and ropes. Using it costs about PS40 (020 7854600;www. somersethouseicednk. org. uk). It is open from late November to the end of January.\nHang-gliding in Rio De Janeiro\nAccording to the hang-gliders of Rio, once you ' ve swooped  over the city's streets,gazing at the Sugar Loaf, and the city of Niteroion, the other side of Guanabara Bay, you will understand why birds are peaceful animals. Accept the romantic idea on a 30-minute cycling flight from the 525-meter Pedra Bonita in the Sao Conrado mountain down to the Sao Conrado beach. It costs aroundPS55.\nContact Air Adventures (021 98439006;www. rio-hanggliding, com).\nSky-walk in Sydney\nThis experience takes having a look at a nice view to the whole other level, as you are suspended more than 850 feet (260m)above street level,controlled to a glass viewing platform of Sydney Tower. It's the city's highest building. After a thorough briefing and being fitted with protective sky suits , sky-walkers make their way along two-purpose-built walkways and platforms, which have transparent floor,while a guide points out landmarks. Night time sky-walks. are also available. It costs PS46.\nMountain-boarding in Leeds\nRiders roll down hills and fly off jumps, doing tricks. A number of special mountain-board parks have been opened around the country (see www. ridethehill. com). But the Leeds body of the Boarding Society practice at least twice a week in the city in locations that include Roundhay Park. Those with their own boards are welcomed to join them. Contact the society at www. scua. info. Alternatively, beginners can get lessons in Halifax at the Another World(014 22 245196; www mountainboarding.co.uk)mountain-board center for PS8 an hour with equipment.", "id": "high20547.txt"}