{"answers": ["B", "A", "D", "D"], "options": [["We can still see an object clearly covered with the liquid.", "It will cause plants to have some kind of disease.", "Plants still have access to oxygen when covered by it.", "It can speed up the growth of seeds."], ["are being tested by some industries", "are being used by various companies", "can be eaten together with hamburgers", "are widely used by train companies"], ["pessimistic", "doubtful", "cautious", "optimistic"], ["We don't have to wash our clothes with the new invention.", "The liquid glass can be used to wash yourself in the bathroom.", "The DIY stores will not welcome the liquid glass.", "The liquid glass will be widely used in many fields."]], "questions": ["Which of the following about the liquid glass is NOTtrue?", "According to Neil McClelland, the spray-on liquid glass   _  .", "The writer's attitude towards the application of the new liquid glass is   _  .", "What can be inferred from the passage?"], "article": "Invented in Turkey and patented by Nanopool, a German company, the spray-on liquid glass might become one of the most useful inventions in the field of nanotechnology. The product was tested at the Saarbrucken Institute for New Materials. \nIt is worth mentioning that the invention is transparent and non-poisonous. The liquid glass can protect any type of surface from damages caused by water, UV radiation, dirt, heat, and bacterial infections. Besides, it is flexible and breathable, which means that the liquid glass can be applied on plants and seeds as well. Researchers found that the spray greatly increases the resistance of plants to bacteria-caused diseases. The trials also showed that the sprayed seeds grew faster. \nDepending on the type of surface that is to be covered, researchers can add water or ethanol to the spray. Scientists say that  _ . The spray produces a coating that is just 100nm thick. Trials by food processing plants in Germany have concluded that foods covered with the glass can store longer than those stored in normal condition.\nAccording to Neil McClelland, UK project manager with Nanopool, due to its capabilities, the spray-on liquid glass can become one of the most useful inventions around the world, ending up being used by a lot of industries that will cover their products. At present, the invention is being used by a train company and a hotel chain in the UK, as well as a hamburger chain in Germany that are carrying out tests of the liquid glass for various uses. \nThe spray-on liquid glass was also tested in a Lancashire hospital, where it showed \"very promising\" results, being used to cover medical equipment and bandages. The invention could be also used on clothing, because it cannot be seen by the naked eye, thus clothes could become stain resistant. Due to its unique characteristics, the liquid glass can be used to cover bathrooms, sinks and many other surfaces in the home. According to the researchers, the spay-on glass can last for a year. It is expected to hit the DIY stores across Britain at a price of 5 pounds.", "id": "high20543.txt"}