{"answers": ["A", "D", "D", "B"], "options": [["312,000", "480,000", "650,000", "1,000,000"], ["in the USA", "in the south of the USA", "in the southern states", "in Tennessee"], ["Martin Luther King was killed in the city of Memphis by James Earl Ray in 1968.", "W*E Herenton was elected the first black mayor of Memphis in 1991.", "Memphis opened the National Civil Rights Museum in 1991.", "Martin Luther King was elected mayor of Memphis."], ["Because they want to see Martin Luther King there.", "Because they want to learn about the history of the American civil right movement.", "Because they want to keep in touch with their  s and friends living there.", "Because it is the only place for the black to elect their mayor."]], "questions": ["There are about   _   African Americans living in Memphis.", "Memphis is the largest city   _  .", "Which of the following statements is not true according to the passage?", "Why do people visit the National Civil Rights Museum?"], "article": "Memphis is the largest city in the southern State of Tennessee, USA. The Mississippi River flows along the west side of the city. Memphis is the chief centre of business, industry and transportation in Tennessee. Six hundred fifty thousand people live in the city. More than one million people live in the area. Like many other American cities, Memphis has had racial problems. About forty eight percent of the city's population is African American. In 1968, city workers who collected waste went on strike. Most of the workers were black. The famous civil rights leader Martin Luther King, Junior went to Memphis to support the workers. On April 4th, King was murdered in Memphis by James Earl Ray. After Mr King's death, the city worked to improve living conditions for black people. In 1991, voters elected W*E Herenton the city's first black mayor . The same year, Memphis opened the National Civil Rights Museum. It was built next to the place where Martin Luther King was killed. Many people visit the museum to learn about the history of the American civil rights movement. Today, people from across the United States and around the world visit Memphis. Tourism has become a major industry.", "id": "high20551.txt"}