{"answers": ["B", "D"], "options": [["Two.", "Three.", "Four.", "Five."], ["To reduce garden work, you can make use of newspapers.", "Mulch such as tree bark and the pages of newspapers provides fertilizer as it breaks down.", "Harvest beans and peas when they have grown full, bright and green.", "Some greens like collards, broccoli and spinach produce more leaves after the first harvest."]], "questions": ["How many ways are mentioned to fight insects in the passage?", "According to the passage, which of the following is NOT true?"], "article": "Home gardens are very common in America. They can provide people with fresh vegetables, but hard work should be done. For example, you have to fight against insects and animals in home gardens, because they like the fresh vegetables as much as us. Maybe you will surround a small garden with a wire fence, but this may not keep out birds or some digging animals. Instead, it can reduce unwanted visitors.\n  You can remove harmful insects by hand. But if you want to use poisons, be extremely careful. Be sure to follow all the safety directions.\n    There is another way to fight insects-avoid planting a crop in the same place every year. Insects lay eggs in the soil, so they reappear yearly. Moving a crop from place to place in the garden can keep insects away from the plants they like to eat.\n    To reduce garden work, spread eight to ten centimetres of  _ under and around vegetables. Mulch can be made of tree bark   or the pages of newspapers. Mulch will help limit the growth of weeds   and hold water in the soil. Mulch also provides fertilizer as it breaks down. You can talk to an agricultural adviser about other fertilizers to add to the soil.\n    Harvest   vegetables during the cool part of the morning if possible. Here is some advice for some popular kinds of vegetables:\n    Harvest beans and peas when they have grown full, bright and green. Do not wait too long.\n    Heads of broccoli should be harvested before any yellow flowers appear. More growth will develop later for a continuous harvest.\n    Some greens like collards , mustard  and spinach produce more leaves after the first harvest. They will continue to grow all the season. Pick green onions when they reach the desired size. Pick other onions when their top leaves turn yellow.\n    A home garden can be hard work for several months. But a good harvest is the best reward.", "id": "high20550.txt"}