{"answers": ["D", "B", "B", "C"], "options": [["More than forty", "Over twenty", "None", "Twenty"], ["In 1983.", "In 1982.", "In 1968.", "In 1948."], ["Ieoh Ming Pei was born in America.", "Ieoh Ming Pei studied architecture at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology when he was young.", "Ieoh Ming Pei got a degree for architecture in 1948.", "Ieoh Ming Pei got a Harvard undergraduate Degree in 1946."], ["Ieoh Ming Pei's Life and Background", "A Famous Professor--Ieoh Ming Pei", "An Unusual Architect--Ieoh Ming Pei", "A Great Architect of Residential Structures"]], "questions": ["_   of Pei's structures have won awards.", "When was I. M. Pei chosen as the best designer of significant non-residential structures?", "Which of the following is true according to the text?", "What would be the best title for the text?"], "article": "On this vivid planet, it appears color1ful with many world famous buildings. Among these largest artificial articles in the world, many were designed by the same architect--Ieoh Ming Pei.\nPei, the 1983 Laureate of the Pritzker, Architecture Prize, is a founding partner of I. M. Pei & Partners based in New York City. He was born in China in 1917, the son of a banker. He came to the United States in 1935 to study architecture at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and the Harvard Graduate School of Design (M. Arch. 1946).\nFrom 1945 to 1948, Pei taught at Harvard. In 1948 he accepted the newly created post of director of Architecture at Webb & Knapp, Inc., and this association resulted in major architectural and planning projects in big cities. In 1958, he formed the partnership of I. M. Pei & Associates, which became I. M. Pei & Partners in 1966. The partnership received the 1968 Architectural Firm Award of The American Institute of Architects.\nPei has designed over forty projects in the world, twenty of which have been award winners. His outstanding projects have included the East Building of the National Gallery of Art, Washington, D.C.; the John Fitzgerald Kennedy Library near Boston; the Fragrant Hill Hotel near Beijing, China.\nPei is now a member of the National Council on the Arts, and before served on the National Council on the Humanities. He is a Fellow of the American Institute of Architects, a member of the Royal Institute of British Architects, and an elected member of the American Academy of Arts and Letters. He is a member of the Corporation of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.\nAs a student, he was awarded the MIT Traveling Fellowship, at Harvard. He later won a lot of honors. In 1982, the deans of the architectural schools of America chose I. M. Pei as the best designer of significant non-residential   structures.", "id": "high20552.txt"}