{"answers": ["B", "D", "C"], "options": [["two moving romantic stories", "something about Qixi and Valentine's Day", "why young people prefer Western festivals", "how Qixi is different from European Valentine's Day"], ["businessmen think that European Valentine's Day is more important than Qixi", "the government encourages people to celebrate foreign festivals", "the costs on Qixi are higher than those on European Valentine's Day", "the lunar calendar is not easy to remember and people don't know how to enjoy Qixi"], ["Lovers exchange cards, flowers and go out to date on Qixi.", "Valentine helped a couple of lovers kill the cruel king.", "European Valentine's Day was named after a person.", "Old people in China dislike young people celebrating European Valentine's Day."]], "questions": ["This text is mainly about   _  .", "Qixi is less popular than European Valentine's Day because   _  .", "Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the text?"], "article": "Chinese Valentine's Day   is on the seventh day of the seventh month of the lunar calendar  . It is a traditional festival for Chinese people. It comes from a romantic ancient Chinese story. Niu Lang and Zhi Nv, two lovers who got separated by the Queen Mother of the Western Heavens, can only meet that night. Thanks to this touching story, Chinese people regard the seventh day of the seventh month of the lunar calendar as Chinese Valentine's Day. In China people also call it \"Qixi\".\nMeanwhile, February 14 of the solar calendar is European Valentine's Day. It is related to a moving story too. The story goes that, there was a cruel king in ancient Rome whose name was Claudius. He forbade the youth to get married during the wars, which made the lovers angry. There was a monk   named Valentine who was very angry at the rule and the king. One day a couple of lovers came to his temple to ask for help to get married. Valentine helped them. Later, many couples got married with Valentine's help. But Claudius knew it soon. He put Valentine to death cruelly. And that day was February 14, the year of 270.\nCompared with European Valentine's Day, Qixi is less popular in China though it is a traditional Chinese festival. There may be many reasons. First of all, the lunar calendar is not easy to remember for most of the young people who are used to the solar calendar. Secondly, to many businessmen, European Valentine's Day is not only a festival for lovers but also a good chance to make money. Most of the flower shops can sell their flowers at a good price on European Valentine's Day while the business drops in Qixi, because on European Valentine's Day lovers know more about how to enjoy it. They exchange cards, flowers and go out to date. But most of them don't know the culture of Chinese Valentine's Day or how to celebrate it.", "id": "high20566.txt"}