{"answers": ["C", "B"], "options": [["loved her very much", "hoped she would join him in Chicago", "did not have anything better to do", "had a lot of interesting things to tell her"], ["Protective", "Changeable", "Greedy", "Faithful"]], "questions": ["Ned wrote to Alice almost every day because he .", "Which of the following words can BEST describe Ned?"], "article": "When she was a girl of sixteen and before she began to work in the store , Alice had dated a young man. The young man, named Ned Currie, was older than Alice. He was employed on the local newspaper and for a long time he went to see Alice almost every evening. Together the two walked under the trees through the streets of the town and talked of what they would do with their lives. Alice was then a very pretty girl and one night Ned took her into his arms and kissed her. He became excited and said things he did not intend to say and Alice, betrayed by her desire to have something beautiful come into her narrow life, also grew excited. She also talked. The outer crust of her life , all of her natural shyness and reserve, was torn away and she gave herself over to the emotions of love.\nWhen,late in the fall,Ned went away to Cleveland to try to get a place on a city newspaper and rise in the world , she wanted to go with him.  _ she told him what was in her mind. \"I will work and you can work,she said. \"I don't want to tie you to a needless expense that will stop you making progress. Don't marry me now. We'll get along without that and we can be together. Even though we live in the same house, no one will say anything. In the city we'll be unknown and people will pay no attention to us.\"\nNed was puzzled by his sweetheart's determination and was also deeply touched. He had wanted a girlfriend just to relieve the boredom of his life but had changed his mind. He now wanted to protect her and care for her. \"You don't know what you're talking about,he said sharply; \"I'll let you do no such thing. As soon as I get a good job , I'll come back. For the present you'll have to stay here. It's the only thing we can do.\nOn the evening before he left Winesburg, Ned went to call on Alice. They walked about through the streets for an hour and then went for a drive in the country. The moon came up and they found themselves unable to talk. They stopped at a place where a long meadow ran down to the bank of Wine Creek and there in the dim light he kissed her and promised he would love her forever. When they returned to town, it did not seem to them that anything in the future could blot out  the wonder and beauty of that evening. ''Now we will have to stick to each other; whatever happens, we will have to do that,\" Ned said as he left the girl at her father's door.\nHe did not succeed in getting a place on a Cleveland newspaper and went west to Chicago. For a time he was lonely and wrote to Alice almost every day. Then he was caught up by the life of the city ;he began to make friends and found  new interests in life. In Chicago he boarded at a house where there were several women. One of them attracted his attention and he forgot Alice in Winesburg. At the end of a year he had stopped writing letters, and only once in a long time when he was lonely or when he went into one of the city parks and saw the moon shining on the grass as it had shone that night on the meadow by Wine Creek did he think of her at all.", "id": "high20570.txt"}