{"answers": ["C", "B", "D"], "options": [["avoid the interviewer's questions that are designed to embarrass you", "remember that you are the best", "make yourself stand out as the right person for the job", "tell yourself that you want to get the job"], ["should tell a lie to the interviewer", "should not speak ill of him", "should refer to him in a factual manner", "should never mention it"], ["how to make your strengths understood", "how to show your interest in the job", "how to be frank and sincere", "how to deal with an interview"]], "questions": ["To get the job you want, during the interview you should   _  .", "If you did not get along with your former employer, you   _  .", "The passage is mainly about   _  ."], "article": "The interview is an important event in the job-hunting process, because the 20 or 30 minutes you spend with the interviewer may decide whether or not you get the particular job you want. Therefore, it is important to remember that your purpose during the interview may differ from that of the potential employer. You want to make yourself stand out as a whole person who has personal strengths and should be considered the right person for the job. It is encouraging to know that the interviewer's task is not to embarrass you, but to hire the right person for the job.\nRemember, job-hunting is very competitive. Anything you can do to improve your interview techniques will be to your advantage. The following suggestions may help you land the most important job.\nYour goal in this interview is to make sure your good points get across. The interviewer won't know them unless you point them out, so try to do this in a factual and sincere manner.\nDon't say anything bad about your former employers. If you have been fired from a job and the interview asks about it, be honest.\nShow the interviewer that you are interested in the company by asking questions. Ask about responsibilities, working conditions, promotion opportunities and benefits of the job you are interviewing for.\nIf at some point you decide the interview is not going well, do not let your discouragement show. You have nothing to lose by continuing a show of confidence, and you many have much to gain. It may be real, or it may be a test to see how you react to  _ conditions.\nSome interviewers may bring up salary early in the interview. At this time, you may indicate that you are more interested in a job where you can prove yourself than a specific salary. This politely passes the question back to the interviewer. If possible, you should negotiate for salary after you have been offered a job and have completed the paperwork.", "id": "high20577.txt"}