{"answers": ["C", "D", "A"], "options": [["negative", "neutral", "positive", "questioning"], ["The inefficiency of the Nuclear Regulation Commission.", "The enormous cost of construction and operation.", "The length of time it takes to make investigations.", "The objection of the opponents of nuclear power."], ["stop the Shoreham plant from going into operation", "urge the power company to further increase its power supply", "permit the Shoreham plant to operate under certain conditions", "help the power company to solve its financial problems"]], "questions": ["The author's attitude toward the development of nuclear power is   _  .", "What has made the procedure for licensing nuclear power plants a bad dream?", "Governor Mario Cuomo's chief intention in proposing the settlement was to   _  ."], "article": "In the early days of nuclear power, the United States make money on it. But today opponents   have so complicated its development that no nuclear plants have been ordered or built here in 12 years.\nThe greatest fear of nuclear power opponents has always been a reactor \"meltdown\". Today, the chances of a meltdown that would threaten U.S. public health are very little. But to even further reduce the possibility, engineers are testing new reactors that rely not on human judgment to shut them down but on the laws of nature. Now General Electric is already building two advanced reactors in Japan. But don't expect them even on U.S. shores unless things change in Washington. \nThe procedure for licensing nuclear power plants is a bad dream. Any time during, or even after, construction, an objection by any group or individual can bring everything to a stop while the matter is investigated or taken to court. Meanwhile, the builder must add nice-but-not-necessary improvements, some of which force him to knock down walls and start over. In every case when a plant has been opposed, the Nuclear Regulation Commission has ultimately granted a license to construct or operate. But the victory often costs so much that the utility ends up abandoning the plant anyway.\nA case in point is the Shoreham plant on New York's Long Island. Shoreham was a virtual twin to the Millstone plant in Connecticut, both ordered in the mid-60s. Millstone, completed for $101 million, has been generating electricity for two decades. Shoreham, however, was singled out by antinuclear activists who, by sending in endless protests, drove the cost over $5 billion and delayed its use for many years.\nShoreham finally won its operation license. But the plant has never produced a watt power. Governor Mario Cuomo, an opponent of a Shoreham start-up, used his power to force New York's public-utilities commission to accept the following settlement: the power company could pass the cost of Shoreham along to its consumers only if it agreed not to operate the plant. Today, a perfectly good facility, capable of servicing hundreds of thousands of homes, sits rusting.", "id": "high20572.txt"}