{"answers": ["C", "D", "D", "B"], "options": [["women who used regular coffee were good planners", "most of the women investigated were good at reasons", "many women believed that wives who used instant coffee were lazy", "housewives who used instant coffee were lazy"], ["which was better,instant coffee or regular coffee", "women's attitude towards shopping", "the necessity of making such a shopping list", "the personality of a woman who would prepare such a list"], ["they didn't trust advertisements", "instant coffee was not suited to their taste", "they wanted to show that they were intelligent", "they had a sense of shame about using instant coffee"], ["expensive coffee", "coffee made up quickly for use", "cheap coffee", "coffee made up slowly for use"]], "questions": ["The result of the investigation showed that   _  .", "In the study,the women were supposed to give the opinions about  _  .", "Judging by the result of the study many women were not interested in instant coffee because  _  .", "The\"instant coffee\"probably means  _  ."], "article": "The producers of instant coffee found their product strongly resisted in the market places despite their product's obvious advantages. Furthermore,the advertising expense for instant coffee was far greater than that for regular coffee. Efforts were made to find the cause of the users' seemingly unreasonable resistance to the product. The reason given by most people was dislike for the taste. The producers doubt that there might be deeper reasons,however. This was supported by one of motivation research's classic studies,one often cited in the trade. Mason Haire of the University of California constructed two shopping lists that were the same except for one item. There were six items common to both lists: hamburger,carrots,bread,baking powder,canned peaches,and potatoes,with the brands or amounts specified. The seventh item,in fifth place on both lists,read\"lib. Maxwell House coffee\"on one list and\"Nescafe instant coffee\"on the other. One list was given to each one in a group of fifty women,and the other list to those in another group of the same size. The women were asked to study their lists and then to describe,as far as they could,the kind of woman(personality and character)who would draw up that shopping list. Nearly half of those who had received the list including instant coffee described a housewife who was lazy and a poor planner. On the other hand,only one woman in the other group described the housewife,who had included regular coffee on,her list was lazy; only six of that group suggested that she was a poor planner. Eight women felt that the instant-coffee user was probably not a good wife!No one in the other group drew such a conclusion about the housewife who intended to buy regular coffee.", "id": "high20590.txt"}