{"answers": ["C", "D", "A"], "options": [["they had no child.", "their children didn't like them.", "they didn't understand each other actually.", "the old man didn't love the old woman."], ["Because they were loving each other then.", "Because they had no time to lawyer's office.", "Because they wanted to make their divorce open.", "Because they didn't wish to affect their children's up-bringing."], ["the old man still loved his wife really.", "the wife didn't love her husband at all.", "their children still lived with old couple.", "they were in harmony over 40 years."]], "questions": ["The old couple wanted to file a divorce because   _  .", "Why didn't they file a divorce before they were at the age of 70?", "According to the passage we can know that   _  ."], "article": "One fine day, an old couple around the age of 70, walks into a lawyer's office. Apparently, they are there to file a divorce. Lawyer was very puzzled, after having a chat with them, he got their story.\nThis couple had been quarreling all their 40 years of marriage nothing ever seems to go right. They hang on because of their children, afraid that it might affect their up-bringing. Now, all their children have already grown up, have their own family, there's nothing else the old couple have to worry about, all they wanted is to lead their own life free from all these years of unhappiness from their marriage, so both agree on a divorce.\nWhile they were signing the papers, the wife told the husband. \"I really love you, but I really can't carry on anymore, I'm sorry.\" \"It's OK, I understand.\" said the husband. Little did she know that, over the years, the husband has been trying all ways to please her, little did she know that drumsticks were the husband's favorite. Little did he know that she never thought he understands her at all, little did he know that she hates drumsticks even though all he wants is the best for her.\nThat night, both of them couldn't sleep, toss and turn, toss and turn. After hours, the old man couldn't take it anymore, he knows that he still loves her, and he can't carry on life without her, he wants her back, he wants to tell her, he is sorry, he wants to tell her, \"I love you.\" He picked up the phone, started dialing her number. Ringing never stops. He never stops dialing.\nOn the other side, she was sad, she couldn't understand how come after all these years, he still doesn't understand her at all, she loves him a lot, but she just can't take it any more. Phone's ringing, she refuses to answer knowing that it's him. \"I want to keep it this way, if not I will lose face. \"She thought. Phone is still ringing. She has decided to pull out the cord. Little did she remember, he had heart problems.\nThe next day, she received news that he had passed away. She rushed down to his apartment, saw his body, lying on the couch still holding on to the phone. He had a heart attack when he was still trying to get through  her phone line.", "id": "high20605.txt"}