{"answers": ["A", "B", "B", "A"], "options": [["the author's father was once very rich.", "the author's father didn't love him.", "the author's father had not enough money to buy a run car.", "the author's thought was wildly unrealistic."], ["a beautiful run car", "a new leather-bound Bible", "a gift he hoped for", "only an empty box"], ["often went to see his father", "had never gone home", "went home once in the while", "always contacted his father by phone"], ["Good fortune lies within bad, bad fortune lurks within good.", "The author's father didn't understand his child.", "where there is a will, there is a way.", "Every man is the son of his own works."]], "questions": ["According to the passage we can infer that   _  .", "When author graduated from his school, his father sent him   _  .", "After graduation, author   _   before his father died.", "The passage can imply that   _  ."], "article": "A young man was getting ready to graduate from college. For many months he had admired a beautiful sports car in a dealer's showroom, and knowing his father could well afford it, he told him that was all he wanted.\nAs Graduation Day approached, the young man awaited signs that his father had purchased the car. Finally, on the morning of his graduation, his father called him into his private study. His father told him how proud he was to have such a fine son, and told him how much he loved him. He handed his son a beautiful wrapped gift box. Curious, but somewhat disappointed,the young man opened the box and found a lovely, leather-bound Bible, with the young man's name embossed in gold. Angrily, he raised his voice to his father and said, \"With all your money you give me a Bible?\" He then stormed out of the house, leaving the Bible.\nMany years passed and the young man was very successful in business. He had a beautiful home and a wonderful family, but realizing his father was very old, he thought perhaps he should go to see him. He had not seen him since that graduation day. Before he could make the arrangements, he received a telegram telling him his father had passed away, and willed all of his possessions to his son. He needed to come home immediately and take care of things.\nWhen he arrived at his father's house, sudden sadness and regret filled his heart. He began to search through his father's important papers and saw the still new Bible, just as he had left it years ago. With tears, he opened the Bible and began to turn the pages. As he was reading, a car key dropped from the back of the Bible. It had a tag with the dealer's name, the same dealer who had the sports car he had desired. On the tag was the date of his graduation, and the words. \"PAID IN FULL\".\nHow many times do we miss blessings because they are not packaged as we expected? Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not; but remember that what you now have was once among the things you only hoped for.\nSometimes we don't realize the good fortune we have or we could have because we expect \"the packaging\" to be different. What may appear as bad fortune may in fact be the door that is just waiting to be opened.", "id": "high20606.txt"}