{"answers": ["C", "B", "B"], "options": [["enjoyed himself in the Houston Rockets", "used to be a leader in the New York Knicks", "is a proven good student who can learn a lot from other players.", "led New York to success with the help of some All- Stars."], ["Harvard offered Lin an athletic scholarship.", "Harvard and Brown make sure of Lin's position on their basketball teams.", "Stanford and Harvard were Lin's dream schools.", "Lin's DVD impressed all the Ivy League schools greatly."], ["How the word Linsanity came into being.", "Introduction to Jeremy Shu-How Lin.", "How Lin becomes successful.", "Lin and New York Knicks"]], "questions": ["From the passage we can know that Lin  _  .", "According to the passage, which statement istrue?", "Which of the following can be the main idea of this text?"], "article": "Jeremy Shu-How Lin, who was born in California, 1988, world-famous now,is the first Chinese-American professional basketball player with the New York Knicks of NBA.\nIt hasn't been an easy road for Lin. After high school, Lin sent his resume  and a DVD of highlights to all the Ivy League schools, and his dream schools Stanford and UCLA. Harvard and Brown were the only schools that guaranteed him a spot on their basketball teams, but Ivy League schools do not offer athletic scholarships.\nAfter graduating from Harvard University, Lin went undrafted in the 2010 NBA Draft . Lin spent his first season with his hometown the Golden State Warriors. He saw limited minutes with the Warriors, but was cheered in arenas  around the country, particularly in cities with large Asian communities, as fans came out in crowds to cheer their homegrown star. In late 2011, Lin spent less than two weeks with the Houston Rockets, moving to the New York Knicks at the very end of the year.\nHe has made several trips to the NBA's Development League, a minor league for players who show promise but need seasoning before they can compete at the highest level. It appears to have paid off. In February 2012, after keying the Knicks victory over New Jersey, Lin was named the starter for the Utah game, a position he appears to have a hold on in the short term, as Baron Davis, who signed in December to play the position, stays on the disabled list. Lin will likely get stronger the more minutes he plays, and even if Davis returns, spelling the older, recovering player could be productive for Lin: a proven good student who can learn a lot from practicing against a veteran.\nWithout the services of All-Stars Carmelo and Amare, Lin led New York to a 4-0 record last week. He became the first player in NBA history to record at least 20 points and seven assists in each of his first four starts, which generated a global following known as Linsanity. The Associated Press called Lin \"the most Surprising story in the NBA\".", "id": "high2061.txt"}