{"answers": ["C", "B", "B", "A", "C"], "options": [["she was helping a slave run away", "she was playing with a young boy", "she was staying at the local store", "she was running for the door of the store"], ["daughter", "slave", "wife", "servant"], ["she lived a terribly unhappy life", "he often stopped her running away", "he couldn't give her right and freedom", "she wanted to save her family members"], ["She devoted most of her life to helping slaves escape.", "She became an expert at hiding from slave hunters.", "She made a contribution to the North in the Civil War.", "She traveled back to Maryland eighteen times."], ["how Harriet rescued her family from the South to the North", "how Harriet became a famous woman in the Civil War", "how Harriet fought against slavery in her life", "how Harriet turned from a slave to a free woman"]], "questions": ["Harriet was hit by a heavy weight on her head when     .", "We know from the passage that Harriet was Mister Brodas'    .", "Harriet decided to end her marriage with John mainly because     .", "Why was Harriet called Moses just like Moses in the Bible?", "The passage is mainly about     ."], "article": "One day, a slave owner entered a local store and threatened a young boy who was his slave. At first, the slave refused to move and ran for the door. The slave owner reached for a heavy weight. He threw it at his slave. Instead, it hit Harriet on the head. Harriet almost died. For the rest of her life, she carried the mark of a deep wound on her head.\n   Miser Brodas felt he never needed Harriet. He decided to sell her. Harriet thought of a way to prevent this. Each time she was shown to someone who might buy her, she acted as if she were falling asleep. After a while, Mister Brodas gave up the hope of selling Harriet. He sent her back to the fields. At 24 she married a free black man, John Tubman. By then, Harriet was sure she should escape.\n   In 1849, Mister Brodas died. His slaves probably would be sold to further South. John Tubman tried to make Harriet forget about running away. Harriet decided she must end her marriage and that she needed to tell her family that she was leaving.\n   Harriet escaped for Pennsylvania where slavery was banned there. Once she hid under hay that had been cut from the fields. Another time, she wore men's clothing. Finally, she arrived in Pennsylvania.\n   Now that Harriet was free, she didn't forget other slaves in Maryland. During the next ten years, she freed her parents and other family members. She traveled back and forth eighteen times, helping about 300 slaves escape. She became an expert at hiding from slave hunters. At one time, anyone finding Harriet was promised 40,000dollars for catching her--dead or alive. The people she helped called her Moses. She had rescued them from slavery just as the biblical Moses rescued the Jews.\n   After the Civil War began, Harriet started to spy for the North. She also served as a nurse. After four years of bloody fighting, the North won the war. Abraham Lincoln freed the slaves in 1863. There was no longer any need for Harriet to be Moses.", "id": "high20614.txt"}