{"answers": ["C"], "options": [["Copenhagen is a city with lots of places of interest.", "Stoget is the biggest pedestrian mall in the world.", "The government of Copenhagen does encourage people to ride bicycles.", "Nyhavn is a city hall where Hans Christian Anderson once worked."]], "questions": ["Which of the following is TRUE?"], "article": "As a child, I remember listening to a song called \"Wonderful, Wonderful Copenhagen.\" When  I visited the city last year, that song kept running through my head. It got me wondering: Just what is wonderful about Copenhagen?\nIt's not a place filled with world-famous tourist sites. But it does have a charm that makes you want to  _ . You can sample the food, visit the castles and museums, and learn about the life of the Danes.\nStoget, the world's longest pedestrian   mall, runs through the center of the old city. This string of lively street and squares  _ I happily explored the mall, looking in the windows of shops and cafes. I followed Stoget from the square in front of the city hall to Nyhavn. Here, old houses painted bright color1s look out over a picturesque harbor filled with sailing ships. Denmark's beloved storyteller Hans Christian Andersen lived here when he wrote his first stories.\nFrom Nyhavan, I continued heading north. I wanted to see Copenhagen's symbol, the statue of the Little Mermaid  . She was set up in honor of Hans Christian Andersen's famous story. As I continued my city tour, one thing impressed me all the bicycles. I learned that half the population of Copenhagen rides bikes every day. Only 20 percent of Copenhageners own cars because there is a 180 percent tax on them. That certainly keeps the city free of traffic jams and heavy pollution! It's easy to join all the bicyclists pedaling   through the streets, too. The city provides free bicycles that anyone can use. The cycling around the castles and parks made a relaxing end to a full day. As darkness fell and the parks' lights began to twinkle, I watched families enjoying themselves.\nSo what is wonderful about Copenhagen? Just about everything.", "id": "high20620.txt"}