{"answers": ["B", "A"], "options": [["It is rather difficult to make friends now.", "You can share interests with your online friends.", "Online friends are usually not your true friends.", "It is very dangerous to make friends online."], ["introduce a new way to make friends", "warn people not to trust online friends", "tell readers how to lead a good social life", "explain why people like to make friends online"]], "questions": ["Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage?", "The purpose of this passage is to   _  ."], "article": "Are you bored and lonely? Do you want to make new friends? Do long working hours\nmake it difficult for you to get out and about to meet new people? Maybe you or your friends have moved to a new area and this has left you feeling lonely. \nEven if you are already the proverbial social butterfly, you may still find that your existing friends do not share the same interests and feelings. You may have a satisfying social life, but you still find you have no one to travel with. You may have your circle of friends, but find that none of them will join you in the activities or sports that interest you most. These are just a few of the reasons why millions of people search online to find new friends.\nMatchmaking websites are good tools to make friends online. Profile matching technologies enable you to search for new friends by age, gender, location, interests and much more. You can make friends near you or anywhere in the world and learn about new countries, cultures and lifestyles.\nMaking friends online is easy and anonymous   as members get to know you by your username only. You can get in touch with members by sending private messages, joining in discussion forums, or sharing online chat. \nWhen you are ready, you can take your new friendships into the real world by arranging meetings to share your common interests. If you prefer to meet in numbers, you can join or create your own local group in which members share interests and activities near you.", "id": "high20621.txt"}