{"answers": ["B", "A", "C"], "options": [["In a science report.", "In a news report.", "In a guidebook.", "In an advertisement."], ["Biden once paid a visit to China before this talk.", "Obama didn't attend APEC or the East Asia Summit recently.", "Biden and Xi Jinping are holding the talk in the Oval Office of the White House.", "The talk is being held between China and the USA in the Oval Office of New York."], ["will visit New York, Washington DC and Los Angeles", "will go to Los Angeles to watch a soccer game", "visited Lowa many years ago, when he was governor", "visited Lowa many years ago, when he was a vice president"]], "questions": ["Where can you most probably read the passage?", "Which istrueaccording to the passage?", "From Para. 3, we can learn that Vice President Xi   _  ."], "article": "President Obama: I want to welcome Vice President Xi to the Oval Office and welcome him to the United States. This is obviously a great opportunity for us to build on the U. S.-China relationship, but also an opportunity to return the extraordinary hospitality that Vice President Xi showed Vice President Biden during his recent visit to China.\nAs I indicated during my recent visit to APEC and the East Asia Summit, the United States is a Pacific nation. And we are very interested and very focused on continuing to strengthen our relationships, to enhance our trade and our commerce, and make sure that we are a strong and effective partner with the Asia Pacific region. And obviously, in order to do that, it is absolutely vital that we have a strong relationship with China.\nSo, Mr. Vice President, I hope you have a wonderful visit while you're here. I'm sure the American people welcome you. I'm glad that you're going to get an opportunity to get out of Washington. I know you'll be visiting Lowa, which you visited many years ago when you were governor. And I understand you're also going to Los Angeles and maybe even taking in   a Lakers basketball game. So I hope you enjoy that very much.\nI want to extend my deepest welcome to you, and look forward to a future of improved dialogue and increased cooperation in the years to come.", "id": "high2062.txt"}