{"answers": ["C", "D", "B", "C"], "options": [["Its recycling program is followed by other universities.", "It produces reusable shopping bags by itself.", "It uses special systems to save water.", "It is the most eco-friendly university."], ["The Princeton Review praised it for its teaching methods.", "Its residence hall's building material is platinum.", "It owns a campus garden and a seeding program.", "It sustains itself almost without help from others."], ["grow their own food on campus", "pay less with their own containers", "help the college make its food budget", "recycle paper at their graduation ceremony"], ["Main idea - Comparison.", "Opinion - Discussion - Description", "Introduction - Supporting examples.", "Introduction - Explanation - Conclusion."]], "questions": ["What do we know about the University of Colorado?", "Which of the following about Warren Wilson College is TRUE?", "Students in Oberlin College can   _  .", "How is the text organized?"], "article": "Today, innovations  to make our lives more eco-friendly can be found everywhere. There are energy-efficient automobiles, eco-friendly light bulbs, and clothes made by fashion designers using sustainable  environmental practices. Industries around the world have also begun to take a serious look at how their operations affect the local and global environment. \nThe university of Colorado has been named one of the top green colleges and universities in the United States. This university was one of the first to start a student-led recycling program in the 1970s and today supplies students with reusable shopping bags to use both on and off campus. The entire University of Colorado also uses low flow water fixtures  and has reduced water usage by 40 percent since 2002. \nWhen it comes to going green, Warren Wilson College has been recognized in many places. The Sierra Club and The Princeton Review have named the college as one of America's greenest colleges and universities, while the school has also received the Outstanding College Recycling Award from the Carolina Recycling Association, as well as awards from the Association for the Advancement of Sustainability in Higher Education(AASHE). For a small college, Warren Wilson has made enormous efforts to be an eco-friendly campus since its beginning, and today owns a campus farm, a seeding program, and an extensive recycling program. Warren Wilson was also the first College to have an LEED platinum certified  residence hall, and its building services department is also 100 percent GreenSeal certified. According to College Stats, Warren Wilson College is one of the first institutions in the United States to be almost completely self-sufficient  while also engaging students to incorporate sustainability into all academic programs. \nGoing green efforts at Oberlin College have not gone unnoticed. Oberlin College spends 22 percent of its food budget on buying food from local farmers, with most of the food raised or harvested with organic and sustainable practices. Oberlin has also stopped selling bottled water on campus and offers discounts to students who use their own storage containers when purchasing beverages and food items. Among Oberlin's other eco-friendly accomplishments is a green graduation ceremony, which includes programs printed on 100 percent recycled paper.", "id": "high20626.txt"}