{"answers": ["D", "A", "D"], "options": [["make a difference in the world", "express yourself", "find your life purpose", "forget how lucky you are"], ["be based on what you are good at", "prove to be highly praised", "be rewarded with support", "become your lifework"], ["starts his new life in the day-to-day activities", "is not good at interacting with others", "kills time by volunteering", "values voluntary work very much"]], "questions": ["Through service you can do all of the following EXCEPT  _  .", "In the author's opinion, to make your life fully meaningful, your service to others should  _  .", "We can infer from the passage that the author   _  ."], "article": "Sometimes when we are lost in the day-to-day activities of life and work, we forget there is a part of us that wants to serve and make a difference in the world. It is also a good time to look for ways to express yourself through service to others.\nMost people want to live a life full of meaning. If you recognize you have a true desire to serve, voluntary work in the community and a spirit of giving can lead you to an understanding of what you care about, what your natural talents are, and what your life purpose is. It can start you on the path to a new life.\nTo live  your purpose as fully as possible, use your natural gifts when you serve others. If you are a naturally-born teacher, you could teach students who are struggling with basic reading skills. If you are good at encouraging people, you could visit people who are sick or in nursing home.\nMany of us forget how luck we are and how much support we have. When we reach out to others, we sometimes realize how our lives have been blessed. When you are aware of all the blessing  that you have received, you can understand your true ability to make a difference.\nService is a spirit for living as well as a set of actions. You live your life purpose every day. It's not just when you are volunteering at church or the local food bank. It's every time you interact with anyone. Through your actions, your words and your smiles, you have the capability to either uplift someone or put them down. Meaningful, purposeful lives are built every moment, not just in isolated times spent volunteering. Whether it's at work, in traffic, in the line at the grocery store, or at a concert, you have an opportunity to serve or change the world. Your efforts don't have to be extraordinary, but your life certainly will be.", "id": "high20633.txt"}