{"answers": ["C", "C", "B", "A"], "options": [["show us Peter Jackson is a most well-known directors", "tell us there is a famous person in New Zealand", "introduce some information about Peter Jackson", "tell some film stories made by Peter Jackson"], ["1961", "1970", "1987", "1969"], ["never went to school", "is a well-known director of horror-movies", "made two films in all", "has been working as a director since 1968"], ["on October 31,1961, in New Zealand", "on November 21, 1965, in New Zealand", "on May 14, 1968, in America", "on June 25, 987, in British"]], "questions": ["The purpose of the passage is to  _  .", "Jackson became recognized as a director in  _  .", "From the passage, Peter Jackson is a person who  _  .", "Peter Jackson was born  _  ."], "article": "Peter Jackson, currently one of the world's most well-known directors and the unofficial face of the entire nation of New Zealand, was born on October 31, 1961 in Pukerua Bay, New Zealand. He liked to take photographs, so a family friend bought the young   Jackson a super 8mm camera. He has been a filmmaker even since. At age nine he even attempted to remake his favorite film, King Kong, using his own stop-motion effect.\nUnlike many of the filmmakers working today, Jackson never went to film school. Instead he created his own short films with the help of family and friends. He was turned down for a job at the National Film Unit, New Zealand's government agency that produces tourist films about the country. With that avenue closed, Jackson began working other jobs to support himself, while shooting shorts on the weekend. One of these weekend films, expanded from its original ten minutes length into a feature film. The project took four years to complete (1983-1987)and was called Bad Taste.\nAfter the success of Bad Taste, Jackson became recognized as a director and the door to fame and fortune was opened. He gave up his job at a local photographer's shop and became a well-known director of horror-movies. The Lord of the Rings trilogy is obviously a huge  landmark in Jackson's career, not only did the films become some of the most commercially successful of all time,  _ His digital effects company, WETA Digital, became one of, if not the most respected effects company in the world; similarly, Jackson has also expressed an interest in returning to his roots and directing some lower-budget splatter films again.", "id": "high20645.txt"}