{"answers": ["B", "C", "D"], "options": [["The stable income.", "Good heath care.", "Practical profits.", "Low work stress level."], ["835.", "750.", "776.", "3,880."], ["Advantages of civil servants", "Deadline for applications", "Many applicants for one position", "Civil servant exam turns tougher"]], "questions": ["Which of the following could NOT be the reason for the attraction of civil servant?", "How many people on average will compete for one post provided by the secretariat of the Central Committee of the CPC this year?", "What would be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "The huge thirst for jobs in the civil service has made the national civil servant  exam one of China's most competitive tests. The first exam was held in 1995, and since then more and more people have signed up for it, with applications reaching a peak over the last two years.\nThe latest online survey, carried out by China Youth Daily and www.qq.com, found that more than 73 percent of young people want to work as civil servants. Of the 17,330 respondents, about 83 percent said they were attracted by the job's stability, guaranteed health care and pension . Meanwhile, 55 percent said it could bring \"practical profits\". Nearly 1 million people applied to take the exam last year, yet only just over 10,000 were finally employed.\nThis year the competition continued. The exact number of applicants is not known, with the final day for applications today. But the flood of applicants has already broken the exam's website once. China Youth Daily reported that the site was forced to close for  _ due to unusually high traffic on the night of October 16, which has never happened in the past.\nIn a typical year several hundred applicants will apply for many of the jobs listed. For example, the five job vacancies provided by the secretariat   of the Central Committee of the CPC have attracted more than 3,880 applicants this year. Positions as civil servants are attractive, not only because of the stable income and good health care, but also because of the low risks compared with the power and resources the positions enjoy. Among the total 6 million public servants, around 20,000 were dismissed between 1996 and 2007.", "id": "high20644.txt"}