{"answers": ["A", "C", "B", "D", "C"], "options": [["it's necessary for a school to have a library", "there are many learning places better than a library", "the school library is noisy and crowded in most cases", "electronic books are totally different from paper books"], ["hopes school libraries can provide more books", "often searches for information at the library", "suggests schools spend less money on books", "thinks students rely on paper books to learn"], ["takes more time", "interrupts  her imagination", "provides more information", "allows her to discuss with others"], ["Scott", "HayleyH", "Allie", "CM"], ["Scott and HayleH", "HayleH and Allie", "HayleH and CM", "Allie and CM"]], "questions": ["In Scott's opinion  _  .", "According to the text, HayleyH  _  .", "Allie believes that compared with book reading, screen reading  _  .", "Who prefers printed books when reading for fun?", "Which of the following share a similar attitude towards online research?"], "article": "After a discussion last week. \"Do SCHOOL Libraries Need Books?\" the comments from readers included some first-hand views from students. Below are excerpts  from their observations on how studying has changed and how they use libraries.\nIt makes little difference whether the books you are reading is electronic or paper. But if you want a place to read, a library is still the place to go. As a kid in school, I often avoid the study hall noises and go to the quiet school library. The library is a place. A learning place. Modern technology won't change the library as long as things are learned.\n-Scott\nBeing a student I am aware that many of us seldom look at the books in the library unless told to do so by a teacher as a requirement for an assignment. It takes time to find the very book you want at the library, and it may not be necessary to do so. More and more students, such as myself, use the internet for nearly every assignment. There are countless online resources for us to use with a click of the mouse. What's more, books are very expensive and schools could put that money towards charities.\n-Hayley H\nI hope schools continue to have libraries. As a student, I know there is a difference between reading something on a screen and something printed. When I read something in a book that I do not understand or want to look further into. I record it and will research later or discuss with someone. With a screen (especially online) I will instantly access the information and look into the question at hand, which interrupts my reading and especially my imagination.\n-Allie\nTo me, it depends on the purpose of the books. As a student, I prefer to do research online. Online research is faster and more efficient. But when I'm reading for pleasure, I  ly refuse to give up a real book. The tactile sensation and freedom that real books give you really makes the reading experience more enjoyable. So my suggestion is that schools have more digital collections for research and scholarly work, and a good selection of interesting and age-appropriate fiction and nonfiction for pleasure reading.\n-CM", "id": "high20649.txt"}