{"answers": ["D", "C", "C"], "options": [["a MA decree and a certificate", "a degree and three certificates", "a degree and two certificates", "a degree in education and a certificate"], ["faith in God", "related training and education", "interest in politics   .", "skills in communication"], ["He is a certified special education teacher", "He enjoys working with disabled teenagers", "He used to do large amounts of paperwork", "He tries to encourage people to become special teachers"]], "questions": ["To become a special teacher, one needs  _  .", "Which of the following will NOT help to become a special teacher?", "Which of the statement is NOT true about the author  _  ."], "article": "I have been a special education teacher for 17 years and I wish more people would get into special education.The position is very demanding and there is always a shortage of special education teachers.It is not an easy profession to get into. One needs a BA in education and then a special education certificate  such as a certificate in learning disabilities, emotional disabilities or cross categories which means covering all the subjects.A certified new special educate teacher needs to _ a current special education teacher for at least, a year because there is that much to know and practice.\nWorking with the students is the biggest reward.However, the paperwork is huge with  requesting more year after year.If you are good at doing about ten things at the same time, then you may be the right person for the job. No day is the same. Parent and government expectations are high. A sense of empathy(the ability of feeling and sharing another person's feelings) and one hundred percent prepared to help your students is important. Also, if you are a special education teacher working in the high school, it is your job to make sure your special education students are able to be employed after they graduate, and then the special education teacher needs to stay in touch with the special students a year after they graduate to make sure they are employed and can support themselves. Education is a very political field next to working in politics. One needs to know what to say, when to say it and make sure it is a benefit for everyone involved. It is a mixture of knowing medical diagnosis and teaching with that in mind. Your record needs to be perfect, and it would also help to be a very strong Christian because you will need to pray often to yourself. This position is not about the money but more of a service.", "id": "high20652.txt"}