{"answers": ["A", "D", "A", "B"], "options": [["drinking tea is a healthy habit", "new ways of drinking tea appear", "drinking tea is harmful to health", "people don't like to drink tea any more"], ["over 5 cups of tea a day damage your health", "drinking tea may cause some kinds of diseases", "tea shouldn't be drunk together with coffee or cocoa", "drinking tea helps prevent heart diseases"], ["can make you energetic", "gives you a good rest", "may cause heart attacks", "is more than that in coffee"], ["Tea and Disease", "Tea--a Healthy Drink", "Tea, Coffee and Cocoa", "Drink Tea or Coffee"]], "questions": ["Reports in the newspapers show that   _  .", "According to Dr. Carrie Ruxton,   _  .", "Caffeine in tea   _  .", "What would be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "We are so used to having a cup of tea before heading off to work, during work or after getting back from work. Tea breaks are more like a custom that takes place regularly several times a day. This tea break tradition has been happening during the past 200 years or so. Tea just happens to be a wonderful drink for most of us. The day simply feels incomplete without a hot cup of tea. However, is tea good for you?\nIn 2006, the papers were flooded with the news of research showing that drinking 2-3 cups of tea a day is as beneficial as drinking water, with even some additional health benefits. Another report published in November 2009, stated that drinking up to eight cups of tea a day is good for you. The research conducted by nutrition expert Dr. Carrie Ruxton, debunked the popular stories about caffeinated drinks like tea, coffee and cocoa. According to Dr. Ruxton, the caffeine present in tea tends to lower the risk of heart attacks and strokes. She says that drinking 8 cups of tea a day gives the drinkers \"the best levels of health-giving substances\" present in tea and other caffeinated drinks.\nContrary to popular belief that tea does not contain more caffeine than coffee, it actually contains almost half the amount. Caffeine is a natural thing found in many types of food and drink. It's also something that can give you a much needed lift for a demanding and tiring afternoon ahead. Research shows that proper amounts of caffeine are safe for most people.\nSo why not take full advantage of your tea breaks at work, or make time for afternoon tea while out shopping at the weekend? And remember that tea is not just a great drink, but it helps to keep you looking and feeling healthy.", "id": "high20669.txt"}