{"answers": ["D", "C", "B"], "options": [["Some countries where he could set up clinics.", "Some African countries where flu broke out.", "The places where the earthquakes happened.", "The places that the horrible disasters struck."], ["Tired and troublesome.", "Busy and risky.", "Meaningful and helpful", "Frightening and depressing."], ["the doctor's wife encouraged him to work in foreign countries.", "What the doctor said to his wife before her death became reality.", "The doctor's adventures made him understand the love of his wife.", "With the true love of his wife, the doctor started to change his life."]], "questions": ["Where has the doctor been in the past few years?", "How would the doctor describe his life after he had worked in Afghanistan?", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?"], "article": "My wife passed away a few years ago, and I went through the worst time in my life. I even wanted to kill myself. Just for kids, I had to continue to live and work as small-town doctor at my medical clinic in Hawaii. My kids had gone to live on the mainland, and I was alone. Then they asked me to have a family trip.\nOn our trip, we turned on the TV at the motel and saw the second plane crash into the World Trade Center. Seeing it falling down, I said to my kids: \"I'm going to Afghanistan\". And a few weeks later, international Medical Corps sent me to set up 20 clinics in provinces where people had no health care. In these field clinics surrounded by frightening shoots or deadly bombs, we were eventually serving 27,000 patients a month in a very busy schedule. Tired and nervous, I gradually had a sense of achievement, a sense of purpose, and my depression went away.\nIn the years to follow, I went to Indonesia after the tsunami, Pakistan after the earthquakes, Sudan after the civil warm and Iraq after more and more bombs. Each time after disasters one after another, hundreds of people were killed, wounded and many more had to flee. We once set up movable clinics in an area with 19,000  _ , and it was supposed to hold 13,000 originally. Flu broke out, one of the biggest killers of kids in refugee camps, and it spread like wildfire. Water and food were also serious problems. \"Adventures or not?\" I often asked myself.\nWhen my wife passed away, I thought my life was done. But in reality, it was just getting started. At the end of her life, she went unconscious. I held her head in my hands and told her of all the places we would visit and the exciting adventures we would have. \nI think about the moment many times during my \"adventures\". I didn't know how predictive those words would be.But I know that she is still with me.", "id": "high20663.txt"}