{"answers": ["D", "C", "B", "D", "A"], "options": [["most teens are poor in driving skills", "many teens like driving after drinking", "alcohol weakens the driving skills of teens", "teens' drunk driving causes deaths easily"], ["they think drinking is quite interesting", "they want to imitate adults around them.", "they want to fit in with the surroundings", "they don't think high school an important period"], ["To prove that alcohol is not an energy drink.", "To make the teens aware of the danger of drinking and keep from it.", "To analyze why the teens in high school are addicted to alcohol.", "To ask people to pay attention to the situation of teen drinking."], ["most teens in high schools like drinking", "teens who drink are mostly forced to do so", "one little sip of alcohol ruins one's memory", "the start of drinking potentially damages one's life"], ["Surrounding people and environment affects teens in drinking.", "Drinking is becoming very common in high schools.", "Drinking can make teens feel good for a long time.", "Drinking is bad to one's brain but good to one's body."]], "questions": ["The government is passing laws to restrict teen driving because   _  .", "Some students in high school start drinking mainly because   _  .", "What is the main purpose of the author writing this passage?", "Which of the following statements is true according to the passage?", "We may infer from the passage that   _  ."], "article": "Have you ever been offered an alcoholic drink? What about someone saying \"Don't worry, just have one little sip\"? Most people have their first drink by the time they're 13. That first drink can be the start of a troubled life.\nDrinking can make teens feel good, but that lasts only a short time. Alcohol clouds your brain and limits your ability to make decisions. Excessive drinking gradually makes your brain shrink and can cause serious damage. Over-drinking can cause learning disabilities and damage your memory. It distorts your vision and leads to blackouts. Teenagers often think that drinking will give you more energy, but alcohol isn't an energy drink; it's a depressant.\nDrinking and driving is one of the top causes of death for teen boys. An alcohol-related motor vehicle crash kills one person every 33 minutes and injures someone every two minutes. The rate of teenagers driving drunk is so high that the government is trying to pass new laws restricting teen driving.\nWhen we get to high school, friends start pressuring us to drink. High school students see alcohol as glamorous and a way to become popular. I created a survey at my school. Twenty-four of the 63 respondents predicted they would drink in high school. Eleven said maybe, and 28 said they don't plan on drinking.\nRegardless of what they say now, things can change. Teens starting high school want to fit in. Some people will do anything to be accepted, including potentially(,) hurting themselves. They think that one drink won't do anything. A little bit of alcohol probably won't kill you, but it can lead to poor decisions. High school is the time to experiment with what you want to do in life, but if you're experimenting with alcohol you could hurt someone, including yourself. (300 words)", "id": "high20662.txt"}