{"answers": ["C", "C", "B", "A"], "options": [["They feared the terrorists would escape.", "They were not quite sure who on earth made the attacks.", "They were worried that they would lose the coming election.", "They attempted to get rid of all ETA members."], ["Zapatero used to be a good lawyer.", "The chance of Zapatero's victory was always very high.", "The public got to know the truth about the bombings and became worried.", "Zapatero received some support from the US."], ["There would be more terrorist attacks in Spain.", "Some more countries would bring their troops home.", "The US would also follow Spain's lead and pull their armies out of Iraq.", "The situation in Iraq would become better after Spain's move."], ["Zapatero won the election and became Prime Minister of Spain.", "a series of bomb attacks happened in Madrid.", "Spain got its troops out of Iraq.", "the US feels worried about Spain's move out of Iraq."]], "questions": ["Why did the Spanish government try to hide the truth from the public at first?", "What do you think mainly led to Zapatero's winning in the election?", "What do you think would probably happen after Sapin's move out of Iraq.", "The main idea of the passage is that   _  ?"], "article": "When the US started the war in Iraq a year ago, Spain was a firm supporter. But on April 18, the Spanish government started to remove its troops, becoming the first country in the US-led coalition   to bring its soldiers home. The person behind this surprise move is the new Spanish prime minister, Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero.\nA few months ago, he was hardly known outside his small hometown in northern Spain. Even a week before last month's general election, Zapatero was still considered an outsider for the top job. But just three days before the vote, a series of bomb attacks on three train stations in Madrid killed 191 people and injured some 1,900. It was Spain's worst ever terrorist attack and it changed everything -- even making Zapatero prime minister.\nFrom the beginning, the 43-year-old former lawyer, knew the weaknesses of Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar and his hand-picked successor, Mariano Rajoy. About 90 per cent of the Spanish people were against the war in Iraq and were unhappy that Aznar had taken them into it. So Zapatero promised: \"If this party wins the election and the UN still can't take charge in Iraq, the new government will pull its 1,400 troops out of Iraq.\"\nDespite focusing on this and other Aznar mistakes, Zapatero's chances of victory were still thin until the Madrid bombings. At first, the government blamed ETA, a separatist terror group from the Basque region of northern Spain. But later evidence suggested the attack was carried out by al-Qaida members angry at Spain's presence in Iraq.\nThe people were upset, and they showed this by voting for Zapatero. Many accused the government of covering up information about the bombings and only blaming ETA so it wouldn't lose to an anti-war vote. In a move that was as shocking to the world as his election victory, Zapatero chose to carry out his promise the day after he took office. And its effect could be long-lasting. As the situation in Iraq worsens, several countries are considering their positions. The US is worried that other coalition members might follow Spain's lead and also bring their soldiers home.", "id": "high20671.txt"}