{"answers": ["C", "C", "C"], "options": [["There are hundreds of miles of new bike lanes in 21\n stcentury New York City.", "Drivers slow down their cars and bikes are taken off the sidewalk in New York.", "Bikes are used as a means of transport in 21\n stcentury New York City.", "It's possible to make the streets safe for pedestrians in New York."], ["Drivers lose parking spots and lanes for cars.", "The two-way bike lane is dangerous to older residents.", "We took what used to be a full street so the road is broader than before.", "The removal of one bike lane through a neighbourhood in Brooklyn was not supported by the majority of New Yorkers."], ["Ride on National Bike-to-Work Day", "A New Bike Lane Appears in New York", "A Bike Lane Divides New Yorkers", "Who Wins an Election"]], "questions": ["What does Aaron mean by saying \"This is what 21stcentury New York City looks like.\"?", "According to the passage, which of the following CANNOT support the opponents of these new bike lanes?", "What of the following might be the best title of the passage?"], "article": "Today is National Bike-to-Work Day. And on New York City's jammed streets, people are cycling on hundreds of miles of new bike lanes. But New York's widespread efforts to make streets safer for bikes have also left some locals complaining about the loss of parking spots and lanes for cars.\nWhen the weather is good, Aaron Naparstek likes to pedal his two young kids to school on a special Dutch-made bicycle. Naparstek supports the new lane.\nAaron: The bike lane on Prospect Park West is really introducing a lot of new people to the idea that it's possible to use a bike in New York City for transportation or to travel around. This is what 21stcentury New York City looks like.\nProspect Park West is still a one-way road, but where it used to have three lanes of car traffic, now it has two, plus a protected bike lane. Supporters say that makes the road safer for everyone, including pedestrians, by slowing down cars and taking bikes off the sidewalk. But some longtime residents disagree. Lois Carswell is president of a group called Seniors for Safety. She says the two-way bike lane is dangerous to older residents who are used to one-way traffic.\nLois: We wanted a lane -- the right kind of lane that would keep everybody safe, that would keep the bikers safe. But we want it to be done the right way. And it has not been done the right way.\nCraig Palmer builds bars and restaurants in Manhattan. I was interviewing him for a different story when he brought up the bike lanes all on his own.\nCraig: I think the biggest problem is that Bloomberg put all these bike lanes in. You took what used to be a full street and you're shrinking it.\nThen there are the Hasidic Jews in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, who forced the city to remove a bike lane through their neighborhood. But polls show that the majority of New Yorkers support bike lanes by a margin of 56% to 39%. Bicycle advocate Caroline Samponaro of Transportation Alternatives calls that _ \nCaroline: If this was an election, we would have already had our victory. The public has spoken and they keep speaking. And I think, more importantly, the public is starting to vote with their pedals.", "id": "high2068.txt"}