{"answers": ["A", "C", "D"], "options": [["miracles are predestined and they can happen anywhere", "whoever helps you in trouble will get a reward one day", "God will help those who give others a helping hand", "miracles won't come without any difficulty sometimes"], ["He was hit on the face by a boy and almost lost his life", "He was a volunteer junior firefighter, teaching the players first-aid skills", "He worked part-time in a local restaurant to save money for college", "He saved Penny Brown though he didn't really know how to deal with food choke"], ["She was invited to give the players directions", "She volunteered to give medical services", "She was a little worried about his son's safety", "She came to watch her son's game and cheered him"]], "questions": ["The author wrote the passage to show us that   _  .", "Which of the following statements is True of Kevin Stephan?", "Why did Penny Brown change her shift and was given the night off that night?"], "article": "Some say everyday miracles   are predestined  ----the right time for the appointed meeting. And it can happen anywhere. \nIn 2001, 11-year-old Kevin Stephan was a bat boy for his younger brother's Little League team in Lancaster, New York. It was an early evening in late July. Kevin was standing on the grass away from the plate, where another youngster was warming up for the next game. Swinging his bat back and forth, giving it all the power an elementary school kid could give. The boy brought the bat back hard and hit Kevin in the chest. His heart stopped. \nWhen Kevin fell to the ground, the mother of one of the players rushed out of the stands to his aid. Penny Brown hadn't planned to be there that day, but at the last minute, her shift   at the hospital had been changed to see her son's performance. She was given the night off. Penny bent over the senseless boy, his face already starting to turn blue, and giving CPR, breathing into his mouth and giving chest compressions. And he  _ in the end.\nAfter his recovery, he became a volunteer junior firefighter, learning some of the emergency first-aid techniques that had saved his life. He studied hard in school and was saving money for college by working as a dishwasher in a local restaurant in his spare time. \nKevin, now 18, was working in the kitchen when he heard people screaming, customers in confusion, employees rushing toward a table. He hurried into the main room and saw a woman there, her face turning blue, her hands at her throat. She was choking. \nQuickly Kevin stepped behind her, wrapped his arms around her and clasped his hands. Then, using skills he'd first learned in Scouts. The food that was trapped in the woman's throat was freed. The color1 began to return to her face. \n\"The food was stuck. I couldn't breathe,\" she said. She thought she was dying. \"I was very frightened.\" \nWho was the woman? \nPenny Brown.", "id": "high20684.txt"}