{"answers": ["A", "A", "C"], "options": [["communication is more important than intelligence", "human beings are always more intelligent than animals", "humans should have the sense of protecting animals", "the blue whale is the largest animal in the world"], ["They become separated from other people and lose their support.", "They often can't get higher positions though they are intelligent.", "They can't persuade those stupid people to accept their ideas.", "They often can't make good use of their advantages."], ["great achievements", "more enjoyable", "failure in the future", "surely successful"]], "questions": ["The example of \"the blue whale\" is used to show   _  .", "What makes the intelligent people lose their confidence?", "We can infer that the end result of the supposed intelligent people would be   _  ."], "article": "The world has changed and being intelligent isn't normally equal to being a successful person. Look at the example of the blue whale: it has a huge brain, but it still doesn't know how to avoid whalers or use its large size and weight to deal with those who try to use their body for profit. Scientists hold an opinion that the blue whale is just like some highly intelligent people who fail to succeed. Those highly intelligent people can't succeed in life because they can't communicate well with the world around them.\nIntelligence is a word in life that makes you think you are better than others. Intelligence can blind these very people from how others view them. These people also think that the route to power and success results purely from intelligence and they sometimes live in a fantasy world that they create by their supposed brain power. \nThis is a distance that develops whether or not they realize it and sometimes, a person can be disliked simply because of his or her intelligence. This distance is sometimes so far apart that it gets to the position where they can't listen to each other. One side thinks the other is stupid and the other thinks he/she is haughty . And most of the time it is the intelligent people who lose themselves in this situation. They become unpopular with most of the people around them. This affects them in whatever they do and sooner or later they will lose their confidence. \nIt doesn't help that they get a culture shock --- especially when they leave college and realize success and richness don't always and sometimes never come naturally with intelligence. While some might think this is a dramatic picture to paint, it is sometimes the end result of some people.", "id": "high20715.txt"}