{"answers": ["B", "B", "D", "D"], "options": [["It was recorded that pirates started to attack ships in Somalia in the 13th century.", "Back in the mid-20th century pirates did not appear so harmful as today's.", "Once a ship is attacked, it will be hijacked by pirates.", "In the 13th century, pirates only targeted famous or important persons."], ["has spread to all corners of the world", "is more like terrorism and disturbs regional peace", "has become a key business for some poor countries", "has become the UN's top concern"], ["it is impossible to fight with piracy", "no country has the determination to fight with pirates", "no ships will be found in the Somalia area before the disappearance of pirates", "more measures will be taken to fight with pirates"], ["draw your attention to the history of piracy", "analyze how piracy has changed these years", "give you a description of the development of piracy", "inform you of the importance and necessity to fight piracy"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is TRUE about piracy?", "Unlike before, piracy nowadays  _  .", "We can infer from the passage that", "The article is written to"], "article": "Linking the Red Sea to the Indian Ocean, the blue waters of the Gulf of Aden near Somalia are one of the most important trading routes in the world. But they are also the most feared.\n      Pirates   whose targets are ships and their crew often show up there. On September 25, a Ukrainian ship carrying 30 tanks became another victim.\n      The pirates have reportedly killed one of the crewmen and are now surrounded by the US Navy. But they are still demanding $ 20 million for the release of the ship.\n      This year alone, more than 50 ships have been attacked, 25 hijacked  , and 14 are currently being held.\n     Of course this is nothing new either. Ever since there has been water and ships there have been pirates. The earliest documented history of pirates dates back to the 13th century in the Mediterranean Sea. Even the famous Roman emperor Julius Caesar was kidnapped   by pirates at one time.\n     Piracy reached its peak in the early l700s, especially in the Caribbean and off the coast of Africa. In the mid-20th-century, most pirates we're common thieves. They used hooks to steal on board commercial ships, and took all that they could find. These pirates were more likely to flee than fight if met by the crew.\n     However, nowadays piracy has become a multi-million dollar business attracting many in poor countries such as Somalia. \"The pirates are well funded and have all the latest equipment, including satellite phones,\" said a top UN representative in Somalia.\n     In Asia, however, a trend started where pirates didn't just want to kidnap the stuff, they also wanted to control the ship. They would kill the crewmembers or kidnap them for ransom  . After the recent kidnapping of Ukrainian ship, people are also worrying that tanks and arms on board would fall into hands of terrorists.\n     Last week the UN called a meeting from all affected countries to fight piracy. \"The international community is determined to stop these pirates who are weakening efforts to bring peace to Somalia. This cannot and will not be allowed to continue,\" a representative said.", "id": "high20724.txt"}