{"answers": ["D", "D", "C"], "options": [["some ways to listen carefully", "some new memorizing skills", "some methods for reading complex works", "some good learning skills"], ["show the difference between people in learning ability", "explain the difficulty in memorizing poems", "teach people how to memorize a poem quickly", "introduce the main topic -- learning skills"], ["Listening to whatever you are reading.", "Reading all passages at slow speed.", "Taking an active part in your reading.", "Reading the last sentence of each paragraph"]], "questions": ["The passage mainly tells us   _  .", "The example of Sheela and Nisha is used to   _  .", "Which of the following is advised by the author?"], "article": "Sheela spent three days memorizing a poem for an oral test, but her friend Nisha merely scanned a new poem twice before reciting it from memory! Why then was there a difference? Nisha just knew how to learn better than Sheela. She had increased the ability of her brain by using some skills. Here are some steps to better learning.\nPreview the matter first: That is,  _ l. You can understand more if you first scan it or skim over it quickly. Read the first sentence of each paragraph, and glance at the table of contents and the preface.\nSlow down and read it aloud to yourself: Speed reading is fine for easy material but for more complex works, slower reading is much more effective. Good learners vocalize  , either loudly or in their minds, listening to each word as they read. They also actively think about what they read and take in it.\nOrganize facts into categories: For instance, if you have to memorize a  _ list containing names of animals, types of transport, items of clothing and kinds of jobs, it is easier if you divide them into groups or categories. Dividing it into smaller, meaningful parts makes it easier to learn.\nBe focused: To improve concentration   and focus, fix a particular time and place for studying. Use a variety of methods, like writing down what you've read or taping it and then listening to it, or making an outline.\nFollow your own learning style: Each person has his own way of learning. lf given the pieces of an object to assemble  , each of us uses a different method to arrive at the same result. Analyze your approach and follow the method that you feel most comfortable with.", "id": "high20799.txt"}