{"answers": ["A", "D", "D"], "options": [["a terrible animal that is not popular", "a cultural and spiritual symbol of good luck", "a reflection of China's national characteristics", "an animal that can create harmony and bring rain"], ["China.", "Wales.", "Bhutan.", "India."], ["The national rugby team from the South Africa is well known as the Wallabies.", "The Australian team is known as Springboks, a type of kangaroo.", "The New Zealanders are commonly known as kiwis only when playing sports.", "The dragon is mentioned to have been used on the flag in two countries."]], "questions": ["In the opinion of the west, the dragon is   _  .", "Which of the following does NOT use the dragon as its national symbol?", "According to the passage, which of the following statements is TRUE?"], "article": "When many people in the west think of China, the animal that they think of is the dragon. For them, the dragon is an aggressive monster that breathes fire. Many popular legends tell how dragons have killed brave knights and eaten beautiful young girls.\nFor Chinese people, however, the dragon is not an evil monster. It's a cultural and spiritual symbol for prosperity and good luck. The dragon's main task is to create harmony and bring rain. Dragons are celebrated in art and architecture, and of course the dragon dance is a very popular ritual  .\nChina isn't the only country to have the dragon as its symbol. Wales in the UK, has a red dragon proudly displayed on its flag. Another country in the world with a dragon on its flag is Bhutan, a tiny country between China and India.\nAlmost all countries in the world have an animal symbol representing their countries. This is particularly obvious during sports. The English think lions to be brave and proud animal and the English football teams have three lions on their football shirts.\nAustralia is famous for kangaroos, of course. The national rugby team is more commonly known as the Wallabies, a type of small kangaroo.The South African team is known as the Springboks, a type of African antelope. Likewise the New Zealanders, whether playing sports or not, are commonly known as kiwis. A kiwi is a native New Zealand bird that can't fly.\nAll countries are proud of their symbols, which they feel reflect national characteristics or the beauty and variety of their natural environments. Recently, a Shang hai professor claimed that using the dragon as a national symbol could make western countries have a negative view of China. But in an Internet survey 90% of Chinese people wanted to keep the dragon.", "id": "high2079.txt"}