{"answers": ["B", "C", "A", "B"], "options": [["Polycap was tested for its five different combinations.", "Polycap was proved basically safe and effective.", "All the participators had at least one symptom of heart disease.", "Participators were required !o come from different ages and ethnic groups,"], ["is generally accepted by heart doctors", "mainly consists of medicines to lower blood pressure", "is certain to play important role in heart disease prevention", "will be cheaper than other common medicines to treat heart disease"], ["old people", "low - income people", "overweight people", "diabetic people"], ["Different opinions about heart disease prevention.", "A combination pill may cut heart disease risk in half.", "A combination pill cures blood pressure and bad cholesterol.", "Cardiovascular diseases are the number one killer in the world."]], "questions": ["Which of the following about Doctor Ysisuf's experiment on Polycap in India is True?", "From the passage, we can infer that Polycap  _  .", "According to the passage, the following people are more likely to get Cardiovascular disease except  _  .", "What would be the best tide for the passage?"], "article": "Studies have shown that the fewer medicines a person has to take the more likely he or she will take them. Last week, a study was released about a new treatment that combines 5 medicines for heart disease in one pill. Salim Yusuf of McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada was the lead investigator. He presented the findings at the American College of Cardiology Conference in Orlando, Florida.\nThe experimental drug is known as Polycap. It contains aspirin, a drug to lower cholesterol  and three medicines to lower blood pressure. The study was carried out at 50 health centers across India. More than two thousand people between the ages of 45 and 80 took part in the study. All had at least one risk factor for heart disease. These include high blood pressure, high cholesterol, diabetes or being severely overweight.\nThe people were divided into 9 groups of about 200 people each. One group took Polycap. The other groups took either a single drug or different combinations of the medicines in the Polycap pill. The study showed that Polycap lowered blood pressure and cholesterol without many side effects. Doctor Yusuf said the single pill, taken once a day, could reduce the average person's risk of heart disease and stroke by about half. The maker of Polycap, Cadila Pharmaceuticals of India, paid for the study.\nCardiovascular diseases  of the heart and blood vessels are the number one cause of death around the world. These diseases kill more than seventeen million people every year. 80 percent of them are in low and middle income countries. Doctor Yusuf said the single pill treatment could revolutionize heart disease prevention. People would be more likely to take one pill a day than many pills. And one pill would cost less than several pills.\nOther heart doctors say heart disease prevention is important but not necessarily with pills. They say patients might be able to get the same results with changes in diet and exercise.\nDoctors say that more research on Polycap is needed. They say the drug should be tested on thousands more people, including those in different risk, age and ethnic groups.", "id": "high20797.txt"}