{"answers": ["D", "B"], "options": [["about 1.5 feet", "less than 4 feet", "about 2 feet", "more than 12 feet"], ["Public Zone", "Social Zone", "Personal Zone", "intimate Zone"]], "questions": ["In a less crowded place, an American usually keeps a stranger at a distance of  _  .", "If eight people sit in a room and all of them don't talk directly with one another, they prefer  _  ."], "article": "We like to keep our distance from others and there are very specific social rules about how close we can go to others in particular situations. The social distances here are approximate, of course and will vary with people. But they are still a good general rule. Hall identified four zones that are common for Americans:\nPublic Zone: >12 feet. The public zone is generally over 12 feet. That is, when we're walking around town, we'll try to keep at least 12 feet between us and other people. Of course there're many times when we cannot do this. We'll start to notice other people who are with in this distance. The closer they get, the more we become aware.\nSocial Zone:4-12 feet. Within the social zone, we start to feel a connection with other people. When they're closer, then we can talk with them without having to shout, but still keep them at a safe distance. This is a comfortable distance for people who are standing in a group but maybe not talking directly with one another.  \nPersonal Zone: 1.5-4feet. In the personal zone, the conversation gets more direct, and this is a good distance for two people who are talking seriously about something.\nIntimate Zone: <1.5 feet. When a person is within arm's reach or closer, then we can touch them in intimate ways. Romance of all kinds happens in this space. Entering intimate zone of somebody else can be very threatening.\nThe rules about social distances vary with different groups of people. People who live in towns spend more time close to one another. In a large and crowded city, the distances will be less than in a small town. Different countries also have different rules about social distances. Watch a Japanese person talking at a party with a person from a Western country. The Japanese will step in and the Westerner will step back. Speeded up, it's like a dance around the room.", "id": "high20801.txt"}