{"answers": ["D", "C"], "options": [["The popularity of American pop culture", "The history of American pop culture", "The influence of American pop culture", "The introduction to American pop culture"], ["English plays an important part in spreading American culture", "English is the most important language in the world", "McDonald's is a kind of typical American pop culture", "pop culture reflects the true culture of America in some way"]], "questions": ["What is the best title for the passage?", "According to the passage, the following statements are true EXCEPT   _  ."], "article": "When you think of American culture, what first comes to your mind? McDonald's? Coca Cola? Disneyland? Michael Jordan? Many people imagine American culture is a collection of popular symbols like these. Actually, these symbols are only one small part of American culture--pop culture.\nWhat is pop culture? Well, pop is short for popular. The origins of pop culture can often be traced to popular movies, television shows, music stars and sports figures. Pop culture is also promoted  by business and advertising. The most common examples of American pop culture appear among high school and college students. Trends set by famous personalities quickly become part of young people's lifestyles.\nAmerican pop culture has spread around the world. One major reason for its popularity is that English is a universal language. English is the language of diplomacy , international business and transportation. Since language and culture go together, learning English means becoming aware of English-speaking cultures. Also, America is a world leader in movies, music and magazines. The kind of American culture communicated in those media is pop culture. Finally, pop culture is easy to package and to export. For that reason, it is easy to \"sell\" to the world.\nMany people assume that American pop culture is what America is all about. Does pop culture reflect the true culture of America? Yes and no. Pop culture does represent a part of American society--especially urban young people. But American pop culture is  _ and ever-changing. It is an artificial  and superficial  picture of America. If you want to learn about real American culture, you'll have to go a little farther than McDonald's.", "id": "high20819.txt"}