{"answers": ["A", "D"], "options": [["People can buy all kinds of camping things there.", "The products there are cheaper.", "There are many branch shops all over the country.", "The shop assistants are enthusiastic."], ["In a shopping list.", "In a literary newspaper.", "In a medicine magazine.", "In a tour guide."]], "questions": ["Why is Camping World so popular in the US?", "Where can you often find this passage?"], "article": "If you are into camping, then Camping World is a store that you would be familiar with. People from all over the US have reported that once they have been to one of the Camping World stores. They usually do not have to go anywhere else as the store meets all their shopping requirements for camping.\nCamping World opened for business in 1966 and it was an instant success. Today the store has a huge presence both online and offline and has also become one of America's biggest supplier of camping equipment. If you would like to make your purchase online, take a quick cyber visit to their website. You will find every product related to camping each listed under their respective category.\nEverybody that loves camping has his or her own individual story to tell. Choosing camping equipment is also a somewhat personal exercise and no matter what you have planned, you can probably do with all the suggestions and help from the friendly staff at Camping World to make your camping experience even more special. Even if you were planning your very first camping trip, the wealth of camping knowledge from everyone at Camping World would surely be of great help to any novice . \nIf any item is camping based or to be used outdoors, then Camping World will have it. If you are planning to build a campfire, then Camping World has got the items to make that happen for you. If you were worried that you will be bitten by insects, then you would be able to choose from a wide range of insect repellents . You name it, and they stock it. It also goes without saying that you will find your multitude of tents to choose from, countless shades of all shapes and sizes, first aid kits and even wireless weather stations. All you need to do is find a perfect camping spot and pay a visit to Camping World and let one of their friendly staff assist you.", "id": "high20818.txt"}