{"answers": ["C", "D"], "options": [["is the way people respond to risk", "is the order to evacuate or shut down mass transit systems", "was the name of a hurricane", "was the author of the passage"], ["people fear the storm more than they need to", "a dangerous storm will become less damaging if forecast accurately", "people are always prepared for risks that happen without warning", "It's reasonable to be aware of risk facing us"]], "questions": ["From the passage, we can know that Irene  _  .", "According to the passage, one of the lessons learnt from this storm is   _  ."], "article": "Many of the 85 million people in Irene's path -- from the Carolinas to Maine -- had not experienced hurricanes, or had only been through storms that were weaker, smaller and less damaging. For those unfamiliar with severe hurricanes, Irene was either abstract or not particularly frightening, something to get excited about more than to fear.  \nGiven that the way we perceive  and respond to risk is affective --not merely objectively analytical, but the sum of the facts and how scary those facts feel -- it was likely that many people might be ignorant of the storm's threat.\nSo it was heartening to see how many did in fact take the warnings to heart and prepared. The long lines at grocery stores, the high demand for batteries and bottled water, and even the patience and understanding about local government orders to evacuate  or shut down mass transit systems, show that people took the potential danger seriously.\nThere are two possible lessons from this storm. As much as our affective risk perception system can sometimes produce a dangerous \"perception gap\" between our fears and the facts -- when we sometimes fear more than we need to, or less than we should -- it's also reasonably good at recognizing risk when  _ . Though most of us didn't lose power, we know that 7 million people did. Though most of us did not suffer property damage, we know that millions did. Most of us did not lose loved ones, but we know that at least 21 families did. We know hurricanes can be dangerous, even if for many of us this one wasn't.\nThe other lesson is that rare risks do hide and can spring up with little or no warning, and few of us are prepared for those. Remember the East Coast earthquake last week?  \nIt might have been annoying to wait in line for hours for those extra D batteries or food supplies, but it was careful to do so, and it's a good idea to keep them on hand. Just because a risk might not be staring us in the face or feel all that scary, it doesn't mean that it doesn't make sense to be ready. Just in case.", "id": "high20815.txt"}