{"answers": ["D", "A", "D"], "options": [["helping to bring about a revolution", "changing the process of our society", "making our nation more stable", "influencing and fixing the nature of our civilization"], ["the boom of our economy", "the stability of our nation", "the continuation of a free society", "the security of our society"], ["A student should understand the relation of basic research to applied research.", "Science instruction should make career possibilities in technical fields known to students.", "Confidence in the procedures for seeking knowledge is among the \"scientific attitudes\".", "The scientific process and the knowledge produced can be considered to be the purpose."]], "questions": ["During the last two decades, science has been   _  .", "All the following are related to the discoveries of science and the application of them EXCEPT   _  .", "Which of the following statements is NOT mentioned in the passage?"], "article": "The very great success in science just before and after the midpoint of the twentieth century has caused educators in the United States to realize that science teaching in the future must differ from science teaching in the past. During the past twenty years, science has played an important part in shaping the character of our civilization. The welfare, stability, and security of our nation and the continuation of a free society are closely related to the discoveries of science and the applications of these discoveries. The scientific revolution we are beginning to experience, together with the trend toward world industrialization, demands a program of science education with new emphasis, purpose, and content. Simply knowing about the existence of the scientific enterprise is not enough for effective citizenship.\nYoung people need to understand how our society depends upon scientific and technological advancement and to realize that science is a basic part of modern living. The scientific process and the knowledge produced cannot be considered to be  _ in themselves, except for the classic scientists. A student should understand the relation of basic research to applied research, and the connection between technological developments and human affairs. More of technology than science will be involved in social decisions, but both are important in public policy.\nThe knowledge and methods of science are of little importance if there is no inclination(,) to use them properly. An open mind, a desire for accurate  knowledge, confidence in the procedures for seeking knowledge, and the expectation that the solution of problems will come from the use of tested and proven knowledge are among the \"scientific attitudes\".\nScience instruction should acquaint  students with career possibilities in technical fields and in science teaching. A continuous effort should be made to identify and encourage those who develop special interests. They should be given opportunities for some direct experience of a professional nature; they should also learn about the extent of the various science fields and how these fields are related to each other. But it is even more important for young people to acquire those skills and abilities that will enable them to take the responsibilities for expanding their own learning.", "id": "high20822.txt"}