{"answers": ["C", "B", "B", "A"], "options": [["by a robot maid", "by one major appliance in the house", "with little or no human effort", "in a shorter time"], ["work at the same time", "communicate with each other", "act as a bridge between consumers and manufacturers", "work more effectively"], ["only in the kitchen and the living room", "in all rooms in the house", "in bathrooms first", "without the aid of the Internet"], ["only need ordinary electronics and appliances", "have to buy consumer products from a special manufacturer", "have to buy their appliances on the Internet", "make their electronics and appliances smart first"]], "questions": ["In the near future, all housework will be done   _  .", "Because of smart home technology, electronics and appliances can  _  .", "Smart home technology can be applied   _  in the future.", "In order to take advantage of smart home technology, people   _  ."], "article": "In the near future, all housework will be done without having a robot maid. Smart home technology will allow all sorts of electronics and appliances  to be able to communicate with each other and perform various tasks. Whenever someone wants to have a snack, but does not feel like making something, why not have the refrigerator suggest something based on what it has inside of it. Not only that, it would communicate with the microwave to prepare the cooking power and time for that particular dish. \n  Nearly all major appliances in the future will take advantage of this technology through home networks and the Internet. Smart home technology is a way for ordinary electronics and appliances to communicate with each other, consumers, and even manufacturers. Many consider a smart home to be one that is networked. Others feel it is a home that has appliances that will allow the consumer to do little or no work, but a smart home really is all of that combined, and more. Not only will all consumer products be networked, but they will also make life easier and more entertaining. Smart home technology is currently being developed and carried out for all rooms in the house, in particular the kitchen and the living room.\n  Many of today's products are becoming \"smart.\" Kitchen refrigerators, microwaves, and stoves are using this technology. Even washers and dryers have the technology today to be more automated  to fit people's needs. Products in the bathroom will even start to use smart home technology. Electric razors, toilets, and showers will have some sort of automation built in. Smart home technology is still in its early stages but will soon make a great effect on everyone's lives.", "id": "high20821.txt"}