{"answers": ["C", "A"], "options": [["Because they thought the earthquake was slight.", "Because they thought the earthquake was just aftershocks.", "Because they didn't take the shake seriously.", "Because there were no signs of earthquake at that time."], ["over-reacting", "stupid", "foolish", "reasonable"]], "questions": ["Why did the author and his colleagues still keep working when the building began to shake?", "At first, the staff's response in another building struck the author as \"  _  \"."], "article": "Earthquake is not an unfamiliar word to us as it is frequently covered on the news report. However, I never have the idea that it will take place in my city. But the truth is that it happened.\nWhen the building began to shake, I thought it was dizziness   caused by long-time nonstop work and colleagues also kept silent till one of them shouted, \"The chair is shaking.\" Then we came to understand it was not personal feelings, and we started to find the reason--the weak foundation of the building, or earthquake (in a joking tone), but we still kept doing what was in hand.\nIt was kind of  _ when I looked back, because of our slow reaction and stupid response. It was said that the staff in another building next to us all ran out of the building with their handbags; some of them even drove away. On hearing that, I thought it was a bitexaggeration . Did they really have to do so? It was only 20-second mild shaking. But now, when I totally get to know what happened, I change my mind. It is not over-reacting, but natural self-protection response. Luckily it's only the aftershocks; otherwise I guess I would be frightened to death. The aftershocks make me think what I'm going to do in case of earthquake, which I would never give a second thought before. I don't know what's on their mind for people who are on the spot of the earthquake, be frightened, at a loss, or simply running away, or trying to get contact with friends or... It is hard to imagine the picture and even harder to imagine what's next.\nFor the first time, I have the feeling of insecurity. Humans are so fragile when they face the sudden disasters.", "id": "high20827.txt"}