{"answers": ["B", "C"], "options": [["the queen is rich in tour experience", "the Castle is a good place to go in Scotland", "tasting whisky is better than going fishing", "1873 is a special year for the queen"], ["The Inverlochy Castle Hotel.", "The beauty of its surroundings.", "The water from the mountain.", "The challenge up to its top."]], "questions": ["The story of Queen Victoria is to show that   _  .", "What is Ben Nevis special for?"], "article": "There is no better way to enjoy Scottish traditions than going fishing and tasting a little whisky at a quiet place like the Inverlochy Castle. When Queen Victoria visited the in 1873 she wrote in her diary, \"I never saw a lovelier  spot ,\" And she didn't even go fishing.\nScotland is not easily defined. In certain moments, this quiet land of lakes and grass mountains changes before your very eyes. When evening gently sweeps the hillside into orange ,the rivers, teeming with fish, can turn into streams of gold . As  you settle down with just a people and a basket on the bank of River Orchy, near the  Inverlochy castle , any frustration  will float away as gently as the circling water. It's just you and purple , pink ,white flowers, a perfect harmony . If you are a new comer to fishing, Learning the basics form a fishing    leave you with a lifetime's fun. Four many, fishing is more than a sport; it is an art\nScotland offers interesting place where you can rest after a long day's fishing. Set      wild mountain and hidden behind woodland , the beautiful  Inverlochy Castle Hotel below the    a perfect place to see the beauty of Scotland's mountains . Ben Nevis is the highest of  mountains , and reaching its 1342-metre top is a challenge . But it's not just what goes    matters; what comes down is unique .  More than 900  metres high,  on the mountain's north    an all-important source of pure water. Its name comes form the Gaelic language \"usqueb    \"water of life\"; And it is the single most important ingredient  in scotland's best know whisky.", "id": "high20838.txt"}