{"answers": ["A", "C", "D", "C", "D"], "options": [["Lively.", "Sorry.", "Angry.", "Exeicted."], ["She was energetic while visiting the refugees.", "She won an Oscar for playing in Girl Interrupted", "She gave up acting and became a voluntary UN ambassador.", "Her parents' divorce left a shadow in her mind."], ["didn't bring Jolie any fame", "didn't make Jolie rich", "made Jolie tired of the society", "didn't make her content"], ["acts the leading role of Alexander in a new film at the moment", "has adopted another child in Cambodia", "has been to Cambodia more than once", "was elected to be a UN ambassador and work in Asia"], ["A film star deserted by her parents", "A UN ambassador in refugee camps", "An adoptive mother", "A film star, in two worlds"]], "questions": ["How does Angelina Jolie feel while staying with homeless people?", "Which is NOT true about Angelina Jolie?", "The success of the film Girl Interrupted   _  .", "From the article we can learn that Angelina Jolie   _  .", "Which is the best title for the passage?"], "article": "With her adopted son, she travels the world making movies and dispensing  hope. Angelina Jolie lives in two worlds: Hollywood, where she makes movies and stays in five-star hotels, and the refugee  camps of Africa and Asia, where she works with the UN, bringing hope to the homeless. She feels most alive, most herself, she says, working with refugees, yet still feel grateful for life. \nAt 24, Jolie won an Oscar for playing in Girl Interrupted, but found little satisfac-tion in stardom or the wealth that came with it. The daughter of actor Jon Voight and actress Marcheline Bertrand, she had already seen the downside of celebrity--her parents divorced when Jolie was a child. And she always burst into tears when metioned that. After she finished shooting Lara Croft: Tomb Raider, Jolie volunteered to be a UN ambassador   and returned to Cambodia to visit refugee camps. She found a calling, and realized that her fame and money could be used to accomplish a world of good. \nNow the mother of son Maddox, 3, whom she adopted in Cambodia, Angelina Jolie hopes to adopt more children. We caught up with her in Beverly Hills on a day away from the set. She talked to us about her role as the mother of Alexander the Great (played by Colin Farrell) in her new movie, Alexander, her passion for helping the homeless, and her longing for a partner with whom she might share it all.", "id": "high20832.txt"}