{"answers": ["B", "C", "D", "D", "A"], "options": [["one can choose his color1 preference", "one is born with his color1 preference", "one's color1 preference is changeable", "one has to choose his favorite color1 as soon as he can see clearly"], ["8.", "9.", "10.", "11."], ["I'm feeling well", "I am in high sprits", "I am excited", "I am unhappy"], ["An active person who enjoys life probably like red, yellow and orange.", "A person preferring gray and blue is probably quiet and shy.", "Finding out what color1 he 1ikes and dislikes, you can know your friend better.", "When we grow up, we choose which color1 we like best."], ["Color Preference and Its Effect", "Different Colors in Our Life", "Light and Bright Colors", "Favorite Colors Change Our Mind"]], "questions": ["According to this passage,   _  .", "How many color1s are mentioned in the passage?", "\"I am feeling black\" means   _  .", "Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage?", "What can be the best title for this passage?"], "article": "What is your favorite color1? Do you like yellow, orange or red? If you do, you must be an optimist, a leader, and an active person who enjoys life, people and excitement. Do you prefer gray and blue? Then you are probably quiet, shy and you would rather follow than lead. If you love green, you are strong-minded and determined. You wish to succeed and want other people to see you are successful. At least this is what a psychologist tells us, and we are also told that we don't choose our favorite color1 as we grow up. If you happen to love brown, you did so as soon as you opened your eyes, or at least as soon as you could see clearly.\nA yellow room makes us feel more cheerful and more comfortable than a dark green one, and a red dress brings warmth and cheer to the saddest winter day. On the other hand, black is depressing . Light and bright color1s make people not only happier but also more active. It is a fact that factory workers work better, harder, and have fewer accidents when their machines are painted orange rather than black or dark gray.\nRemember, then, that if you feel low, you can always brighten your day or your life with a new shirt or a few color1ful thing. Remember also that you will know your friends and your enemies better when you find out what color1s they like and dislike. And don't forget that anyone can guess a lot about your character when you choose handkerchiefs or a lampshade.", "id": "high20835.txt"}