{"answers": ["C", "A", "D"], "options": [[".a letter describing the writer's family life", "an article about the value of painting", "a book telling story of the writer's life", "a book explaining how to learn painting"], [".it made him feel happy", "it brought back sweet memories", "it was easy and pleasant to learn", "it could help him kill time"], [".The writer has become a famous painter now.", "The writer felt depressed when he first started painting.", "The writer couldn't express himself well without painting.", "Before learning painting, the writer enjoyed out with his brothers."]], "questions": ["The passage is most probably taken from  _  .", "According to the writer, the best thing about painting was that  _  .", "What can we infer from the passage?"], "article": "Mother managed to buy me some more paint brushes, along with one or two drawing books and a pencil. This, of course, broadened my range of expression and allowed me to have a greater choice of subjects. After the first few weeks of uncertainty and awkwardness, I settled down contentedly with my new pastime. I painted every day upstairs in the back bedroom, completely by myself.\nI was changing. I didn't know it then, but I had found a way to be happy again and to forget some of the things that had made me unhappy. Above all I learned to forget myself. I didn't miss going out with my brothers, for I had something to keep my mind active, something to make each day a thing to look forward to.\nI would sit on the floor for hours, holding the brush between my toes, my right leg curled up under my left, my arms held tightly at my sides, hands clenched. All my paint and brushes were around me, and I would get Mother or Father to pin the drawing paper to the floor with tacks to keep it keep it steady. It looked like a very awkward position, with my head almost between my knees and my back crooked, but I painted all my best pictures this way, with the wooden floor as my only easel . \nSlowly I began to recover from my earlier depression. I had a feeling of pure joy while I painted, a feeling I had never experienced before and which seemed almost to lift me above myself.", "id": "high20854.txt"}