{"answers": ["D", "A", "A", "D"], "options": [["To have operation to cut extra fat.", "To take pills and avoid fatty food.", "To sleep less to burn more calories.", "To have less food and take more exercise."], ["Regular and enough sleep.", "Comfortable living environment.", "Not enough physical exercise.", "harmful chemicals in the food."], ["Lack of sleep leads you to take in more food.", "Unpleasant weather helps you to put on weight.", "Obese parents are not likely to have fat children.", "Medicine for blood pressure helps you lose weight."], ["To have only one child.", "To marry at an older age.", "To marry a strong husband.", "To give birth to a baby at younger age."]], "questions": ["Which is commonly thought to be effective in losing weight?", "Which of the following factors doesn't lead to overweight?", "Which of the following statements would the author agree to?", "What would women prefer to do to have healthy children?"], "article": "Eat less and exercise more--it has long been a magic word for reducing those extra weight. But now it seems that all the hard work may have been in vain.\nScientists say there are ten other reasons why people just keep getting bigger. They say that sleeping habits, central heating, medicines and even some pollutants   can play a role in weight gain.\nTraditionally, people have focused on diet and exercise to solve the problem. However the scientists from top US and Canadian universities say that other things must be considered.\nLack of sleep could be partly the reason. In recent years, the average night's sleep has dropped from nine hours to just seven. Sleep shortage changes levels of the hormones   that control food intake and body fat and increase hunger and appetite.\nIf it is too hot or too cold, we burn calories   to cool down or heat up. But if the temperature is just right, the calories may be turned into body fat instead.\nThose who take medicine to control their blood pressure can often put on weight. Similarly, studies have shown that going on the Pill can add to a woman's weight.\nMother nature may also be the reason, with our body shape being partly inherited  . The overweight are also more likely to settle with partners of a similar size. And their children are more likely to be obese  . \nAnd the use of pollutants is on the rise, say the researchers. The man-made chemicals in pesticides   and plastics can lead to weight gain.\nYour mother's age and your weight at birth are also important, with older woman more likely to have obese children and underweight babies having a bigger chance of being obese in later life.\nWe also tend to put on weight as we get older. Finally, giving up smoking can also help pile on the pounds.\nThe scientists from Yale, Cornell and Johns Hopkins said there was some evidence supporting poor diet and lack of exercise as the main causes of obesity.", "id": "high20859.txt"}