{"answers": ["B", "C", "B", "D", "B"], "options": [["Four", "Sixteen", "Eight", "Six"], ["They can pursue a long term career in education", "There are some good universities in North Carolina", "They can receive Prezell Robinson Scholarship", "They can go to college easily."], ["Coca-Cola Scholarships", "New York State Scholarship", "Prezell Robinson Scholarship", "Straightforward Scholarship"], ["All the students", "The students who are working as a teacher", "All the science teachers", "The college graduates teaching in PreK"], ["Dreams of Becoming a Teacher", "Teaching Scholarships and Grants", "Five Scholarships for Teachers", "Five Scholarships for Students"]], "questions": ["How many students get their scholarships each year according to the Straightforward Teacher Program ?", "The reason why many students choose to study in the state of North Carolina is that   _  .", "Which scholarship goes to the student who must be a science or math teacher after graduation?", "Who will get the Funds For Teachers scholarship?", "What is the best title of the passage?"], "article": "Becoming a teacher is one of the best ways to make a difference in the life of a child and even older students. Here are some great scholarships and grant opportunities to get the ball rolling on your dreams of becoming a teacher.\nStraightforward Teacher Program\nThis is one of the most popular and unique scholarships available for students working towards becoming teachers. The foundation offers their scholarships every three months as opposed to each year. During each payment, four students receive a $500 scholarship. \nPrezell Robinson Scholarship Program\nWhile this scholarship is available only to students in the state of North Carolina, it is so incredibly helpful that many students choose to study in the state for the only purpose of receiving it. It is offered to college students who come from low-income high schools or families that are interested in pursuing a long term career in education at any level. \nNew York State Scholarship Program\nOfficials in the state of New York founded this program to award students who want to give back to their community through their ability to teach. The catch for this scholarship is that the students must be pursuing a teaching career in mathematics or science at the secondary level. \nAlso, because the program was designed to improve the education system in New York, the candidates must sign a service contract agreeing to work full time within the state for at least five years after graduation. \nCoca-Cola Scholarships\nYou may have many opportunities for grants and scholarships through The Coca Cola Foundation. There is the Coca Cola Teaching Foundation that will provide free money for students pursuing an education in the teaching field. This is the most obvious for teachers, but do not be afraid to check out their other offers. \nFunds For Teachers\nNot all scholarships or grants are for students entering or already in college. The Funds for Teachers scholarships are for graduates who are already working in the field, but want to improve their possibilities, skills and education in an effort to increase their ability to teach the students that cross their path more effectively. Teachers in PreK through 12th grade are applicable no matter where they teach or what subject they specialize in.", "id": "high20853.txt"}