{"answers": ["D", "B", "B", "A"], "options": [["Negative.", "Indifferent.", "Arbitrary .", "Cautious."], ["duration", "capacity", "safety", "purpose"], ["Digital Angel will include at least a chip and a power source.", "Digital Angel will soon be produced and replace passive chips.", "Digital Angel will be embedded in humans under a layer of skin.", "Digital Angel will give information without being scanned by a reader."], ["financial problems", "technical problems", "legal problems", "privacy problems"]], "questions": ["What is the attitude of Lee Tien towards the chips?", "One of the features of the device considered by Applied Digital Solutions is   _", "Which of the following statements about Digital Angel is NOT true?", "It is indicated in the passage that chip producers have to consider the following issues EXCEPT  _  ."], "article": "It's 10 pm. You may not know where your child is, but the chip does. \nThe chip will also know if your child has fallen and needs immediate help. Once doctors arrive, the chip will also be able to tell them which drugs are not suitable for little Johnny or Janie. At the hospital, the chip will tell doctors his or her complete medical history. And of course, when you arrive to pick up your child, settling the hospital bill with your health insurance policy will be a simple matter of waving your own chip-the one embedded in your hand. \nTo some, this may sound unbelievable. But the technology for such chips is no longer the stuff of science fiction. And it may soon offer many other benefits besides locating lost children or elderly patients. It could be used as credit cards and people won't have to carry wallets anymore.    \nOn the other hand, some are already wondering what this sort of technology may do to the sense of personal privacy and liberty.\n   \"Any technology of this kind could result in abuse of personal privacy,\" says Lee Tien, senior staff attorney for the Electronic Frontier Foundation. \"If a kid can be tracked, do you want other people to be able to track your kid? It's a double-edged sword.\"\nApplied Digital Solutions, Inc. in Palm Beach, Florida, says it has recently applied to the Food and Drug Administration for permission to begin testing its device in humans. About the size of a grain of rice, the microchip can be encoded   with bits of information and embedded in humans under a layer of skin. When scanned by a nearby reader, the embedded chip gives the data.\nMost embedded chip designs are so-called passive chips, which give information only when scanned by a nearby reader. But active chips-such as the proposed Digital Angel of the future-will give out information all the time. And that means designers will have to develop some sort of power source that can provide a continuous source of energy, yet be small enough to be embedded with the chips.\nIn addition to technical problems, many suspect that all sorts of legal and privacy issues would have to be cleared as well.", "id": "high20851.txt"}