{"answers": ["C", "D", "A"], "options": [["felt worried about where to go because he was a stranger in this city", "was suffering from hunger as he was hurrying to work without breakfast", "couldn't decide whether to take the cheese bun on the floor in front of him or not", "took a glimpse of all the passengers, especially the gentleman sitting opposite him"], ["he thought it a waste to leave the cheese bun there", "it reminded him of a homeless man he had met recently", "nobody was noticing him as they were getting ready to get off", "he valued kindness more than his own pride after a careful thought"], ["caring", "generous", "selfish", "timid"]], "questions": ["As the author was getting off the subway, he   _  .", "The author grabbed the cheese bun the moment before he got off because   _  .", "From the text we can know the author was   _  ."], "article": "Any passenger on the subway who caught a glimpse of me may have already thought that I was strange. In particular this gentleman sitting opposite me was staring at me, at the cheese bun on the floor in front of me, and then back at me; \"Next stop, St. Patrick Station\" my stop was quickly coming up. I had minutes to either take the cheese bun, which nobody else was claiming(as a passenger probably dropped it by mistake and got off at a previous stop), or leave it there and hope that it didn't go to waste.\n    In those few minutes I felt my pride getting in the way. \"What would other people on this subway think of me if I took the Cheese bun? Would they think that I was poor and hungry? Would they think that I'm stealing?\"\n    The ignorant thing to do was say \"yes\" to any of those self-imposed   questions, which would only justify my ego. But then I'd get off the subway, walk a block up the street to my office, get settled at my desk, and despite feeling comfortable, warm, and being well-fed myself for the whole day, there would be a weight of guilt and regret weighing on my consciousness.\n    My thoughts were pushing me towards pride and ignorance when the truth was evident:this missing cheese bun is a gift. For a homeless person who is hungry and cold. For me to overcome a little bit of ego and pass along so much kindness. It was clear that the homeless person who would receive this cheese bun needed it just as much as I did. ks5u\n    Just as the doors opened at my stop I grabbed the cheese bun and exited the subway. It felt awesome and I didn't care if people were looking or what they thought. Instead of going directly to my office as usual, I walked a few more blocks up to Queen's Park where I have seen a homeless man sitting outside many times on my walk from the gym to my office. I always wanted to give him something. There he was this morning, wrapped in a sleeping bag.", "id": "high20862.txt"}