{"answers": ["A", "B", "D"], "options": [["Technical terms' characters in different occupations.", "Technical terms's popularity in different cultures .", "Technical vocabulary' development.", "Technical vocabulary's functions."], ["it is easier to become a professional today than it was in the past", "there is more social communication between professionals and others", "popular science has told its secrets to people all over the world", "no one can understand more things in profession now than ever"], ["rapid occurrence of jargon", "quick talk of an experiment", "precision of jargon in meaning", "fast expansion of technical words"]], "questions": ["What is the passage mainly about?", "From the passage, we can learn that  _  .", "The author mentions Roentgen rays and wireless telegraphy as examples of   _  ."], "article": "Every profession or trade, every art, and every science has its technical vocabulary, the function of which is partly to refer to things or processes which have no names in ordinary English, and partly to secure greater exactness in expression. Such special dialects, or jargon, are necessary in technical discussion of any kind. Being universally understood by the devotees of the particular science or art, they have the precision of a mathematical formula . Besides, they save time, for it is much more economical to name a process than to describe it. Thousands of these technical terms are very properly included in every large dictionary, yet, as a whole,  _ \nDifferent professions, however, differ widely in the character of their special vocabularies. In trades and handicrafts and other professions, such as farming and fishing, that have occupied great numbers of men from remote times, the technical vocabulary is very old. It consists largely of native words, or of borrowed words that have worked themselves into the very fiber of our language, hence, though highly technical in many particulars, these vocabularies are more familiar in sound, and more generally understood than most other technicalities. The special dialects of law, medicine, and philosophy have also become pretty familiar to cultivated person, and have contributed much to the popular vocabulary.\nYet, every profession still possesses a large body of technical terms that remain essentially foreign, even to educated speech. And the proportion has been much increased in the last fifty years, particularly in the various departments of natural and political sciences and in the mechanic arts. So new terms are coined with the greatest freedom, and abandoned with indifference when they have served their turn. Most of the new coinages are restricted to special discussions and seldom get into general literature or conversation. Yet no profession is nowadays, as all profession once were, a closed guild  . The lawyer, the physician, the man of science, and the cleric   associate freely with his fellow creatures, and do not meet them in a merely professional way.\nFurthermore, what is called popular science makes everybody acquainted with modern views and recent discoveries. Any important experiment, though made in a remote laboratory, is at once reported in the newspapers, and everybody is soon talking about it--as in the case of the Roentgen rays and wireless telegraphy. Thus, our common speech is always taking up new technical terms and making them commonplace . ks5u", "id": "high20872.txt"}