{"answers": ["B", "C", "C", "A"], "options": [["part of the Burlington Estate", "part of the gardens of Burlington House", "nicknamed Savile Street", "inside a large garden"], ["get the latest press", "get their articles published", "seek law help", "get medical treatment"], ["it was a poor part of London", "it cost less to set up practices there", "Hasrley Street had become a populated area", "a lot of people in Harley Street became ill"], ["Fleet Street has experienced dramatic changes in its history", "Fleet Street is still the headquarters of the British press", "Harley Street remains much the same as before", "Harley Street is the most famous street in London"]], "questions": ["Savile Row was  _  before 1695.", "Now common people go to Fleet Street mainly to  _  .", "Doctors started setting up home in Harley Street probably because  _  .", "We can infer from the passage that  _  ."], "article": "Savile Row was first developed in 1695 as part of the Burlington Estate. It had been part of the gardens of Burlington House previous to this. Originally it was named Savile Street. Houses were built on one side of the street, with gardens on the other side and was therefore nicknamed Savile Row, with a row of houses on one side. The name was officially changed in 1810. \nThe first tailors appear on the street in 1785, and over the next fifty years the trend continued. This is what made the area famous. Many Savile Row Tailors have gone out of business or moved elsewhere within London,bottes ugg, but plenty still remain and it is still the place many men go for their tailoring.\nFleet Street is synonymous with the British Press. The street runs from the east end of the Strand through to Farringdon Street.\nIn the late fifteenth and early sixteenth century the trend for printers and publishers moving into the area began. Later, and more famously, newspapers started to move their offices to Fleet Street. The first daily newspaper to do this was the Daily Courant in the early 1700's. By the 20th century a large majority of London and National newspapers had their headquarters in the area. This is no longer the case though, as many of the papers moved out of Fleet Street from the 1980's. All of the main newspapers have now left and it is now more associated with law practices .\nHarley Street is world famous for its medical practices. Prior to the 18th century it only consisted of a few houses and was part of the village of Marylebone; not yet part of the City of London. As London grew in the 1700's century Marylebone became part of London. It was developed into a larger residential area between 1715 and 1720. Around a century later doctors started setting up home in the area, with a number of them setting up practices from then homes. As this trend continued the area became well known in this aspect.", "id": "high20877.txt"}