{"answers": ["A", "D", "C", "B"], "options": [["curious", "confused", "upset", "indifferent"], ["she had the ability to cure the disease of Molly", "she had the responsibility for the safety of Molly", "she was an old friend of the author and can lend some money to them", "she would like to help Molly as much as possible"], ["The author and his wife were not satisfied with the food in the restaurant.", "The old couple had once gone through the same trouble as the author did.", "The one dollar bill made the author feel touched by the warmth from others.", "The old woman sympathized with Molly because she suffered from serious arthritis herself."], ["A girl with cancer", "A touch of heaven", "A crippled hand", "A kind-hearted couple"]], "questions": ["The author was   _  , when he first caught sight of the old couple in the restaurant.", "By saying \"If I could do more for you I would...\", the old woman means  _  .", "What can we inferred from the passage?", "What would be the best title of the text?"], "article": "It had been a very disheartening day. The doctors had given us the worst of news. Our daughter, who had just completed her first brain surgery to remove a tumor   and was going through radiation treatment, was now officially given a two percent chance of survival as this type of cancer had no cure.\n       My wife and I decided to take our daughter to lunch before continuing our afternoon conversation. We went to a local restaurant where we sat in silence waiting for the waitress. I noticed a very elderly couple sitting a few booths away, who were also in silence and did not speak a word. I couldn't help but wonder what challenges they had faced in their life and if they ever faced such terrible news about a child of theirs.\n       We eventually ordered our lunch and still sitting in silence we ate what we could. At some point I became intrigued by the old couple. I thought to myself that they hadn't yet spoken to each other and I wondered if it was the peace they were enjoying or the food or maybe both. However, at some point I lost interest and put my focus back on my lunch.\n       Molly was still talking away and enjoying her meal. Her mom and I both listened and tried to be happy in her presence but it wasn't going very well. All of a sudden I saw a hand come out of nowhere. It was huge and I could tell that it had been afflicted with arthritis  . I couldn't take my eyes off that hand. It landed on my daughter's tiny six-year-old hand and as it did I looked up; it was the old woman who had been sitting with the old man in silence eating their lunch.\n       I looked into her eyes and she spoke, but not to me. She looked at my daughter and simply whispered, \"If I could do more for you I would...\" and then she smiled and moved away to join her husband, who had moved towards the door.\n       \"Look, a whole dollar,\" Molly spoke with excitement as she discovered a crumpled one dollar bill left behind by the old lady. I looked up to thank her, but she was gone. I sat stunned, not sure what had just happened and then I looked over at my wife. In almost unison, we broke out into a smile. The sadness of the day had been wiped out by the crippled hand and generous touch of the old lady. The dollar, although exciting to Molly, was not what made us smile; it was the offer from the old lady, who felt our suffering. The crippled hand symbolized a healing touch and made us realize that we did not have to fight this battle alone.", "id": "high20880.txt"}