{"answers": ["B", "D", "C"], "options": [[". More clerks are employed there.", "All of its documents are computerized.", "Facilities of the museum are restored.", "Workers are more creative than before."], ["Families whose family histories are kept here.", "National Park Service in the United States.", "Local government and visitors to the Museum.", "The Statue of Liberty-Ellis Island Foundation, Inc."], [". a museum assistant", "an advertisement", "a self-service device", "a receptionist"]], "questions": ["Why is it easier for visitors to find their family histories in the History Center?", "Who sponsors the restoration of the American Family Immigration History Center?", "The word \"kiosk\" in the passage is most probably  _  ."], "article": "The American Family Immigration History Center is an exciting new interactive area at the Ellis Island Immigration Museum where more than 100 million Americans may search for their family's beginnings in the New World. Now, for the first time, the passengers records of the ships that landed some 22 million immigrants, crewmembers and other passengers at the Port of New York and Ellis Island from 1892 to 1924 have been computerized, making it easier than ever to discover your own family history.\n   Five years in the making, the center was developed and funded by the Statue of the Liberty-Ellis Island Foundation, Inc., which was responsible for the restoration and preservation of the Statue of the Liberty and Ellis Island, and the creation of the Immigration   Museum.\n   For visitors to the Museum, the excitement begins at a welcoming kioskwhere you can enter ancestors' names and see if their arrival records are included in the database and are available in the History Center in the Museum's West Wing. Once inside the Center itself, in the very place where your ancestors (grand-grandparents) may have ended their long journey, you and your family can log on the one of 41 computers, type in name, and, within seconds, set in motion your own special journey of discovery.\n   Imagine the excitement you'll share with your family as you use the latest technology to sort through a vast computerized archive  with millions of records, and see your family's own personal story in America come to life before your eyes.   \nMillions of hours were spent creating this vast database and, if you find your ancestors' names, you'll discover answers to questions you've always wondered about... What ship did my family members take? When did they arrive? How old were they? Were they married? Then, take these valuable records and create your own Family History Scrapbook, preserving forever the story of the past while keeping the legacy of your family alive.", "id": "high20884.txt"}