{"answers": ["C", "D", "D", "B"], "options": [[".Making industrial production in Europe safer.", "The pace of European industrialization.", "His religious and political considerations.", "The support of the socialist labor movement."], ["had  totally different compensation programs.", "Different states in the U.S.", "America's average compensation benefit was much lower than the cost of living.", "They have to present evidence that theirs bosses were responsible for the accidents."], ["The poverty level from families increased when the compensation system was in workers'\n    favor.", "More money was assigned to the compensation system to improve workers' living conditions.", "There were fewer legal barriers for the injured workers to claim damages in a court of law.", "Increasing compensation benefits caused the result that more workers claimed for damages."], [". compensation  benefits in America are rising rapidly to new heights.", "the workers are not the only ones to benefit from the compensation system.", "people from all walks of life can benefit from the compensation system .", "money floating in the compensation system is a huge drain on the U.S. Economy."]], "questions": ["What probably contributed to Bismarck's introduction of the world's first workers' compensation law?", "Why was it hard for the American injured workers to get compensation in the early 20th  century?", "Which of the following statement is TRUE about America in the 1970s?", "It is implied at the end of this passage that   _  ."], "article": "talent, but his contributions includes many of today's social insurance programs. During the middle German Prime Minister Otto Von Bismarck may be most famous for his military and diplomatic of the 19th century, Germany, along with other European nations, experienced an unprecedented rash of workplace deaths and accidents as a result of growing industrialization. Motivated in part by Christian sympathy for the helpless as well as a practical political impulse  to get the support of the socialist labor movement, Chancellor Bismarck created the world's first workers' compensation  law in 1884.\nBy 1908, the United States was the only industrial nation in the world that lacked workers' compensation insurance. America's injured workers could sue for damages in a court of law, but they still faced a number of tough legal barriers. For example, employees had to prove that their injuries directly resulted from employer negligence and that they themselves were ignorant about potential hazards in the workplace. The first state workers' compensation law in this country passed in 1911, and the program soon spread throughout the nation.\nAfter World War II, benefit payments to American workers did not keep up with the cost of living. In fact, real benefit levels were lower in the 1970s than they were in the 1940s, and in most states the maximum benefit was below the poverty level for a family of four. In 1970, President Richard Nixon set up a national commission to study the problems of workers' compensation. Two years later, the commission issued 19 key recommendations, including one that called for increasing compensation benefit levels to 100 percent of the states' average weekly wages.\nIn fact, the average compensation benefit in America has climbed from 55 percent of the states' average weekly wages in 1972 to 97 percent today. But, as most studies show, every 10 percent increase in compensation benefits results in a 5 per cent increase in the numbers of workers who file for claims. And with so much more money floating in the workers' compensation system, it's not surprising that doctors and lawyers have helped themselves to a large slice of the growing pie.", "id": "high20885.txt"}