{"answers": ["B", "B", "C", "A", "C"], "options": [["buy their own textbooks themselves", "prove that they can pay for their study", "find a living place with a kitchen", "find someone to pay for their college fees"], ["Students who are going to graduate from colleges.", "Students who are going to college in the US.", "Students who are going to apply for room-and-board.", "Students who can't pay for their college study by themselves."], ["has the highest fees of any college", "has the most foreign students of any college in the US", "is a key university in the Northwest of the US", "charges less than other colleges in the US Northwest"], ["Apply eighteen months before you want to start.", "A signed Statement of Financial Responsibility.", "People who will help you pay for the study should provide a bank proof.", "A bank letter from within the past six months."], ["To tell foreign students that money is the most important thing in the US.", "To advise foreign students to apply as soon as possible so as to have more\nchances.", "To state some requirements foreign students should pay attention to when applying for colleges.", "To tell people about the present situation of foreign students in the US."]], "questions": ["Students who are going to study in America must   _  .", "Who is this speech probably given to?", "The University of Washington   _  .", "What is NOT a must if you, a foreign student, apply for the university in the US?", "What is the speaker's purpose in this speech?"], "article": "Students who want to attend an American university must explain how they will pay for their education. They have to show that they will be able to pay for each year of study. Students have to consider not only the tuition, the cost of classes, but also meals and a place to live in, which is known as room-and-board. They also need money for books and supplies. And they need money to spend on social activities and other things.  \nEducational advisers say foreign students should have enough money in a local bank to pay for at least two months of expenditure . So how much will a year at an American school cost? Generally speaking, the answer is: a lot. A leading state university in the Pacific Northwest will serve as an example. The University of Washington says foreign students are paying more than $36,000 this year. This major research university currently has 2,600 foreign students from more than 100 countries. There are many schools that cost less, but also others that cost more. Its web site says the University of Washington does not offer financial assistance to international students. This is generally true of American schools, especially at the undergraduate level.\nThe international application for the university includes a Statement of Financial Responsibility that must be signed. Students must also provide a bank letter or statement from within the past six months. And they have to name someone who will help with payments. These people must send proof from a bank to show that they have the money. Your government or employer may be able to help you pay all or some of the college costs. A good idea is to ask at least eighteen months before you want to start classes in the United States. \nOur Foreign Student Services, including links to web sites discussed in our reports, can be found at www.unsv.com. To learn more about higher education in America, the State Department has a special web site: educationusa.state.gov.", "id": "high20897.txt"}