{"answers": ["B", "D", "B"], "options": [["prove the existence of the human spirit.", "help those people who miss the dead.", "show off her special talent.", "inspire people who believe in ghosts."], ["she could see the spirits.", "she learned it from college.", "she had a strong imagination.", "she was gifted to feel the spirits."], ["Coral failed to draw the portrait of the dead.", "Phyllis eventually admitted the portrait was right about her grandfather.", "Coral knew green was a name.", "Phyllis didn't prove Coral's talent."]], "questions": ["Coral draws the portrait of spirits in order to   _  .", "According to the passage, Coral can draw the spirits most probably because   _  .", "In the example of Phyllis Timms,   _  ."], "article": "Coral Polge is a person who has provided comfort to thousands. She has a remarkable talent which may prove the survival of the human spirit after death, for Coral is a medium who draws the portraits of spirits who contact her.\n       Coral, whose parents were spiritualists, was brought up in Harrow, North London, where she attended a local spiritualist church. She studied art at the local college, where she specialized in textile design. Even though, at the time, she wasn't very good at drawing portraits, she met a medium who told her she would be a psychic  artist.\n       She doesn't actually see the dead nor are her hands controlled by the spirits; instead she 'feels' them coming through. Early in her career she drew the portraits of 'spirit guides' from whom she had received help. These portraits of guides, who included Red Indians, nuns and monks, were remarkable, yet could have been attributed to the working of a strong imagination. She also drew portraits by holding on to letters that had been written by people who had since died.\n       Coral says, 'I know exactly what to draw without thinking about it. It's involuntary, like breathing or walking.' Not only are her portraits a good likeness but she sketches her subjects in clothes they would have worn in life.\n       Coral has displayed her talent at public meetings around the world. At one gathering there was a woman whose grandfather had just died. Her name was Phyllis Timms. Coral made a sketch of a man who had a long moustache and Phyllis recognized the man as her grandfather. However, she was reluctant to acknowledge the portrait without extra proof. Coral then said that the colour green was a link with the man whom she had drawn. Mrs Timms, whose maiden name had been Green, understood the significance of the comment and claimed the portrait.\n       There are some people for whom this is evidence of survival from beyond the grave. Others, who have their reservations, may put it down to an extraordinary kind of extrasensory perception . Whatever the reason, it remains a gift impossible to explain away and we should try to keep an open mind.", "id": "high20892.txt"}