{"answers": ["A", "B", "D", "A"], "options": [["Struggling to satisfy high expectations", "Increasing number of high school athletes", "Rising pressure from excellent students", "Growing desire to become star athletes"], ["be socially well-rounded", "try their best to achieve more", "catch up with their peers", "make a big fortune in sports"], ["have his personal life", "do what he likes to", "wake up early often", "stand a tight schedule"], ["Sympathetic", "Doubtful", "Unconcerned", "Ambiguous"]], "questions": ["Which of the following most probably makes high school athletes stressed?   _  .", "More and more parents are expecting their kids to  _  .", "To become a varsity athlete, one would have to  _  .", "What might be the author's attitude towards the high school athletes?   _  ."], "article": "With the level of high school education increasing, the expectations for high school athletes are directly affected. Most high school athletes are faced with high stress levels due to the rising expectations of sports teams. As a result>> many of them are trying their best to prepare themselves to be varsity athletes but also feel the pressure to be good students as well.\nIn our society, more and more parents are pushing their kids to be their best and want them to possess more and better than what they had. However ,sometimes the pressure from parents, students and fellow teammates can be a little too much for them. Colleges now are looking to accept not only good students but socially well-rounded students too. How are they supposed to be able to be socially popular? How can they balance school work and sports practices? Don't you think it is too much for them?\nEveryone wants to have a personal life and does what they like to. But actually, they are always caught up in trying to be the ''best,' and planning ahead for their future. Therefore ,many teens have to struggle both at school and outside of school. To become varsity athletes tmost teens are required to stay very late in the school. In this way it leaves very few hours to eat, shower, do homework and then get to sleep and the next day they have to wake up early again.\nSports seem to become more and more competitive every year ,just as academics do as well. At some point, teens will start to suffer greatly. So in order to fix this, the school needs to care more about the students participating in sports. In other words, varsity athletes should have the right to rearrange their schedule due to their sports season and sports coaches should also understand the teens. When an athlete asks to leave early, it doesn't mean that they want to give up ,but rather, they are trying to keep up with everything.", "id": "high20937.txt"}