{"answers": ["C", "A", "A", "D"], "options": [["Because the music is played at random", "Because it has become more commercial", "Because the music is played too much", "Because everyone is familiar with Christmas"], ["reforming", "repeating", "replaying", "reserving"], ["Christmas should be celebrated with family happily", "Christmas songs should be more traditional", "Christmas music should be pushed to the public", "Christmas music and songs attract more customers"], ["People love to listen to original Christmas music", "Everybody has been tired of Christmas songs and music", "Christmas music can bring more happiness to the public", "Christmas music is calling for changes and updating"]], "questions": ["Why does Devin think common seasonal Christmas music is annoying?   _  .", "According to the writer ,Christmas music or songs need  _  .", "The music media hope to inform the public of the idea that  _", "What is the passage mainly about?   _  ."], "article": "Everybody is familiar with Christmas music; its played everywhere. Whether it's the music from a grocery store or random songs on the radio, holiday music remains to flood in the air from the day after Thanksgiving to the beginning of December. Christmas music gets extremely over- played through the Holiday season. \"'I think the common seasonal Christmas music is annoying because it keeps being played over and over.\"said junior Devin McFarland.\nThe Christmas music still played today is what she heard in her childhood. Some famous Christmas songs have never been changed. The original music is played so much that in some cases people dream about or even sing Christmas music in their sleep. She wishes that there was a wider variety of songs. She likes the newer Christmas songs that bands either re- make or write themselves. \"They have a fresher sound to Christmas songs, and they add their own characteristics to them so that they are more like their own songs. \" McFarland explained.\nChristmas is known as a happy and homecoming festival, so the holiday season is meant to be spent happily with your family. It is recognized that the music media wants to get the point across and add to the festival atmosphere. But isn't the music being pushed to the public too much?\nMost grocery stores play the music non-stop ,Christmas song after Christmas song, disgusting the customers who don't like that kind of music. You can walk through stores and attempt turning off the music, but sometimes it's impossible to do so. On the other hand, almost everyone has witnessed random persons walking along happily and either singing or whistling to the tune of the song that's played throughout the store.", "id": "high20936.txt"}