{"answers": ["D", "C", "A"], "options": [["lack of imagination", "deep in thought", "unproductive", "trendy"], ["respect for nature", "spiritual value", "necessity", "simplicity"], ["Humanity is fundamental in fashion design.", "The growing fashion trends present human interest.", "Designers must concern for the desire of consumers.", "Fashion clothes have close relations with earth predictions."]], "questions": ["According to the writer, most fashion designers are   _  .", "The writer indicates that the primitive clothes are made as a result of   _  .", "What is the main idea of the passage?"], "article": "It took me more than 10 years to realize that the world has no shortage of fashion   designers who have the ability to make trendy and elegant garments, but that it is badly in need of, simply, clothes designers. My own definitions would set fashion and clothing greatly apart. It is a fact that, in the shopping malls, there are plenty of beautiful garments whose unpredictability makes our life color1ful and interesting. You are almost convinced: You can buy whatever you dare to think.\nThere is no doubt that fashion designers are usually with high qualifications. They study fashion trends, select color1s, and make sure the final production of their designs is done properly. However, as experience grew with age, my attraction to arts became ever stronger. I have a strong desire for clothing to stand as does paint to the painter, as does stone to the sculptor, as a simple and particular language of an individual creation, which draws the audience from an appreciation of the surface to deeper thoughts with the world of the soul. I believe that the most meaningful creative motives should arise through caring for other people, the great care of humanity--a concern for human feeling and spirituality.  _ , but it is bigger than love, and it is unconditional. I believe the greatest works of art can touch the deepest and strongest parts of human feelings and the world of the spirit, and only these works can be the memories of history, preserving the most valuable feelings that have ever existed, and inspiring a greater awareness of ourselves.\nI am not satisfied if people only appreciate clothing if it merely satisfies their desire. I believe clothing could be a specific creative language for communicating ideas and thoughts, for inspiring you and shaping your behavior. Those clothes fashioned out of necessity possess a power that can continue to exist across the ages. This is what I have tried to achieve, the clothing to return to its original simplicity, the clothing to help people regain the natural sense. The true fashion today should not follow the trends. It should instead uncover the extraordinary in the ordinary, for I believe the pleasure you get from the clothing is not its price, but its spirit.", "id": "high20941.txt"}