{"answers": ["D", "B", "D"], "options": [["It is useless from now on.", "It is too old to be used again.", "It will be replaced by a new one.", "Some parts of it are being destroyed."], ["The local people sell the bricks for a living.", "The local people are short of culture knowledge.", "The local people think that the Great Wall is not important.", "The local people need bricks and stones to build houses."], ["How to Protect the Great Wall.", "How the Great Wall came into being.", "The Great Wall Being Rebuilt.", "The Great Wall Being in Danger."]], "questions": ["Why does the writer say the Great Wall might disappear?", "What's the main reason of the Great Wall being destroyed?", "Which of the following may be the best title for this passage?"], "article": "No one can believe that the over 6,300-kilometer Great Wall might disappear some day. Believe it or not, the Great Wall is being destroyed by people. Less than 20 percent of the Great Wall built in the Ming Dynasty ,is still perfect, but about 80 percent is in danger. The Great Wall can be called \" great \" mostly because of its amazing length. But we should realize that the length was made up of one brick at a time. If we do nothing to save the Great Wall,it will become a series of separate wasteland rather than a historic site.\nThe Great Wall is actually a series of walls built and rebuilt by different dynasties over the past 2,000 years. It began in the rule of China's first emperor, Qin Shihuang of the Qin Dynasty (221BC----206BC), and lasted into the Ming Dynasty. The parts built before the Ming Dynasty have nearly disappeared. People are familiar with sections such as Badaling in Beijing and Jiayuguan Pass in Gansu, because they have been open to tourists for many years. But _ have been almost forgotten.\nFew local people knew the 3--meter--high walls made of earth and stones beside them are parts of the Great Wall. The lack of knowledge is considered as one of the main reasons behind human.\nThe bricks on the Great Wall are carried off by countryside people to build their houses,sheep corrals and pigsties. Some were taken away to build roads. Bricks carved with people's names are put away as remembrances. The rubbish is spread over the battlements. The brick can be sold 15 yuan per tractor load. Those who destroyed and are destroying the Wall know its name, but are not clear about its cultural meaning. It will take a long time to let them know this. The local farmers not only carried off the body of the Wall but also dug out the entire base.\nIt is necessary to protect the Great Wall. First of all, the officials should be aware of the importance of the Great Wall. Young Chinese should know more about the nation's great civilization and learn to love it.", "id": "high2095.txt"}