{"answers": ["C", "C", "D"], "options": [["single or married", "divorced", "sure about herself and her role", "all of the above"], ["was found out", "was as important as before.", "declined", "was stronger than that of the early days"], ["the Second World War", "the Westward Movement", "the early immigration", "the industrialized twentieth century."]], "questions": ["A typical American woman is  _  .", "During the industrialized twentieth century, the role of women  _  .", "Women took part in men's job during the time of  _  ."], "article": "American women experience a great variety of lifestyle. A typical American woman may be single. She may also be divorced or married. She may be a homemaker, a doctor or a factory worker. It is very difficult to generalize about American women. However, one thing that many American women have in common is their attitudes about themselves and their roles in American life.\nHistorically, American women have always been very independent. The first settlers to come to New England were ten young couples that had left behind their extended families. The women were alone in a new, undeveloped country with their husbands. This has two important effects. First of all, this was the uncivilized environment that demanded every person to share in developing it and in survival. Women worked with their husbands and children to make themselves accepted in this new land. Second, because they were in a new land without the established influence of older members of society, women felt free to step into non--traditional roles.\nThis role of women was strengthened in later years as Americans move west again, leaving families behind and meeting a new environment. Even later, in the east, as new settlers arrived, women often found jobs more easily than men. Women became the supporters of the family.\nWithin the established lifestyle of the industrialized twentieth century, the strong role of women was not attractive as in the early days of the country. Some women stepped into the men's jobs as factory and business workers. After the war, some women stayed in these positions, and others left their jobs with a new sense of ability.", "id": "high2096.txt"}