{"answers": ["C", "B", "B"], "options": [["she had just left the doctor's office", "she didn't know how to drive", "she had cancer and was absent in mind", "she had tears in her eyes"], ["by space", "by examples", "by time", "by comparison"], ["Learn to accept others?apology.", "We need more patience and understanding.", "Be patient when you are in line.", "The patient should not drive to the office."]], "questions": ["The woman was holding up traffic because  _  .", "The whole passage is developed  _  .", "What does the author mainly want to express?"], "article": "You probably remember me from the other day. I was the one who reacted very slowly to the green traffic light. When you honked your horn ,I realized I was holding up traffic, so please accept my apology. However, I do want you to know why I seemed in a confused state. You see, I was just at the doctor's office getting the results of the examination I had two weeks ago, and I was wondering how I would tell my husband and children that I had cancer. There were still tears in my eyes, so,quite simply I didn't even see the lights change. Perhaps I should not have been driving, but I didn't want to miss my appointment.\nI was in the express lane at the supermarket without thinking and moving. Please accept my apology. My mind was on my youngest daughter who ran away from home, and she?'just sixteen. I was so worried then. You see, she somehow got in with the wrong crowd and started using drugs and drinking. I was remembering what a pretty little girl she had been most of her life. I know you were unhappy along with others in line. Please, accept my apology.\nI remember you from the store last week. I was so mean to you, when you were doing your job to the best of your ability. I acted so childishly. Please accept my apology. You see, I arrived home from work just yesterday and discovered that my wife had left me, but I should never have taken it out on you. Please, accept my apology.\nThe above are imagined incidents, and yet they expressed a very real truth. The old saying about judging others before you \"have walked a mile in their shoes\" is a much needed reminder. Perhaps we all could try to learn the fact that there are problems and situation in the lives of others which we are totally unaware of. So, maybe before we get angry in similar situations, we should think a moment and understand that things may be going on in other's lives which have caused them to be slower, absent-minded or angry. Patience, as they say, is a virtue.", "id": "high20962.txt"}