{"answers": ["B", "C", "D"], "options": [["Another Big Winter Storm Hit the West Coast of the USA", "Weather Closes Government Offices a Second Day", "A Big Snowstorm on the Way to America", "More Cities Govered by Snow in America"], ["New Jersey has suffered the big snow", "a big snow hit the capital region on Monday", "Washington was stricken by a big snow last weekend", "Federal Government Agencies will have a holiday on Wednesday"], ["the new snowfall will reach 32 inches around Washington", "the snowstorm will hit more big cities along the West Coast", "the snowstorm will make 80,000 people live in darkness", "Washington hasn't suffered such a big snow for scores of years"]], "questions": ["Which of the following can be the best title for the passage?", "From the passage we can infer that   _  .", "According to the National Weather Service forecast,   _  ."], "article": "WASHINGTON(Reuters)--Federal Government Agencies in the capital region will remain closed for a second day on Tuesday as residents trying to clean up the weekend storm that shocked the area with two feet of snow.\n     Another big winter storm was expected to hit the U.S. mid--Atlantic on Tuesday and last through Wednesday, the National Weather Service forecast on Monday.  _ snowfall is ranged from 10 to 20 inches, it said. The new storm was expected to hit other big cities along the East Coast, including Baltimore and Philadelphia, which is still extending into New Jersey and New York. It would pile on to the 32 inches of snow that fell in suburban Washington in the biggest snowfall to hit the city in decades.\n     The Office of Personnel Management announced on Monday evening that Federal Government Offices in the Washington area would be closed on Tuesday. Emergency employees were expected to report for work in time, but non--emergency employees were excused. The Federal Government was closed on Monday, though President Barack Obama still held meetings at the White House. Schools and most businesses in the region also were shut.\n     In the county, about 80,000 people lost power on Saturday, and some customers still had no electricity or heat on Monday. Many schools said classes would be canceled through Tuesday, even before the latest storm warning.\n     On Monday, winter sunshine bathed the nation's capital and the surrounding region, where people dug out their driveways and sidewalks to finally start to clear streets in some residential neighborhoods. Bus service on Monday was limited to just a small number of routes in the Washington, D.C.\n     Cold and snow blanketed much of the central United States this winter, slowing weight gain in cattle and pigs, delaying livestock sales, and increasing feed costs for producers.\n     The new storm might also hit the Northeast, the nation's largest market for heating fuel. The weekend blast largely bypassed that region.", "id": "high20960.txt"}