{"answers": ["C", "A", "B", "D"], "options": [["her medical experience in Peru", "her organization work in Peru", "her volunteering experience in Peru", "her traveling experience in Peru"], ["Regretful.", "Grateful.", "Proud.", "Excited."], ["giving new experiences to local Indians in Peru", "offering medical treatment and education to towns in Peru", "helping build local hospitals in towns in Peru", "encouraging young people to sacrifice"], ["her friendship with locals", "the scenery in Peru", "the progress of PAMS", "her work"]], "questions": ["The writer is probably telling about   _  .", "How did the author feel about what she did on the first day?", "PAMS is organized with the purpose of   _  .", "We can guess that the author will, in the rest of the passage, write about   _  ."], "article": "The hallways cast shadows since the only light available was from open windows and doorways. The lights are turned off to save money on the electricity bill. The rooms, borrowed rooms, were not like being in hospitals. There were no color1s on the walls, or framed pictures for us to be distracted by. There were no magazines to look at, or pens to write with. There were no plants, or matching chairs, or paper spread over the examining tables. \nBy the second day of a medical mission   hosted by PAMS (Peruvian American Medical Society) in Abancay, Peru, it was easy to start adapting and taking advantage of what we did have inside the hospital. I learned to reuse a brown paper bag in order to transport items the entire week. I hid my mask, hat and shoe covers whenever I needed to leave the surgery floor to be sure they were available again. The one towel was creatively folded so that we could keep using it. By the third day, I realized how wasteful I was the first day. I had thrown away a rubber band that had held a pile of envelopes, a used water bottle, and worst of all: we had used two gloves instead of one. The free medical care the local Indians were receiving today was a new experience for many of the people. \nPAMS is a nation-wide, non-profit organization that helps bring Peruvian and American doctors together to offer medical treatment and education to towns in Peru. Several other towns including Cusco, Lima, and Trujillo also benefit from these medical missions. All the volunteers donate their own time and services. The mission is organized for two weeks, once or twice a year. Volunteers are encouraged to stay as long as possible. Abancay is a beautiful town, 7,000 feet above sea level with a population of 80,000 people. \n  This first week, there are 19 other people who volunteered to help those less fortunate. Many of the volunteers stayed in the same hotel together and many were paired up to have a roommate. On the first night, the mayor welcomed everyone as the high school children performed a dance of local custom. \nWork started at 8 a.m. the next morning. The first task to accomplish was setting up a room to be used as an office and pharmacy  . Everything that was donated was set up on portable shelves that were put up for the occasion.", "id": "high20967.txt"}