{"answers": ["D", "C", "C", "B"], "options": [["detect possible dangerous crossroads", "compute the   movement of the contacting vehicles", "brake the car automatically in as little time as possible", "detect potential contacts between vehicles in advance"], ["Advanced safety systems make driving an easier job.", "Automakers pay more attention to safety system than before.", "New advanced technology makes the vehicle operation rely only on the vehicle itself.", "Drivers are still expected to drive carefully despite the built-in advanced safety system."], ["put an end to road accidents", "force people to obey traffic laws", "see a wide use in the future", "ensure the quality of medical care"], ["Live fast, die young", "New systems, safer driving", "New technology, relaxed drivers", "High-end vehicles, big innovation"]], "questions": ["\"Predictive Precollision\" can be used to   _  .", "Which of the following statements is NOT true?", "We can conclude that the new technology will   _  .", "Which of the following would best serve as the title for the passage?"], "article": "Driving speeds have largely stabilized, and nowadays, safety concerns are important and reducing road accidents to minimum is a must. So, automakers are focused on safety systems more than ever before. \nGiven the emphasis on improving safety, it's possible that well-known phrases such as \"live fast and die young\" may lose their meaning as innovative   new devices are built into cars and trucks and other things that go.\nMany of the new safety systems that are being added to high-end vehicles are computer-assisted technologies that transfer some of the vehicle's operations to the vehicle itself, rather than relying only on the driver's decision-making skills.  \nFor example, predictive brake assist is an in-vehicle feature that prepares the vehicle for braking when its built-in sensors detect a potential object ahead. The predictive brake assist basically places the vehicle's braking system on alert, which helps the system to slow down the car in as little time and as short a distance as possible.\nOther in-vehicle sensors will detect moving and still objects and will even distinguish the objects based on simple patterns, such as other vehicles vs. a person. \nWhat's more, built-in \"active systems\", i.e., predictive precollision   systems, will provide drivers with advance detection of potential contact between vehicles. These systems compute the   movement of the objects and detect possible dangerous intersections  .\nWhat technological developments have enabled innovations like predictive precollision systems? Essentially, these so-called active systems are the result of vehicle-to-vehicle and vehicle-to-infrastructure communications. \nThese communication links allow highways to provide a vehicle's owners with services such as renting a movie during the trip, as well as reduce reaction delays when medical care is needed due to a crash.  \nDespite these new technologies, drivers cannot take safety for granted. \nUntil all vehicles are fully automated, it is the drivers themselves who are responsible for operating their vehicles and obeying traffic laws designed to keep roadways secure. So, keep your eyes on the road and your hands on the steering wheel  .", "id": "high20973.txt"}