{"answers": ["A", "B", "D"], "options": [["People who want to control others and have a strong need to do better than others.", "People who usually think of others and get along well with others.", "People who don't seem able to understand the simplest ideas.", "People who don't care about their appearance and the results of their jobs."], ["The lid will always remain in place.", "The conflict may occur any moment.", "The situation is always under your control.", "You are able to solve the problem."], ["does good to your health", "helps you fit in with the new situation quickly", "gets you more prizes", "contributes a lot to your career success"]], "questions": ["Which of the following people probably have the hard-driving character?", "What does the author mean by the last sentence of the passage?", "We can infer from the passage that hard-driving character   _  ."], "article": "Here are six questions about your approach to life. Try to answer them as honestly as you can.\nAre you hard driving and competitive?\nAre you usually pressed for time?\nDo you want to control others?\nDo you have a strong need to do better than others in most things?\nDo you eat too quickly?\nDo you get upset when you have to wait for anything?\nIf you have answered \"yes\" to most of these questions, then I can make a few predictions about you, based on a recent eight-year study of nearly two thousand people who live the way that you do.\nYou likely find that life is full of challenges and you often need to keep two or more projects moving at the same time. The chances are that you have been to college, that you have a management job and that you bring work home at night. You think that you put more effort into your job than many of the people you work with, and you certainly take your work more seriously than most of them. You get angry easily, and if someone is being long-winded, you help them get to the point. You also have trouble finding the time to get your hair cut.\nAnd there's one other thing. You are about twice as likely to have a heart attack as someone who takes a more easygoing approach to life. \nThe beginnings of your hard-driving behavior go right back to childhood. In school you got recognition and perhaps prizes for being quick and bright, for being an achiever, for competing with others and for winning. You likely went on from school to get a series of increasingly better jobs against pretty stiff competition. They were jobs where you had to care about the results, where you constantly had to push things forward and get things done. In your present job you also feel some conflict, either with time or with other people. Some of those you work with don't seem able to understand the simplest ideas, and they often put a brake on what you're trying to achieve. The conflict may not take place every day. You pride yourself on being able to keep the lid on.  _ .", "id": "high20997.txt"}