{"answers": ["D", "D", "B", "A"], "options": [["even though I hated to do so", "because I was told to do so by my mother", "as I was named president of the Ford Motor company", "for I felt it quite natural to do so"], ["he did not like the way I always borrowed bicycles from friends", "he thought that cars were faster than motorcycles", "he liked every new model made by the Ford Motor company", "he had trouble in riding his motorcycle"], ["I wasn't allowed to have a car when I was growing up.", "He was the first person in town to buy a motorcycle.", "He was always proud of my success.", "He was very open with his feelings and his love."], ["My father loved his motorcycle. He rode through the dirty streets of Allentown every day.", "I was not allowed to have a bicycle when I was growing up, but when I was just 16 I was allowed to drive a car.", "My father was always proud of what I did. He was very pleased when I won a spelling contest at school.", "My father bought a motorcycle, but got rid of it because he fell off it so often."]], "questions": ["I hugged and kissed my father at every opportunity,  _  .", "My father trusted no vehicle with less than four wheels because   _  .", "Which of the following statements shows that my father was a curious man?", "Which of the following statements is NOT true?"], "article": "My father and I were very close. I loved pleasing him, and he was always proud of my success. If I won a spelling contest  at school, he was on top of the world. Later in life whenever I got a promotion , I'd call my father right away and he'd rush out to tell all his friends. In 1970,when I was named president of the Ford Motor Company, I don't know which of us was more excited.\nLike many native Italians, my parents were very open with their feelings and their loves not only at home, but also in public. Most of my friends would never hug  their fathers. But I hugged and kissed my dad at every opportunity for nothing could have felt more natural.\nHe was a curious man who was always trying new things. He was the first person in Allentown to buy a motorcycle. Unfortunately, my father and his motorcycle didn't get along too well. He fell off it so often that he got rid of it just a month after buying it. As a result, he never again trusted any vehicle with less than four wheels.\nBecause of that motorcycle, I wasn't allowed to have a bicycle when I was growing up. Whenever I wanted to ride a bike, I had to borrow one from a friend. On the other hand, my father let me drive a car as soon as I turned sixteen.", "id": "high2099.txt"}