{"answers": ["A", "A", "C"], "options": [["Fishing ships began using new tools with which they could catch more fish.", "There were fewer smaller fish than before.", "There were more people catching big predators.", "Their environment was being polluted by fishing ships."], ["It may soon be difficult to find large predator fish.", "It will cost much more in the future to catch big fish.", "Smaller fish still give the fishing industry a bright future.", "It is tough for researchers to forecast the future of fish."], ["The decrease of the number of smaller fish has changed the marine food chain.", "Big fish have to live in the deep sea to avoid being caught.", "Over-fishing with new technology accounts for the decrease of the number of big fish.", "The decreasing populations of small fish lead to fewer big fish."]], "questions": ["Why did the number of big predators begin to fall quickly in 1970?", "Which of the following would scientists most probably agree with?", "What can we conclude from the passage?"], "article": "You may have heard the popular saying, \"there are always more fish in the sea\". But as many new studies show, fish populations are changing, and not necessarily for the better.\nConsider the case of big, predatory   fish. These giants, like sharks and cod  , eat other smaller fish. Big fish are an important part of the marine ecosystem   because they keep down the numbers of smaller fish. Without fish that eat other fish, populations of smaller swimmers would increase, eating more plants, and leaving less vegetation for other creatures, including future fish.\nAs fierce as predators can be, they're no match for fishing technology. Many people love to catch predatory fish like sharks, cod and tuna, and new studies suggest that over-fishing is threatening these creatures near the top of the marine food chain.\nIn one study, Villy Christensen and his colleagues looked at 200 past studies of marine life to learn how fish populations have changed over time. Christensen reported that between 1910 and 1970, the numbers of big predators decreased slowly, and that in 1970 their populations really started to drop. Around that time, fishing ships began using new tools that led to more fish being caught. The numbers have been falling quickly ever since.\nReg Watson looked at the problem from the perspective of the fishermen. In the middle of the 20thcentury, Watson reported, fishing boats didn't go far from home, and most fish were caught near the shore. That was no longer true by the 1980s. By then, fishing had moved farther from shore, into the open oceans, and was helped by the development of new technologies. But since the 1990s, something has changed. Despite new technologies and more efforts, fishing operations have not continued to develop.\nScientists study historical data to understand the present, and this research is needed to forecast the future of fish and fishing. And the forecast doesn't look good: large predator fish are becoming harder to find, and soon may disappear.", "id": "high21004.txt"}