{"answers": ["A", "B", "B"], "options": [["The school called off courses.", "The school handed out masks to every student.", "The school planned another trip to Cancun.", "The infected students were required to stay at home."], ["milder", "more severe", "more typical", "more gentle"], ["Swine flu is spreading quickly globally.", "Swine flu is confirmed in New York City.", "How does swine flu spread?", "Many people died of swine flu in Mexico."]], "questions": ["What did St. Francis do in response to the outbreak?", "Compared with cases in the U.S., cases in Mexico are  _  .", "Which is the main idea of the article?"], "article": "New York City was dealing with a growing public health threat Sunday after tests confirmed that eight students at a private Catholic high school had contracted the same strain( type ) of the swine flu that has ravaged  Mexico. Some of the school's students had visited Cancun on a spring break trip two weeks ago.\nOfficials reported 68 U.S. cases of swine flu in five states so far, with the latest in Ohio and New York. Unlike in Mexico, cases in the United State have been mild and U.S. health authorities can't yet explain why.\nIn New York City, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention confirmed that there were 45 cases, Mayor Michael Bloomberg said.\nAbout 100 students at St. Francis Preparatory School complained of flu-like symptoms; further tests will determine how many of those cases are swine flu. St. Francis is the largest private Catholic high school in the nation, with 2,700 students. The school canceled classes on Monday and Tuesday in response to the outbreak.\nBloomberg stressed that the New York cases were mild and many are recovering, but said that some family members of students also had flu symptoms.\nIn Mexico, health officials say a strain of swine flu has killed up to 160 people and sickened over 2,000. New York officials said the flu strain discovered in the patients here is the same strain as in Mexico, though all the New York cases are mild.\nSwine flu is a respiratory   disease of pigs caused by type A flu viruses. Human cases are uncommon but can occur in people who are around pigs. It also can be spread from person to person. Symptoms include a high fever, body aches, coughing, sore throat and respiratory congestion .", "id": "high21032.txt"}