{"answers": ["D", "A", "C", "D"], "options": [["He relaxes after he finishes writing.", "He enjoys moving around from place to place.", "He likes to take his family on adventure trips.", "He needs to collect information for stories."], ["To attach labels to the box.", "To interview the workers.", "To carry salt packages.", "To package the salt."], ["Happy.", "Inspired.", "Disappointed.", "Annoyed."], ["To discuss what it is like when a child travels with a parent.", "To describe how places around the world are different.", "To explain which tools are used when packaging salt.", "To show that sometimes events turn out differently than expected."]], "questions": ["Why does Inez's father travel around the world?", "What job does Inez help to do in the salt mine?", "How does Inez feel while working at the salt mine?", "Why does the author most likely write this story?"], "article": "As a newspaper reporter, Inez' s father traveled around the world. He wrote stories about the interesting people he met. On her fifteenth birthday, Inez could hardly believe it when her father announced that she was old enough to go with him on one of his trips! He said his next story would be about salt mining in Europe. Inez had never thought much about salt,she didn' t know what to expect,but she knew she would love being with her father.\nMonths later, when Inez and her father arrived at the salt mine ,they found themselves walking into the middle of a busy workday. Mrs. Walker, the owner, said she would not be available to talk until the workday was over. She suggested that Inez and her father should help out so Inez ' s father would have first-hand experience for his story. Before Inez realized what was happening, she was in the factory. This was not what she had imagined her trip would be like.\nPeople rushed past her carrying hammers, nails, and wood to make boxes for the salt. Everyone seemed to be in such a hurry. As another newly constructed box was pushed at her, Inez spread a label with glue and stuck it on the side of the box. When she had agreed to go with her father on his newspaper assignment, she had pictured an adventure, not hard labor.\nInez looked at the salt covering her father' s once-blue pants and sighed. She could taste the salt in her mouth and smell it in the air. Inez had been using salt all her life, but she had never imagined that it existed in such quantities or that it was so hard to package.\nInez' s father rubbed his hands together and grinned at her. ''I know this probably isn't what you had in mind,\" he said, \"but sometimes the best days are the ones that don' t go as planned.\nBest? she wondered. She had learned two lessons today. One was to value every grain of salt to fall from a shaker. The other was to hear the details before agreeing to go on a job with her father!", "id": "high21037.txt"}