{"answers": ["D", "B"], "options": [["movies can easily seize the depths of characters", "books provide more visual stimuli than movies", "books leave readers nothing to interpret and imagine", "movies are usually time limited compared with books"], ["Movies: Easy Form of Entertainment", "Books: Better Form of Entertainment", "How to Produce Movies Based on Books", "Why Are We Satisfied at Movies"]], "questions": ["We learn from the text that   _  .", "Which of the following would be the best title for the text?"], "article": "Anyone who reads a book and then goes to see a movie based on that book generally leaves the movie feeling a little disappointed. Why might this be? Both books and movies serve the purpose of entertainment. Both books and movies offer characters and plots. And, both books and movies provide a setting for a story. Books, however, offer a more attractive and complex form of entertainment than movies. \nAlthough movies are entertaining to watch, books have advantages over them. First, books, in comparison to movies, can more easily seize the depths of characters and create a complex setting through the use of rich description. Books leave it up to the reader to interpret, imagine, and recreate the story in his or her own mind. However, movies are action packed and provide lots of visual stimuli ; still, it is the movie not the viewer that interprets the characters, plot, and setting. Second, books are not limited to time. A writer can write as much or as little as necessary in order to create and tell a story. Movies, on the other hand, are limited to an hour and a half to two hours of entertaining time before the audience  begins to get restless. Last, reading is an  _ form of entertainment. Readers can improve their level of reading and vocabulary in a harmless, healthy, and pleasurable way. Movies, on the other hand, are not as complex and entertaining as books, and they leave nothing to interpret. Therefore, the advantages and entertainment value of books outweigh  those of a movie. \nTo conclude, books, through interpretation, help the reader develop a sense of relationship to the characters and the story itself, but a movie strictly entertains. Books are a better form of entertainment than movies.", "id": "high21038.txt"}