{"answers": ["B", "A", "D", "B"], "options": [["advantage of bikes", "cycling in   America", "American transportation", "how to ride a bike"], ["can help keep fit", "are easy to learn", "are safer to ride", "are expensive and popular"], ["Cyclists do not care for traffic lights.", "People ride on the wrong side of the roads.", "Cycling is not considered a way of transportation.", "People have to pedal backwards to stop the bike."], ["many Americans enjoyed cycling", "cycling was popular in the world.", "racing bikes were better than ordinary ones.", "there were no special roads for bikes in America."]], "questions": ["The passage gives us a brief introduction   _  .", "Young Americans prefer racing bikes because they   _  .", "Which of the following does NOT result from the early drop in cycling in the USA?", "From the passage we can learn that in the middle of the 20thcentury   _  ."], "article": "While the rest of the world carried on cycling during the 1950s and 1960s , America forgot how ; even high-school children would drive to school . Recently there has been something of a recovery in cycling , and in many areas it is a very useful way of getting around , especially where bike paths or bike routes have been built . You may well want to buy , hire or borrow a bike .\nThere are two important results of this earlier drop in cycling in the USA . One is that many people do not know how to cycle . That is , cyclists often behave more like walkers than motorists : they ride in the sidewalk or on the wrong side of the road ; they do not care for stop signs or traffic lights ; they ride without lights at night ; they give no signals .\nThe other result is that cycling is regarded by many people not so much as a way of getting from one place to another but as a way of life , a form of exercise , etc . As a result , large numbers of young Americans have ten-speed racing bikes . These are very high and fast and great if you are cycling long distance , riding up mountains or racing . At first , though , you may find them convenient for cycling in town , sightseeing or shopping --they are expensive , uncomfortable and hard to control until you get used to them , and unsuitable for rough stony roads .\nThere are also ordinary bikes around . If you get hold of one of these ,you may find that the brakes  work by pedaling   backwards . This is perhaps safer than ordinary brakes when it is wet , but it seems to be less effective . This arrangement also means you can't pedal backwards in order to get the pedal in the right place for getting on or getting off .", "id": "high21053.txt"}