{"answers": ["D", "C"], "options": [["Herbal medicine is less expensive.", "Western medicines can't work very well in some areas.", "China has already set a good example of combining Eastern and Western medicines.", "All of the above."], ["Chinese medicine only.", "Western medicine only.", "Both with different emphasis.", "Both equally."]], "questions": ["What is the true reason for Western doctors to turn to the ancient wisdom of the East ?", "What do you think a Chinese doctor should learn?"], "article": "Not long ago, many doctors in the West laughed at the suggestion that they might learn something from traditional Asian systems of healing. Most of them thought that Asian herbal   medicine and acupuncture  were believed in only by simple people who knew no better. Western doctors relied mainly on chemical cures as the safest and surest way to treat illnesses. The scientific age of antibiotics , \"miracle drugs\" and heart transplants encouraged the public to believe that there must be a pill for every illness. It was true that often the drug companies provided what the public wanted: a speedy temporary cure and did not remove the real cause of the illness. Moreover, some people actually became ill through taking too much medicine.\nMany people in the West are now beginning to look for more natural cures for their illnesses and often they turn to the ancient wisdom of the East. There are some doctors in Britain now who offer their patients acupuncture treatment. Recently an Indian company which produces a natural medicine based on the biba root has sold some to Germany. The World Health Organization(WHO) encourages doctors not to rely too greatly on expensive Western medicines but to choose them carefully and also use their traditional herbal cures.\nThe mixture of Eastern and Western medicine has been practiced very successfully in China. China is still the only country in the world where the traditional doctor using herbal medicine and acupuncture is as respected as the Western-trained doctor. Through China all types of doctors are expected to work together. Western-style doctors are required to take at least a one-year course in traditional medicine, and the acupunctures must also study the basics of  western medicine. China's way of \"having the best of both worlds\" has greatly impressed many visiting doctors from the West.\nExperts from the WHO have decided that the time has come to study herbal medicine very carefully and to decide, by carefully controlled scientific experiments, what good these medicine might do. They are especially interested in finding cures for illnesses which Western medicine has found \"incurable\". Six WHO units have been set up in Hong Kong, Seoul, Sri Lanka, London and Chicago, and so far the results have been encouraging.", "id": "high21050.txt"}