{"answers": ["C", "B", "A", "B"], "options": [["The Internet offers schools abundant learning materials.", "Online learning changes the traditional learning way.", "The traditional classrooms become outdated because of the Internet.", "Online learning is seen to be more successful than traditional teaching."], ["stays at home alone", "keeps in touch with classmates through the Internet", "keeps going to school", "searches for information in a traditional library"], ["Positive", "Negative", "Neutral", "Uninterested"], ["Internet Development", "Online Education", "Internet Advantages", "Online Teaching"]], "questions": ["Which of the following statements is NOT true?", "As a first time mother, the author  _  .", "What's the author's attitude towards the Internet?", "What is the best title of the passage?"], "article": "Education plays a very important role in everybody's life. We go to school because we want to know more about the world around us. The typical classroom used to be the place where teachers and students were working and exploring the wonderful world of knowledge together, but now everything has changed.\nThe Internet is one of those approaches. Learning via the Internet is a new style that seems to become successful than the traditional teaching. The Internet provides schools with a large amount of learning material that is accessible to students online. Owing to the choices of courses online, completing a program becomes much easier.\nWe used to go to the library when we needed information and spend hours searching for the right sources. Today there is a \"library\" in our house and it is available 24 hours a day. From my personal experience, being a first time mother, I find that using information online is very helpful. While I am at home with my baby, I can still search for the material I need and exchange thoughts and information with my classmates without leaving my house.\nThe Internet is not only a big information provider but also a money and time saver. People predict that education will be much cheaper in the future because of Internet access to information. The cost of land, building and wages for teachers are continuously increasing. In addition, regular courses (offline) depend heavily on books and other paper-based materials, while online education posts lectures, and assignments electronically, which saves thousands of dollars every year.\nWith no physical restrictions, the Internet classes and courses are also very convenient. In classroom-based education there is a limitation on the number of students while Internet education is available to everyone. Students don't have to struggle in order to register for classes they like. \nStudents will have more choices to take their courses and classes online. The Internet offers a wonderful opportunity to obtain knowledge in a more convenient and less expensive way. In my opinion, online life in the future is simply inescapable.", "id": "high21069.txt"}