{"answers": ["B", "C", "D"], "options": [["It's necessary to get explanations in your own language about a foreign language.", "It's important to listen to and read things in order to get used to a foreign language.", "You can speak accurately as long as you have grasped plenty of foreign words.", "It's true to learn a foreign language by yourself completely other than anyone else."], ["To make a comparison about which is the best way to learn a foreign language.", "To make an advertisement for some foreign language training centre.", "To introduce the effective ways to learn a foreign language.", "To encourage students to learn a foreign language well."], ["listen or read whatever you come across", "recite the words and phrases by yourself", "make your own vocabulary lists for review", "make sure you spend enough time to learn it"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?", "What is the author's intention by writing this passage?", "If you are suffering from the trouble that you can't remember vocabulary, you must   _  ."], "article": "Learn a Foreign Language\nSpend the time!\nThe more time you spend with the language, the faster you will learn. This means listening, reading, writing, speaking, and studying words and phrases. This does not mean sitting in class looking out the window, nor listening to other students who do not speak well, nor getting explanations in your own language about how the language works. This means spending time enjoyably connected to the language you are learning.\nListen and read every day!\nListen wherever you are on your MP3 player. Read what you are listening to. Listen to and read things that you like, things that you can mostly understand, or even partly understand. If you keep listening and reading you will get used to the language. One hour of listening or reading is more effective than many hours of class time.\nFocus on words and phrases!\nBuild up your vocabulary, you'll need lots. Start to notice words and how they come together as phrases. Learn these words and phrases through your listening and reading. Read online, using online dictionaries, and make your own vocabulary lists for review. Soon you will run into your new words and phrases elsewhere. Gradually you will be able to use them. Do not worry about how accurately you speak until you have  _ plenty of words through listening and reading.\nTake responsibility for your own learning!\nIf you do not want to learn the language, you won't. If you do want to learn the language, take control. Choose content of interest, which you want to listen to and read. Seek out the words and phrases that you need to understand your listening and reading. Do not wait for someone else to show you the language, nor to tell you what to do. Discover the language by yourself, like a child growing up. Talk when you feel like it. Write when you feel like it. A teacher cannot teach you to become fluent, but you can learn to become fluent if you want to.\nRelax and enjoy yourself!\nDo not worry about what you cannot remember, or cannot yet understand, or cannot yet say. It does not matter. You are learning and improving. The language will gradually become clearer in your brain, just make sure you spend enough time with the language. That is the greatest guarantee of success.", "id": "high21064.txt"}