{"answers": ["B", "B"], "options": [["Trees and grass", "Incredible things from the nature", "The whole world", "Walking, fishing and camping"], ["What the Nature is", "What Wonderful Natural Gifts are", "How to Enjoy Nature", "How to Get Incredible Things"]], "questions": ["What are the world's wonderful gifts in the author's eye?", "Which might be the title of the passage?"], "article": "Have you ever wanted to enjoy the world's wonderful gifts? This earth is a beautiful place. If you look at nature, and see just trees, and grass, do you realize what incredible things you are missing? \nGo outside. If you want to feel more connected to the earth, the first step is to experience it for yourself. Choose a place that you think that you could thoroughly enjoy. A quiet place set away from civilization is best. One of the key things is that it must be calm and quiet. Any natural setting will do, whether it is a forest or grassland, lake or mountain. \n  Sit down on a rock, some dry leaves, or simply on the ground. Get comfortable with your surroundings, and really take in the sounds and the feel of everything around you. Try not to focus on \"the big picture\"--stead, notice the little details of things; for example: how many ridges are there on a leaf? Do you see any animals around you? If so,  pay attention to kinds of things that happen lower to the ground. \nNext, close your eyes, and picture in your mind the nature that surrounds you. The point is to sense that you are in a beautiful place. \n  Do something peaceful, such as fishing or meditating in the woods. You will be amazed at how relaxing it is to just sit back and enjoy the natural sounds of the woods and birds. \n  Go on a hike. Walking is great exercise and the pace of it will allow you to see and hear the little things. Don't let time or distance scare you. There are hikes of all lengths and difficulties. \n  Go camping or backpacking. Don't forget to look at the stars, whether you know anything about them yet or not. Often, they will appear brighter and more numerous when you are away from the light and smog of cities. \nPractice primitive skills while in the woods to share a connection with our ancestors, if you want to go further. See the external links for suggestions. \nDoing these kinds of things will bring about an appreciation of nature, and make you realize how beautiful it is, and that we too, are creatures of this earth.", "id": "high21065.txt"}