{"answers": ["D", "B", "C", "A", "C"], "options": [["show how to become a speaker", "explain the importance of working hard", "persuade us to get rid of bad habits", "tell us to avoid Time Management mistakes"], ["do what you want to do", "work with a clean desk", "get as much sleep as possible", "not have a lunch break every day"], ["Working with a plan of action can save one and a half hours per day.", "Studies have shown that most people work with a messy desk.", "People can't get a full night's sleep mainly because of too much stress.", "The longer people take a lunch break, the more efficiently they will work."], ["Time waits for no man", "Good order is the foundation of all things", "A year's plan starts with spring", "No rest, no work"], ["A Time Management Speaker", "How to Make a Plan", "Time Management Mistakes", "How to Get Enough Sleep"]], "questions": ["The author writes this passage to   _  .", "According to the passage, if you want to increase daily success, you'd better   _  .", "What can we learn from the passage?", "The author holds the following opinions EXCEPT   _  .", "The best title for the passage is   _  ."], "article": "In my thirty years as a Time Management speaker, I have observed a lot of what we can and should not do to increase our daily success. Time management is not necessarily working harder, but quicker and more smartly. Sometimes our mistakes will keep us from running at a full pace. Here are the top four Time Management mistakes we should all avoid to help us to increase our daily success.\na. Start your day without a plan of action in the morning. If so, you will have worked hard but may not have done enough of right things. Time Management is not doing the wrong things. \nb. Work with a messy desk or work area. Studies have shown that the person who works with a messy desk spends one and a half hours per day looking for things. If you have ever visited the office of a top manager who is working with a clean desk, you will find that the manager works efficiently .\nc. Don't get enough sleep. Studies show that nearly 75% of the people around us complain about not having  enough sleep, and then throughout their days they are tired. For most people, they get the quantity of sleep, but they lack the quality of sleep. Their days are filled with so much stress; they are out of control, working harder but maybe not more smartly, so it's difficult for them to get a full night's sleep. \nd. Don't take a lunch break. Many do not take a lunch break, working through that period in the hope that it will give them more time to increase their success. Studies have shown that it may have the opposite effect. After doing what we do for several hours, we start to feel tired. A lunch break, even short, gives us a chance to get our energy back again.", "id": "high21087.txt"}