{"answers": ["B", "C", "A", "D", "C"], "options": [["Computer Newspapers Are Well Liked", "Newspapers of the Future Will Likely Be on Computers", "Paper Newspapers Are out of Fashion", "Communications Technology in the Future"], ["it is technologically impossible now", "computer newspapers are too expensive", "both the general people and professional journalists are against them", "traditional newspapers are easy to read"], ["They are cheaper than newspapers.", "They are convenient to use.", "You can get more information from them quickly.", "You can easily save information for future use."], ["they don't know how to use computers", "they think computer newspapers take too much time to read", "they are afraid that they might be unfit for their jobs", "they have been trained to work for traditional newspapers"], ["all technological changes are good", "all technologies will eventually replace old ones", "new technologies will replace old ones sooner or later", "traditional newspapers will stay for another century"]], "questions": ["The best title for this passage is   _  .", "It might take 30 or 40 years for computer newspapers to replace traditional newspapers because   _  .", "Which of the following is NOT an advantage of computer newspapers?", "The reason why journalists are not eager to accept computer newspapers is that   _  .", "We can infer from the passage that   _  ."], "article": "Sometimes in the next century, the familiar early-newspaper on the front porch will disappear. And instead of reading your newspaper, it will read to you. You'll get up and turn on the computer newspaper just like switching on the TV. An electronic voice will distribute stories about the latest events, guided by a program that selects the type of news you want. You'll even get to choose the kind of voice you want to hear. Want more information on the brief story? A simple touch makes the entire text appear. Save it in your own personal computer if you like. These are among the predictions from communication experts working on the newspaper of the future. Pictured as part of broader home based media and entertainment systems, computer newspapers would unite print and broadcast reporting, offering news and analysis with video images of news events.\nMost of the technology is available now, but convincing  more people that they don't need paper to read a newspaper is the next step. But resistance to computer newspapers may be stronger from within journalism. Since it is such a cultural change, it may be that the present generation of journalists and publishers will have to die off before the next generation realize that the newspaper industry is no longer a newspaper industry. Technology is making the end of traditional newspapers unavoidable.\nDespite technological advances, it could take decades to replace news-print with computer screens. It might take 30 to 40 years to complete the changeover because people need to buy computers and because newspapers have established financial  interests in the paper industry.", "id": "high21094.txt"}