{"answers": ["D", "B", "C"], "options": [["know the exact number of mummies in Egypt", "know what the Book of the Dead contains", "know how mummies were decorated", "know more about Egypt's ancient religions"], ["45.", "98.", "70.", "57."], ["a large number of tombs were discovered only in Lahoun", "the cloth covering mummies is decorated with beautiful patterns", "Egyptians believed in ancient Egyptian Gods, who'd help them through the underworld", "the oldest and largest tombs were discovered in Lahoun"]], "questions": ["The discovery of these tombs will let scientists   _  .", "How many tombs have been discovered in the same area in the past two years?", "According to the passage, we can infer   _  ."], "article": "Archaeologists have discovered 45 ancient Egyptian tombs in Lahoun, Egypt. The site is about 70 miles south of Cairo, Egypt's capital. In most of the tombs they found a decorated painted wooden coffin. Each one captains a mummy  . In one tomb, 12 coffins from around 1500 B.C. were found piled on top of one another, so the actual number of mummies comes to 57.\n   The oldest tombs that were discovered date back to around 2750 BC. The discovery will give scientists more information about Egypt's ancient religions.\nEgypt's archaeology chief, Zahi Hawass, said many of the mummies were covered in cloth with drawings of ancient Egyptian gods. The cloth is also decorated with texts from the Book of the Dead and scenes featuring ancient Egyptian gods. The book contains instructions and information that ancient Egyptians thought would help dead people deal with difficulties that they would come across in the afterlife. \n   Abdel Rahman El-Aydi is the head of the archaeological team that made the discovery. He said some of the tombs were decorated with religious texts. The ancient Egyptians believed these texts, like the Book of the Dead, would help the dead person to cross through the underworld. \nThe recent discovery of the 45 tombs isn't the first in Lahoun. Last year, some 53 stone tombs dating back to various ancient periods were found in the same area.", "id": "high21098.txt"}