{"answers": ["A", "B", "A", "A"], "options": [["Because it was scared by the noise made by Ian's shouting.", "Because Hagar rushed to grab the baby from its jaws.", "Because it wanted to attack Iris and took her away.", "Because Hagar and Ian were chasing it back into the woods."], ["He was called Chinese Harry Potter because he was very brave.", "His deed was spread both in Canada and the US.", "He was better at fighting and wrestling compared with Hagar.", "He was too shocked to move to the vehicle in the incident."], ["He held, hugged and kissed the baby in the passenger seat.", "He drove the car as quickly as possible to find a hospital.", "He encouraged the baby telling him to be awake.", "He held the heavily- bleeding wound of the baby."], ["Saving Lives From the Jaws of Death", "Experiencing a Family Outing", "Taking Care of Two Children", "Interviewing a Clever Young Student"]], "questions": ["Why did the cougar drop the baby?", "Which of the following statements about Shen Huigang is TRUE?", "What did Ian do in the car to keep the baby awake?", "Which of the following can be the best title for this passage?"], "article": "He was a hero that saved two children from the jaws of a cougar . Standing barely 1.7 meters, the 22-year-old with black-frame glasses might pass more for a Chinese Harry Potter. Yet Shen Huigang is now getting recognition for his bravery in fighting off a cougar on Vancouver Island, Canada, during a family outing. Shen, also known as Ian, was then an exchange student. With him was a friend, Myles Hagar, and Hagar's two grandchildren. Silently and suddenly a cougar appeared out of nowhere. By the time they spotted the cat, it already had the head of 18-month-old Julien in its mouth.\n\"At first, my brain was nothing but blank,\" Shen recalled. \"But I believed I could get the child back.\" He gestured as if he were ready for a fight, and tried to scare the beast off with his bag. Hearing the noise Shen made, the animal dropped the baby and Hagar rushed to grab his grandson. But the animal didn't run, instead turned toward 3-year-old Iris standing beside Shen. \"Had Ian not been there, shouting at the cougar, remaining calm and standing firm, it would certainly have attacked Iris.\" Hagar recalled.\nThey chased the animal back into the woods. \"We moved slowly to our vehicle as we waved our fists and bags, pretending to wrestle it,\" Shen said. \"The vehicle wasn't far away but it felt like it took us a century to travel the short journey.\" As Hagar drove for help, Shen held the heavily-bleeding boy in the passenger seat and calmly kept him awake by hugging and kissing him in case he would go into a coma . The boy was flown to a hospital nearby. Doctors later said his little skull had been punctured  through to his brain in two places. Luckily, Julien made a full recovery.\n\"Any hesitation, even a second delay, would have resulted in certain death for Julien, but Ian was there...\" Hagar said. Following the incident, the story appeared on Canadian TV networks in every city, and in many small town newspapers---plus many US Internet news sites. The Royal Canadian Humane Association planned to give Shen a Canada Bravery Award, but it couldn't reach him because he had returned to China.", "id": "high211.txt"}