{"answers": ["D", "B"], "options": [["The friendship between America and Indonesia.", "The political views of Obama from his childhood.", "The determination and hard work of young Obama.", "Mr. Obama's friends when he was young in Indonesia."], ["Their nationality is American.", "They shoot a film when they are young.", "they have the experience of living in Indonesia.", "Hasan has a white mother and a black father."]], "questions": ["What is the film Damien Dematra produced mainly about?", "Which is NOTtrue about Obama and Hasan Faruq Ali?"], "article": "The producer of a new Indonesian movie about President Obama's childhood years in Jakarta  is hoping that interested Americans will flock to see the film, Little Obama, in theatres across the country.\nLittle Obama is the creation of Damien Dematra, an Indonesian writer and artist who has worked on the project since November when he was struck with the idea of writing about the time a young Obama lived in Jakarta with his mother and stepfather in the late 1960s and early 1970s.\nThe film is based on a novel published in March Obama Anak Menteng, and focuses on the president's childhood friendships in Indonesia.\nThe novel and the film are fictionalized(-) accounts of the president's time in Jakarta and are based on interviews with people who are childhood friends and neighbours of Mr. Obama. Many Indonesians share a deep pride about a man who spent part of his shaping years in the country and went on to become U.S. president.\nThe film star is a 14-year-old Hasan Faruq Ali, an American who has lived in Indonesia with his family for about 10 years. Like the president, he is the son of a white mother and a black father. Since filming began, he has been under the shine of media attention. \"My whole life changed overnight,\" he says.\nThe film, which was made on a budget of $1 million, won't get its first public screening until Wednesday, but ads for the movie on YouTube have got a few thousand hits. It isn't clear whether Little Obamawill get a U.S. release , but the film's producer says he is in talks with a U.S. distributor .", "id": "high21103.txt"}