{"answers": ["A", "B", "C"], "options": [["Some developments in seat belts, pedal controls and tyres.", ".A digital camera that can help drivers to see obstacles in fog.", ".Satellite tracking that can help drivers to improve their vision.", "Artificial intelligence that help drivers to see through big vehicles."], ["To call for help when one's car crashes.", ".To track the car down when it is being stolen.", ".To prevent car thieves from getting into your car.", "To call for help when the car gets jammed in the traffic."], ["The improvements inside cars help to protect drivers.", ".The use of artificial intelligence can reduce car crash rate.", ".Different technology has been researched to avoid car troubles.", "The serious fact of road accidents needs the concern of everyone."]], "questions": ["What has been researched to improve the safety of a car according to the passage?", "What is the most important purpose of innovations that use satellite tracking and remote communications?", "What is the passage mainly about?"], "article": "1.2 million road deaths worldwide occur each year, plus a further 50 million injuries. Toreduce car crash rate, much research now is focused on safety and new fuelsthough some electric vehicle and biofuel research aims at going faster.\n Traveling at speed has always been risky. One cutting edge area of research in motoring safety is the use of digital in-car assistants. They can ensure you don't miss key road signs or fall asleep. The use of artificial intelligence software allows these assistants to monitor your driving and makes sure your phone or radio doesn't distract you at a vital moment. Most crashes result from human and not mechanical faulfs.\nSome safety developments aim to improve your vision. Radar can spot obstacles in fog, while other technology \"sees through\" high-sided vehicles blocking your view.\n And improvements to seat belts, pedal controls and tyres are making driving smoother and safer. The color1 of a car has been found to be linked with safety, as have, less surprisingly, size and shape.\n And alternatives to fossil-fuel based petrol, such as plant oils, are a hot area of research. Fuel cells based on hydrogen burn cleanly, and are the subject of a serious research effort.\n But whatever is in the fuel tank,you don't want a thief in the driving seat and there have been many innovations ,some using satellite tracking and remote communications, to fight against car theft. These communication systems can also come into play if you crash, automatically calling for help.\n  Accidents cause many traffic jams, but there are slighter interplays between vehicles that can cause jams even on a clear but busy road, such jams can be analyzed using statistical tools. Robotic drivers could be programmed to make traffic flow smoothly and will perhaps one day be everyone's personal tool, but their latest efforts suggest that won't be soon.", "id": "high21110.txt"}