{"answers": ["C"], "options": [["invent something useful", "imagine anything they like", "become more confident in themselves", "develop an interest in doing experiments"]], "questions": ["Performing drama is likely to help children  _  ."], "article": "Drama and the performing arts are excellent methods of building confidence in children and adults alike. Learning through drama allows children to explore their creativity and have fun while leaving their shyness and worries behind. Drama also works by supporting the growth of imagination and other skills.\nEntertainmet has become rather passive with cinema, television, and computer games becoming more popular. These screen-based methods have had a negative effect on communication. However, drama puts the \" _ \" back into entertainment. Children have the opportunity to connect with others in a more meaningful way as drama encourages speech development and awareness of body language, and allows the child to become more socially aware.\nPlay and drama are closely linked. When children play a game, they are pretending and using their imagination and so are moving away from reality to create their own story. Drama is a vehicle through which children can express themselves more freely through mime , gesture, movement, and speech to make education fun.\nChildren gain confidence by understanding that there is no final answer in drama and that their opinion and contribution are valued. Children are able to give a personal response to many issues and situations such as poverty, bullying , global warming and recycling. The issues that drama can deal with are endless. Drama and education have a strong link as drama can encourage children to take an active interest in other subjects such as geography, history, and English and so have a more rounded education.\nAs a drama teacher, I have witnessed children at their first class holding onto their parent's arm-unwilling to let go. Then to see the same child later running ino my class with smile is an excellent sight. Drama installs confidence in children by allowing them to improvise  and experiment. Everyone is given the opportunity to shine within drama.", "id": "high21128.txt"}