{"answers": ["C", "A", "D", "D"], "options": [["positive thinking can cure you of your diseases", "positive thinking can easily be generated by anyone", "a decline of hormone may cause you to be depressed", "a specific chemical reaction is the cause of negative thinking"], ["Feeling and thoughts can generate each other.", "It's easier to control thoughts than to control feelings.", "Your success depends wholly on your attitude.", "Keeping smiling will surely make you successful."], ["control your feeling to what is happening to you", "be king in your office", "pay no attention to what is going on around you", "take positive attitude in the office of militant negativism"], ["The Bad Effect of Negative Thinking", "Why Should People Think", "Thinking: The Vital Way", "Positive Thinking Benefits People"]], "questions": ["We can infer from the passage that  _  .", "According to the passage, which of the following is true?", "Just like a one-eyed man in the land of the blind, you should  _  .", "The best title to the passage is  _  ."], "article": "One would have to be a fool to overlook  the importance of using positive  thinking for you rather than allowing negative thinking to work against you. In recent years, research in psychopharmacology   has proved what many people have known over the centuries: a positive attitude is good for you, good for your health, good for your wealth, good for everything. Researchers found that a positive attitude produces a specific chemical reaction which makes people feel better, while negative thinking results in a decline of hormone   and shuts down the immune   system. This leads to illness and depression. Positive thoughts will make you feel better. Even if you must begin by literally forcing yourself to be positive (faking it, so to speak), it will become contagious   and the positive thoughts will generate nice little chemicals and good feelings which will reinforce the positive thoughts.\nFor example, if you force yourself to smile or laugh, even when you don't feel like smiling or laughing, if you keep at it for a few minutes, you will soon feel like it. Feelings can generate  thoughts, but thoughts can also generate feelings. Control your thoughts and you can control your feelings. Positive thinking is important in all aspects of our lives. There is probably no single factor more important in determining your success in achieving your career objectives than your own attitude.\nIt's often been said that in the land of the blind, the one-eyed man is king. And in the office of militant   negativism, the positive workers shine like gold. You cannot control external events, but you can learn to control your reaction to those events and thereby have a positive attitude and be happy. This vital key to success is totally within your control. Use it.", "id": "high2113.txt"}