{"answers": ["D", "B", "B"], "options": [["when given equality of opportunity", "through doing business", "by protecting their individual freedom", "by way of competition"], ["Honest businessmen.", "Both businessmen and their customers.", "People with ideals of equality and freedom.", "Both business institutions and government."], ["Americans are more ambitious than people in other countries", "in many countries success often depends on one's social status", "American businesses are more democratic than those in other countries", "businesses in other countries are not as competitive as those in America"]], "questions": ["Americans believe that they can realize their personal values only   _  .", "Who can benefit from business competition?", "It can be inferred from the passage that the author believes   _  ."], "article": "President Coolidge's statement, \"The business of America is business,\" still points to an important truth today---that business institutions have more prestige in American society than any other kind of organization, including the government. Why do business institutions possess this great prestige?\nOne reason is that Americans view business as being more firmly based on the ideal of competition than other institutions in society. Since competition is seen as the major source of progress and prosperity by most Americans, competitive business institutions are respected. Competition is not only good in itself, it is the means by which other basic American values such as individual freedom, equality of opportunity, and hard work are protected.\nCompetition protects the freedom of the individual by ensuring that there is no monopoly of power. In contrast to one, all-powerful government, many businesses compete against each other for profits. Theoretically, if one business tries to take unfair advantage of its customers, it will lose to competing business which treats its customers more fairly. Where many businesses compete for the customers' dollar, they cannot afford to treat them like inferiors or slaves.\nA contrast is often made between business, which is competitive, and government, which is a monopoly. Because business is competitive, many Americans believe that it is more supportive of freedom than government, even though government leaders are elected by the people and business leaders are not. Many Americans believe, then, that competition is as important, or even more important, than democracy in preserving freedom.\nCompetition in business is also believed to strengthen the ideal of equality of opportunity. Competition is seen as an open and fair race where success goes to the swiftest person regardless of his or her social class background. Competitive success is commonly seen as the American alternative to social rank based on family background. Business is therefore viewed as an expression of the idea of equality of opportunity rather than the noble idea of inherited privilege.", "id": "high21149.txt"}