{"answers": ["D", "B", "C", "A"], "options": [["Milk: is it really necessary for children?", "The disadvantages of drinking milk.", "Milk causes health problems.", "Milk: is it really good for the body?"], ["avoid milk with Vitamin D and Vitamin A added", "spend some time exercising", "take in as much calcium as possible", "drink more than two glasses of milk every day"], ["milk is the most important thing that we need for our bones", "children should not be permitted to eat cream", "milk should be considered more like a food than a nutrient", "children should drink milk whether they like it or not"], ["Some dairy products may harm our health.", "Milk has the highest level of protein of any food.", "The writer seldom drank milk when he was young", "People who drink milk every day are at a high risk of getting a heart disease."]], "questions": ["What is the best title for this passage?", "For people who want to reduce the risk of osteoporosis, we can infer that the writer may suggest that they   _  .", "Based on the passage, we learn the writer may agree that   _  .", "What can we learn from the passage?"], "article": "For all dinner tables, a glass of milk seems to be a must. At least it was when I was growing up. It is widely believed that milk is a must in building strong bones and teeth. There's no doubt that dairy products, especially milk, are high in protein and calcium, and Vitamin D and Vitamin A are added to most milk products.\nWhile it's well known that our bones need calcium, some studies suggest that high calcium intake doesn't necessarily lower a person's risk for fractures . A Harvard study found that people who drank two or more glasses of milk had no greater protection from breaking a bone than those who drank a glass or less a week.\nThere is no doubt that we need calcium. Some anti-dairy supporters claim dairy products can lead to heart disease. Much of this claim is based on high-fat dairy products, like cheese and cream, which may indeed lead to some health problems. Some studies have linked high milk intakes with a risk of prostate cancer; this seems also to be caused by high-fat dairy products, but not by dairy products in general.\nAlthough milk has always been regarded as the most important thing we need for our bones, one of the most important things in strengthening bones and reducing the risk of osteoporosis is weight-bearing exercise, such as jogging, walking, and weight lifting.\nPerhaps we should think of dairy products as less like a nutrient and more like a food. If you like it, eat it. If not, find something else to eat. Some claims may not be completely true. When I eat cream, I'm not thinking about calcium, protein, or any such thing. I'm thinking it is delicious.", "id": "high2114.txt"}