{"answers": ["C", "D", "B"], "options": [["will be respected by the locals.", "will forget their ancestors.", "may be treated unfair.", "may have difficulty overcoming homesickness."], ["Because they may give up their own culture.", "Because they have to solve everything on their own.", "Because they can recite a lot of things and write them down.", "Because they can meet and make friends with people from around the world."], ["Should students study abroad and work there?", "Should students leave their own country and study abroad?", "Should students studying abroad give up their own culture?", "Should students learn how to be mature and independent?\n(\"756-60)"]], "questions": ["Students studying abroad   _  .", "Why can studying abroad widen the view of students?", "Which of the following can best serve as a title for this passage?"], "article": "Recently more students are choosing to study abroad as they think it is worthwhile. However, some people think it is not a good idea. There are a number of disadvantages in studying abroad. The following paragraphs will explain why students have these views and the advantages of studying abroad will be discussed.\n  Students studying abroad may suffer from racial discrimination . As they left their home country, they will become part of a minority group in the new country. The majority group may have a sense of superiority and try to bully them. It is common that Americans or the British discriminate against people from other countries since many of them think that white people are better than others.\n  In addition, the students may lose their own cultures. Since they have moved to a new place, all the thing there - people, lifestyle and the living environment---would be different from those in their own country. As they will have close contact with the local people and culture, they will be influenced by the new culture even without realizing it. It is ironic that a Chinese person speaks better English than Chinese and forgets about Chinese culture after studying abroad for a few years.\n  On the other hand, studying abroad will widen the view of students. Although they may give up their own culture, they can really learn from others. As students of the modern world , they should not limit their scope to their home country, but get exposed to the world. Studying abroad can help them expand their horizon and learn many things in the host country, as they will meet and make friends with people from all over the world. So, studying abroad is good for them.\n  Furthermore, students will learn how to be mature and independent. Students, when in their home country, usually rely on their parents. Statistics show that Chinese students usually rely heavily on their parents; they will leave problems alone and ask their parents to solve them. If they are studying abroad, on many occasions they have to learn how to cope with difficulties they meet. As a result, studying abroad benefits them.\n   Moreover, the education system of the foreign country may be better than the home country's education system. The home country's education system is very limited. Many teachers just spoon-feed their students. They will ask the students to recite a lot of things and then ask them to write them down. This choice of subjects in school, especially in secondary school, is very narrow; the students cannot choose what they want most. But in some schools in Britain and America, students can choose from a wider range of subjects at school. For example, media studies and corporate communications are courses of study in some schools of those two countries. If students choose to study abroad, they may have the opportunity to learn more things under a better education system.\n   All in all, studying abroad will change and influence a student in many aspects. Although it is uncertain if the effects will be positive or negative, I believe students should seize the opportunity to study abroad because they will meet many new things and have new experiences in the new country. If they are clever enough, I think they can find a balance between learning about the new culture and holding onto their own one.", "id": "high21159.txt"}