{"answers": ["B", "D", "A"], "options": [["cost a large part of the hospital's budget", "meet the need for nurses in the hospital for a short time", "should work on a weekly basis and on a scheduled timetable", "ought to work passively for thirty continuous weeks"], ["To convince people of the benefits of being a nurse.", "To ask the government for help to work out specific legislation.", "To publicize the past achievements of nurses.", "To make people aware of the importance of being a nurse."], ["Worried", "Indifferent", "Doubtful", "Optimistic"]], "questions": ["The temporary staff hired by a hospital   _  .", "According to Buerhaus, what is a successful solution to the nurse shortage?", "What's the author's attitude towards nurse shortage?"], "article": "Is there a nationwide shortage of nurses? It's hard to say. However, some characteristic symptoms often indicate that there is indeed a shortage.\nOne symptom is the vacancy rate, or the percentage of budgeted positions that are unfilled. New England's hospitals currently report that an average of 7 to 12 percent of their registered nurse positions are vacant, the highest level since the last shortage in the late 1980s. Vermont has a  ly low vacancy rate, at 7.8 percent. But its vacancies were at 1.2 percent just five years ago.\nAnother symptom is the increased use of stopgap measures to fill empty positions. For instance, many nurses report an  _ in how frequently they are asked to stay past their shifts. According to Murphy, working in the St. Elizabeth's Hospital, \"The shortage has definitely created a lot of opportunities of overtime for our nurses, whether they want them or not.\" Similarly, a national survey of registered nurses shows that in an average week, nurses in the U.S. work 2.4 more hours than they are scheduled to. Much of this extra time is voluntary, as nurses earn overtime pay when they stay to fill in blanks in the schedule.\nWhen they can't fill open positions by more traditional means, health care providers hire temporary staff to tide them over. Travelling workers are the largest part of the temporary health care workforce, hired for thirteen-week reduction at health care facilities facing short-term lack of workers. Temporary workers, mainly nurses, cost hospitals $ 7.2 billion in 2000.\n\"Any successful solution to the shortage depends on convincing more people to become nurses, and that is not an easy goal to reach. To achieve it,\" says Buerhaus, \"society needs to place more value on nursing. Legislation   can't do that - it should come from people.\" And if this continues, we might have to learn to care for ourselves in the hospital.", "id": "high21155.txt"}