{"answers": ["D", "C", "C"], "options": [["baby clothes", "diapers", "baby caps", "money"], ["Her family's money to buy supplies.", "Her mother's encouragement.", "Supplies and donations from stores.", "Support from the local government."], ["She finds it challenging to get all of the supplies she needs with limited money.", "Now, Alexandra is only 11years old.", "The main purpose of her work is to inspire other young people to serve their communities.", "Now many babies in Indiana are warmer and healthier during the winter months."]], "questions": ["The following things except   _   may be included in Alexandra's Baby Bundles.", "What do you think mainly helps her program to continue?", "According to the passage, which of the following is NOT TRUE?"], "article": "When Alexandra Holderman of Indiana was five years old, she saw a bay dressed in only a T-shirt, diaper , and blanket in the middle of winter. Alexandra could tell that the baby was very cold. \"He had red, chapped  skin and a runny nose,\" she remembers.\nThat same year, Alexandra started Baby Bundles  , a program to help mothers keep their babies warm. She packed bundles of pajamas, blankets, diapers, bottles and bibs, and then delivered them to centers for women who couldn't afford the items. Alexandra continues this program today.\nWhere does Alexandra get the money for her program? The first year, family members helped a lot. Many of them gave Alexandra money to buy supplies. Alexandra's mother, who has always encouraged Alexandra to share her blessings with people who are less fortunate, taught her how to request donations from stores.\nAlexandra felt shy speaking with stores' business managers at first. \"But now it just comes naturally,\" she says, \"and I have places that donate stuff every year.\" Alexandra has been doing Baby Bundles for six years now. Each September she writes betters to stores asking for supplies and donations. Then she makes follow-up phone calls. In October, she gathers all of the donations and goes shopping. One of the biggest challenges is getting all of the supplies she needs while staying within a planned budget.\n     Alexandra has had to give up her allowance and some time with friends, but she knows that what she's doing helps. Sometimes she sees a baby wearing clothes like the ones she put in her bundles. And she wonders if that baby was helped by her program. \"I know that there are babies out there who are warmer and healthier now,\" she says.\nAlexandra plans to continue Baby Bundles as long as she can and is currently trying to get a Web site set up. She hopes that her work will inspire other young people to find ways to serve their communities. Alexandra has made sure that many babies in Indiana remain cozy during the winter months.     DCAC", "id": "high21169.txt"}