{"answers": ["D", "A", "C", "C"], "options": [["Because Sam wanted to play with them.", "Because Bill and Kate wanted to see Sam.", "Because Sam's father wasn't at home.", "Because Ann was too busy to look after Sam."], ["In a park.", "In a zoo.", "Near a river.", "In a museum."], ["Ice-cream.", "Milk.", "Chocolate.", "Sweets."], ["Because the boy was waiting for Bill.", "Because the boy was lost and crying.", "Because the boy's clothes were like Sam's.", "Because the boy asked Bill to take him home."]], "questions": ["Why did Ann take Sam to Bill and Kate?", "Where did Bill and Sam play?", "What did Bill buy for Sam?", "Why did Bill take the boy by mistake?"], "article": "One Saturday morning Ann was going on business. Before starting, she took her son Sam to her friends, Bill and Kate, and asked them to look after him for the day. Sam, an independent boy of six years old, had black hair and was wearing a pair of jeans and a bright yellow shirt.\nAt eleven o'clock Bill took Sam into town. Sam walked along behind Bill, looking at the windows of all the shops they passed. After lunch they went to the park and walked about. The whole place was very crowded. Bill stopped to buy some chocolate. When he turned round to give some to Sam, the boy wasn't there. Bill ran round calling Sam, but he couldn't find him. About an hour later, just in front of a shop, he saw the black hair, the pair of jeans and the bright yellow shirt. The boy looked as if he was waiting for someone to come out of the shop. Bill ran across the road, took the boy by the hand and hurried off, as it was quite late. The boy began to cry and pull hard, but Bill, who didn't know much about children, couldn't understand a word the boy was saying. All the boy made was a lot of noise.\nWhen they got home at last, Bill went straight to the kitchen, with the boy still crying. At the door Bill stopped with an amazed look. There, sitting at the kitchen table with Kate, was a small boy with black hair, in a pair of jeans and a bright yellow shirt.", "id": "high21182.txt"}