{"answers": ["B", "C"], "options": [["there are many market-managing groups for gardeners", "the lack of water makes the life there even harder", "people there like to travel about on foot for enjoyment", "people support themselves using the garden produce"], ["How to Get around in London", "Communicating with the British", "Experiencing Modern Life", "How Can One Live Leisurely  ?"]], "questions": ["The most disadvantage in the writer's native place should be that   _   .", "Which of the following should be the best title ?"], "article": "My first experience of modern city life was quite impressive. I was very curious when I arrived in London. First, I noticed so many people were on a trip in a busy way.  When I first saw the machine on the underground where you are expected to feed your ticket in and have to run through moving barriers  , I was completely fascinated   at it. Flashing with the light, the little green man, telling you when to cross the road, was also quite interesting, and so were those street advertisements which kept changing subjects as you look. \nIn my native place, my life is so different from people's here. I am a market gardener from Makono, a village which is led by a market-managing group. People there usually walk two hours a day to get water from a well. What's more, I am used to going, for many hours, without drinking , so it was strange to be offered cups of tea all the time here in London. \nIn my native place, on market days, I usually walk for several hours with my basket full of fruits and vegetables on my head, carrying them to the market for sale, to earn PS1per basket. Without the produce from my garden, I could not pay for education or healthcare for my children. Gardening is not a hobby for me - it's  _ . But here people are planting something only to kill their leisure time.\n During our visiting-time in Britain, we visited some local government agencies, schools, churches and farms in Sussex, Scotland, Yorshire, Loncolnshire and Cambridgeshire, meeting people who were of the same profession as we are. Children in Burley-in-Wharfedale, Yorkshire, prepared a special get-together to greet us and we were also asked a lot about our life which was quite fascinating to them. For example, how we make our houses out of mud and how we get our water for our daily necessities, as well as for our garden.", "id": "high21202.txt"}