{"answers": ["D", "D", "B", "A"], "options": [["The more milk you drink, the more risk for fractures you might be.", "The more milk you drink, the less risk for fractures you might be.", "The less milk you drink, the less risk for fractures you might be.", "There is no link between them."], ["cardiovascular problems", "heart disease", "prostate cancer", "stomach cancer"], ["He doesn't like milk any more.", "He used to drink milk as a child.", "He regards milk as a nutrient.", "He always cares about calcium, protein when he eats something."], ["All the claims are not completely true.", "High milk intakes can lead to cancer.", "It's necessary for you to reduce milk intakes.", "Give up milk for your health."]], "questions": ["Which of the following is TRUE on the milk?", "Some anti-dairy supporters claim that dairy can lead to except   _  .", "What's the author's attitude towards milk?", "We can learn from the text that   _  ."], "article": "For all the dinner table, a glass of milk seems to be a constant, at least it was when I was growing up. It was widely believed that milk was integral in building strong bones and teeth. There's no doubt that dairy products  , and milk in particular, are high in protein and calcium, and most milk products are supplemented with Vitamin D and A.\nWhile it's well known that our bones need calcium, some studies suggest that high calcium intake doesn't necessarily lower a person's risk for fractures  . A Harvard study found that people who drank two or more glasses of milk had no greater protection from breaking a bone than those who drank a glass or less a week. \nThere's no doubt that we need calcium. Some anti-dairy supporters claim that dairy can lead to heart disease. Much of this claim is based on high fat and high dairy products, like cheeses and creams, which may indeed contribute to cardiovascular problems. Some studies have linked high milk intakes with a risk of prostate cancer; this seems to be caused by high-fat dairy products, not dairy in general.\nAlthough milk was always regarded as one of the most important thing we need for our bones, yet least promoted, factors involved in strengthening bones. Perhaps we should think of dairy as less like a nutrient and more like a food. If you like it, eat it. If not, find  _ . Because some claims may not be completely true, when I eat a cream, I'm not thinking about calcium, protein, or any such thing I'm thinking delicious.", "id": "high21209.txt"}