{"answers": ["D", "C"], "options": [["They can find jobs more easily than on-campus graduates.", "They can get qualifications from US Department of Education.", "They can invest money in different courses provided online.", "They can save money and arrange their time and courses freely."], ["Adult Education Online", "Top US Universities Offering Online Education", "The Best of USA's Online Education", "Online Education Taking the Place of Campus Education"]], "questions": ["Why do people choose online education?", "Which would be a good title for the passage?"], "article": "For many businessmen online education has been a dream. Now it has come true. The investment   in higher education, whether financial or in terms of time, has long been impossible for many of them. But well-known educational institutions have chosen to deliver an internet-based program, and these barriers have been lifted.\nThat is good news for people eager to improve themselves and is more attractive to employers. It is also a benefit to industry with better qualified candidates applying for jobs at every level.\nHaving the benefits of a higher qualification without going to the university campus is attractive to many students. Campus study means greater cost, while online programs are flexible and save time, whether at home or at work. Students can achieve their degrees without causing too much _ to their career or home life.\nIn addition to affordable, flexible classes and greater convenience, students also have access to the online learning resources of many of the world's top educational institutions. They can also communicate with their tutors no matter what time it is or whether either party is away for any reason.\nThis has opened up the possibility of getting a qualification from a university or college that many students could only have dreamed of in the past. It also allows specialists to get the precise qualifications and focus on their studies. As well as seeing the increase of applicants from lower-incomes and housewives, studying online in the US is even becoming popular with younger people of college age.\nEmployers have become increasingly welcome and positive to online qualifications as more candidates earn them, especially if they're properly approved by the US Department of Education.\nUS institutions have led the way in online education provision. Many top US colleges and universities offer a range of online programs that are highly respected and in every way perfectly fit for adults who need to combine their studies with a working life.", "id": "high2121.txt"}