{"answers": ["C", "B", "A"], "options": [["Because hundreds of people can hear them talk.", "Because they are asked to turn off their mobiles.", "Because other people's peace and quiet is more important.", "Because many people find a way to escape a ban."], ["they can turn off their mobiles when it is necessary", "it is their right to use their mobiles in public places", "a ban on mobiles would not have any result", "they can silence their mobiles when in public places"], ["mobiles can be used in case of an emergency in public places", "mobiles should be turned off in public places", "mobiles should not be banned in public places", "it is possible to ban the use of mobiles in public places"]], "questions": ["Why are many people for a ban on the use of mobiles in public places?", "Among those who are against a ban, some believe that   _  .", "The author of the text thinks that   _  ."], "article": "While they were almost unknown twenty years ago, it seems that mobile phones these days are part of everyone's life. However, as with other inventions such as the television and the computer, they are a double-edged sword, inviting both supporters and opponents, especially in regard to their use in public places like restaurants and cinemas.\nOne of the strongest arguments in favor of forbidding mobiles in public places is the trouble they cause to other people. For example, although we are often asked to turn off our phones when in a cinema, the film that we are watching is often interrupted by the sound of at least five rings. To make it even worse, some people insist on continuing their conversation, even though hundreds of people can hear what they say, which often drowns out the voice from the film. As a result, many people would welcome a ban on mobile phones in places where they might disturb other people.\nOn the other hand, there are a number of arguments against such a ban. It is difficult to stop people bringing with them their mobile phones in public places, making it almost impossible to call for a ban. Some people would see this as an infringement of their rights, while other people would say they need them in case of an emergency. Despite being asked to silence their phones, some people insist on leaving them on. \nIt seems to me that a ban on mobile phones would not have any result in the end. People will find a way to escape a ban. Nevertheless, people should be discouraged from using them in public places, unless it is highly necessary. They should be made to know that it is bad manners to use them in certain places or at certain times. Of course, there will always be someone who thinks their call is more important than others' peace and quiet!", "id": "high21218.txt"}