{"answers": ["B", "D", "C"], "options": [["Buying some clothes.", "Going to a bar with friends.", "Purchasing a table.", "Moving from the city to the suburbs."], ["The suburban life in Pennsylvania is quite good.", "It is really enjoyable eating outside.", "Her first purchase was very successful.", "Things can give us the same happiness as experiences."], ["How you can spend your summer outside.", "How you can make moving enjoyable.", "What the best purchase is.", "Why people spend a lot of money on things."]], "questions": ["Which one is an example of spending money on experiences?", "What does the author want to tell readers about her personal experiences?", "What does the text mainly talk about?"], "article": "Researchers may tell us that spending money on experiences produces more happiness than spending money on things. Going to a bar with friends is always pleasurable in slightly different ways. However, on the other hand, a table may also give us lots of positive experiences sometimes.\nI just moved from New York City to suburban Pennsylvania, It's been quite a change of pace, with some positives and negatives, One of the best parts is that I'm spending more time outside. I quite enjoy staying outside, especially eating outside. I had a goal to eat outside as often as possible this summer, so one of my first purchases for the new house was a table and a set of chairs for the yard.\nIs my yard table a thing or an experience? It's clearly a thing and yet it enables the experience of eating outside. I love eating outside, and so my yard table is one of my favorite purchases, ever. Therefore I find the dividing line between things and experiences is more nuanced than at first glance. However, to be happy, the most important thing is what kind of purchases you have made. \nSometimes we may all have purchases that seem like a waste of money like probably half the clothes in our closets, but how does this happen?' \nThere are many reasons for why this happens. The biggest is that we spend a lot of our time working to earn money to buy things. The problem is that we buy a lot of stuff that we don't actually need. There's nothing worse than looking in your closet and realizing how many hours you spent laboring to buy things you never wear. But how about a table that lets you enjoy being outside in the summer? That's worth every minute and penny and from it you will also get more happiness.", "id": "high21238.txt"}