{"answers": ["B", "D", "B"], "options": [["He refused to work and begged for food on the road.", "He greatly appreciated others' help.", "He couldn't stand cold, wet weather.", "He liked to eat hamburgers and chocolates."], ["To show the man she was willing to help others.", "To make her trip meaningful and sweet.", "To realize her mother's wish to help the man,", "To show the girls the importance of helping others."], ["She didn't like to help the man at first.", "She didn't think she should judge the man personally.", "She knew the beggar was legitimately struggling.", "She didn't think the man was able to work."]], "questions": ["What do we know about the man?", "Why did the author decide to help the man?", "What do we know about the author?"], "article": "There is always a man who stands on different comers of the street in our city, holding a sign that reads \"Will work for food for my family\". Normally I don't have much money to help him. When my mother is with me and she sometimes makes me pull over and then she will hand him some money.\nTonight, I was on my way to the store to get some milk when I saw the man. My daughter and her friend were in the car. We all felt awful that this man was standing out in the cold, wet weather. Many people had made comments that he should be able to work. I often wondered why he would stand out there rather than be in the warmth of a building, working.\nWell, he might not have an address, and he may need an address in order to apply for a job. Either way, I don't feel it is  _ to judge. As I was sharing that feeling with my daughter and her friend, I decided that I needed to help this man. I wanted to show the girls the importance of helping others, not about worrying whether he was legitimately struggling or not. \nSo, when we pulled over to give him some money, I said, \"God bless you,\" and he said it back to us. But the girls and I were still concerned that he would be cold, standing out in the bad weather. So we got him a hot chocolate and a hamburger. My daughter handed them to him and l told the man that the girl wanted to help him because she was worried about him being cold. He was very sweet and appreciative.\nWe all left with smiles, especially me, because, as we were pulling away, the girls were talking about ways they could raise money to help the man and others like him. It was the best trip I have ever made to get milk!!!", "id": "high21236.txt"}