{"answers": ["B", "A", "B"], "options": [["finish your work on time", "make it happy and active", "stop it from barking", "keep the shoes and table clothes clean"], ["find something suitable for it to play with", "remember toys are important to your dog", "take good care of it every day", "please it by playing table tennis"], ["interesting", "safe", "attractive", "advanced"]], "questions": ["You should give your dog toys in order to   _  .", "If you don't have enough money to buy toys for your dog, you should   _  .", "You should make sure that the dog toys are   _  ."], "article": "The most important reason for having dog toys is to keep the dog entertained while you are away at work or even during home time. They need something to keep their active minds from finding trouble. You may see friends or family with dogs that come home to chewed shoes, table clothes pulled to the floor, and other destruction that the dog looks on as just playing with toys. Some toys can also be helpful to the dental health of your dog. Chew toys, such as bones and other items, can help them relieve new teeth coming in when they are young as well as help them feel better.\nYou may find that your budget is a concern for new pet toys or certain dog toys. What you need to keep in mind is that dog toys are part of their care, especially for mental health. You can find toys around the house they may be willing to play with. You can place an old tennis ball on thick rope to play tug of war   with. Stuffed (full) animals make great chew toys. The point is no matter what the toy is as long as it is safe for the dog to chew on, you will be providing proper dog care.\nSome dog toys that you may wish to have for yourself for the proper training and care include a laser pointer, balls, frisbees  , or squeaky  toys. You will also need to buy some kind of leather belts on the market for more active dogs. Most cities require leather belts to be worn when the dog is out for a walk, but it can also help during training. If the dog learns commands and the pressure on the leather belts for those commands, chances are that they will learn to stay at your side even off the leather belts.", "id": "high21243.txt"}