{"answers": ["C", "B", "C", "D"], "options": [["People around her thought that she would be a good actress.", "Her family was poor and they couldn't send her to school.", "Her mother often took her to cinema.", "She was good at acting when she was just a child."], ["Jolie is a kind-hearted person.", "Jolie is the richest actress in Hollywood.", "Jolie likes children very much.", "Jolie is a very attractive woman."], ["Brad Pitt is likely to be Jolie's third husband.", "Jolie is likely to give up acting.", "Lara Croft: Tomb Raider was Jolie's first film.", "Jolie's mother loved her brother and her very much."], ["Angelina Jolie's Acting Career.", "Angelina Jolie's Family Life.", "Angelina Jolie's Success.", "Angelina Jolie."]], "questions": ["What do you think is the reason for Jolie's interest in acting when she was a child?", "Which of the following can'tbe used to describe Jolie according to this passage?", "Which of the following can'tbe inferred from the passage?", "Which of the following do you think can be the title of this passage?"], "article": "Angelina Jolie is an American actress. She has received an Academy Award and three Golden Globe Awards. Jolie is keen on charity, and is noted for her work with   refugees as a Goodwill Ambassador for the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR). She has been recognized as one of the world's most attractive people, as well as the world's \"sexiest\" and \"most beautiful\" woman.\nBorn in Los Angels, California, Jolie is the daughter of actors Jon Voight and Marcheline Bertrand. After her parents' separation in 1976, Jolie and her brother were raised by their mother, who abandoned her acting ambitions and moved with them to Palisades, New York. As a child, Jolie regularly saw movies with her mother and later explained that this has inspired her interest in acting.\nJolie achieved wider fame after her performance of video games heroine Lara Croft in Lara Croft: Tomb Raider, and since then she has established herself as one of the best-known and highest-paid actress in Hollywood. Jolie has had her biggest commercial successes with the action-comedy Mr.&Mrs.Smith.\nAfter divorcing her second ex-husband, Jolie lives with actor Brad Pitt, in a relationship that has attracted world-wide media attention. Jolie and Pitt have three adopted children, Maddox, Pax, and Zahara, and three biological children, Shiloh, Knox, and Vivienne.ks#5u\nIt's reported recently that Jolie and Brad Pitt have finally decided to legally become husband and wife, and the wedding ceremony will take place in September in their France castle. The couple will leave Hollywood, choosing to  _ to southern France. They will also leave the U.S. to move to Europe. It seems that Jolie and Pitt will do this for their six children, who greatly desire this.", "id": "high21247.txt"}