{"answers": ["D", "B", "A"], "options": [["Reading them aloud.", "Reciting them.", "Cooperating with actors.", "Acting them out."], ["they are pieces of literature", "their expressions are different", "ordinary people cannot understand them", "they are performances"], ["The New Approach to Shakespeare", "The Introduction to Shakespeare", "How to act Shakespeare's plays", "Shakespeare's works in the English curriculum"]], "questions": ["How will young people learn Shakespeare?", "You cannot understand Shakespeare's words easily because  _  .", "What's the best title of the reading passage?"], "article": "Eleven-year-olds are to learn Shakespeare using the approaches taken by actors, and English teachers will be encouraged to let pupils walk around the classroom rather than read the plays while pupils are sitting at their desks.\nWithin the English curriculum  you tend to look at a play text as a piece of literature rather than performance. But you can't possibly understand Shakespeare's language if you're just reading it in your head. Shakespeare is difficult; it's not a 21stcentury text. You have to use different ways to understand it.\nThe new teaching way focuses on how actors come to understand Shakespeare's language. In fact actors have the same nervousness about Shakespeare's language as young people in schools do. But in six to eight weeks they get to a place of complete confidence about the play. Pupils can do as well.\nExercises devised are to let children aged 11 to 14 imitate the methods of professional actors. Written and oral assessments developed alongside the lessons will show how well students have understood the texts.\nIn one task pupils will work on creating four key physical figures of king, warrior , lover and joker, finding which lines of their chosen character go with those features first and then acting them out. Through this they can examine how a character such as Macbeth can switch dramatically within one scene from soldier to kingly figure to trick planner. It's really creative but you're still getting a really wonderful model of understanding. _ \nEducators think Shakespeare should be a central part of every young person's education. Developing a love of Shakespeare at a young age often leads to a lifelong passion for literature and helps to improve a child's reading and writing.", "id": "high2126.txt"}