{"answers": ["A", "C", "D", "A"], "options": [["20", "30", "100", "200"], ["Tibetan antelopes.", "Golden monkeys.", "Elephants.", "Wolves"], ["There are less than 7,500 Tibetan antelopes left in the world now.", "Golden monkeys usually move around during the night.", "Elephants have good eyesight, but very poor hearing and smell.", "Wolves are friendly to each other and they never attack people."], ["Wild animals in danger", "How to hunt wild animals", "Animals in the zoo", "How to train the animals"]], "questions": ["Tibetan antelopes usually live in groups of about   _  .", "Which of the following animals are the biggest on land?", "Which of the following sentences is right?", "What can be the best title of the passage?"], "article": "Wild animals are our friends, but many of them are getting fewer and fewer. We should try to protect them. The four animals below are now in danger.\nTibetan Antelopes\nTibetan antelopes   are medium-sized animals. They mainly feed on grass. They are usually found in groups of about 20. They are killed for their wool, which is warm, soft and fine and can be made into expensive clothes. Although people can get the wool without killing the animals, people simply kill them before taking the wool. The number of them is dropping year by year. There are less than 75,000 Tibetan antelopes left in the world, down from a million 50 years ago.\nGolden Monkeys \n     Golden monkeys are mainly found in Sichuan, Gansu, Shanxi provinces and Shengnongjia mountainous area of Hubei Province. Golden monkeys have golden-orange fur. They move around in the daytime, usually in groups of as many as 100 to 200 heads, or 20 to 30 heads. They feed on fruits and young leaves of bamboos. But people are destroying the environment where they live. Trees and bamboos are disappearing, so golden monkeys have less and less to eat.\nElephans ks5u\nElephants are very big and strong. They are bigger than any other animals on land. They are grey and have long trunks and tusks. They have poor eyesight, but very good hearing and smell. They can lift heavy things and break down branches with their trunks. Elephants are very friendly towards each other and towards their neighbours. Normally, they live in a group for many years. Young male elephants do not leave the group until they are about 12 years old. Now, there are very few elephants in the world. The number of them is becoming smaller and smaller because their living areas are used for farming. Also, people hunt them for their tusks.\nWolves\nWolves are not very big. They have grey fur. Wolves have very good eyesight, hearing and smell. Wolves' food is vavious. They eat animals, insects and snails. They are friendly to each other and never attack people. They do not kill for fun. Wolves are in danger, too. They are losing their living areas because people cut down forests. Soon they will have no home or food.", "id": "high21276.txt"}