{"answers": ["D", "B", "B"], "options": [["China has entered an aged society.", "All people in the society should care for the old.", "Old people's active living ways have a good effect on the young.", "The society hasn't done enough for old people."], ["How to respect old people", "Old people's life in China", "Old people's problem", "Old people's wishes"], ["disappointed", "hopeful", "worried", "doubtful"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is NOTthe author's idea?", "What would be the best title for the passage? ks5u", "From the passage we can know that the author is   _   about the aging problem in China."], "article": "Chinese people are now living happier and longer than before. According to the latest study, the number of people over 60 years old is 130 million, making up 10 percent of the whole population, and increases at a rate of 3 percent per year. This marks that China has stepped into the aged society. It is the Chinese tradition to respect, love, support, and help old people, and the aging problem has received more and more attention from the society.\n   China has built the system to protect and serve old people's legal   rights and interests, gradually developed social insurance, public health services and social welfare   projects for old people, and also applied the minimum living standard protection   system for the aged who are unable to work and receive no supports. Now, China is bringing the aging problem into the work of sustainable   development according to China's conditions, to build and develop a social security system for old people, set up a system combined with the state, collectives   and families to solve the problem of \"the elderly should be provided for\". The life of China's old people is more color1ful along with the fast and sound economic development of the country.\n   Old people in today's China who don't have to consider their food and clothing hope to live more color1fully. The happy psychology   of the aged makes them  _ knowledge. Strong and healthy old people can be seen everywhere of the country. They learn new knowledge, surf the Internet, practice handwriting and drawing, and take part in fashion shows, exercises and entertainments. Their active and sound living attitude encourages the youth around and they are in fact an important role in ensuring a stable and peaceful society.", "id": "high21277.txt"}