{"answers": ["D", "D", "A"], "options": [["is a student in Oxford's Jordan College", "is a kitchen boy", "hears a conversation of Roger's", "meets many strange creatures"], ["the compass is useful enough to help Lyra", "only skilled people can read the compass", "the compass which is made of gold can answer any question", "the compass throughout the whole story is a clue"], ["New Line Cinema won Pullman's trust through its achievement", "The Lord of the Rings is also based on one of Pullman's novels", "His Dark Materials is similar to the Harry Potter series", "New Line Cinema made over a billion dollars through the Harry Potter series"]], "questions": ["In the film The Golden Compass, Lyra  _  .", "The film is named The Golden Compassprobably because  _  .", "From the passage we can conclude that  _  . Ks5u"], "article": "The Golden Compass is the first movie based on the Philip Pullman's bestselling novel, His Dark Materials. It is a work of imagination that tells us about a young girl who travels to the far north to save her best friend. Along the way she meets strange creatures, like witches and so on. Finally , she saves not only her world, but also ours as well.\nLyra is a young girl among scholars in Oxford's Jordan College. She spends most of her time with her friend Roger, a kitchen boy. Together, they share a life with no worries. However, when Lyra hears a conversation about a very tiny particle , she is thrown into a dangerous adventure. This particle is said to unite different worlds, and is feared by many people who want to destroy it. At the same time , children began to disappear without a trace, including Lyra's good friend, Roger. As Lyra starts this horrible struggle, and begins to search for Roger, she meets strange creatures both big and small, and bad people who are not what they seem to be. Gobblers  that kidnap children appear in the most unexpected places. And a magical compass made of gold will answer any question if one is skilled enough to read it. In unbelievable danger, Lyra doesn't know that she is doomed to win, or to lose, this battle...\nWith the movie The Lord of the Ringsmaking New Line cinema over a billion dollars, it's easy to see why they got the rights to Pullman'sHis Dark Materials quickly. The books, sold more than nine million copies in the world, have a different idea from the Harry Potter series. Pullman's imagination may look suitable for children, but it works far better for adults.", "id": "high21272.txt"}