{"answers": ["B", "D"], "options": [["Ice from ice hotels .", "Ice from clean water .", "Ice with lots of bubbles in it .", "Ice weighing over 100 kilograms ."], ["It is hard to control the size and shape of the ice .", "The right theme for ice sculpting is not easy to find .", "The proper tools are only available in some countries .", "It is not easy to find the right kind of ice and work environment ."]], "questions": ["What kind of ice is ideal for sculpting ?", "Why is ice sculpting difficult according to the passage ?"], "article": "Ice sculpting  is a difficult process . First , ice must be carefully selected so that it is suitable for sculpting . Its ideal material is pure , clean water with high clarity  . It should also have the minimum(=least) number of air bubbles. Perfectly clear ice blocks weighing 140 kg and measuring 100 cmx50 cmx25 cm are available from the Clinebell Company in Colorado . Much larger clear blocks are produced in Europe and Canada or harvested from a frozen river in Sweden . These large ice blocks are used for large ice sculpting events and for building ice hotels.\n    Another difficulty in the process of ice sculpting is time control . The temperature of the environment affects how quickly the piece must be completed to avoid the effects of melting . If the sculpting does not take place in a cold environment , then the sculptor must work quickly to finish his piece . The tools used for sculpting also affect when the task can be finished . Some sculptures can be completed in as little as ten minutes if power tools are used .\nIce sculptors also use sharp chisels   that are specifically designed for cutting ice . The best ice chisels are made in Japan , a country that , along with China , has a long tradition of magnificent ice sculptures . Ice sculptures are used as decorations in some cuisines   , especially in Asia . When holding a dinner party , some large restaurants or hotels will use an ice sculpture to decorate the table . For example , in a wedding banquet it is common to see a pair of ice-sculpted swans   that represent the union of the new couple .", "id": "high21281.txt"}