{"answers": ["D", "C", "D"], "options": [["when the hardware is stored some information.", "until we pull out our hair in the PC", "when the hardware gets wrong", "after the software are infected with problems"], ["Fact-registry problem-solution-spyware-solution", "Reason- spyware- solution-registry problem-solution", "Fact-spyware -solution- registry problem-solution", "Spyware-solution- registry problem-solution-reason"], ["A new report", "A computer advertisement", "A scientific report", "A web advertisement"]], "questions": ["The PC starts working slower  _  .", "What is the structure of the passage?", "Where is this passage most probably taken from?"], "article": "Every few years, we buy an expensive new PC and love how fast it runs. Unavoidably though, it starts to slow down until eventually we are pulling our hair out waiting for it to do tasks.\n  Why is this? It turns out the answer is quite simple and you don't even need to be \"technical\" to understand the causes and solutions. In most cases, the hardware you have is capable of being restored to its original function and kept in fast running condition with little effort.\n  Spyware  are software programs that are loaded on your computer without your permission. Most spyware and viruses get onto our computers through files that we download from the Internet or as attachments  to emails. They tend to take up a lot of computing power and , as a result, will slow down your computer.\n  The simple rule to follow is to never download any free software programs from companies you do not know and trust, especially screensavers, emoticons, and the like. In addition, you should never open any attachment to an email unless you are 100 percent certain you know and trust the sender. In addition, make sure you have a good anti-virus spyware removal software running at all times.\n  Every time you load a program, your PC's software registry  is updated with new instructions needed to operate that item. However, when the item is carried out, these instructions remain on your PC. Every time you run your computer it tries to execute these instructions but, because the related program can't be founded, it causes a registry error. Your PC is doing a lot more work than it should be and the result is a slower computer.\n  One of the best ways to manage this is with a neat little tool from Support.com. You can now get a free working version of the software which will quickly scan your entire PC and identify all of the registry errors. The free version also scans for junk and checks your PC. It will deal with the first 100 errors for free, and if you have more to clean up, you can easily upgrade to the full version for just $29.95.", "id": "high21298.txt"}