{"answers": ["B", "C", "B", "C", "C"], "options": [["attract foreign tourists", "show off one of the Brits' hobbies", "call on people to protect the environment", "encourage Brits to build typically British gardens"], ["will be one of the Olympic sports", "will be held before the 2012 London Olympics", "will be held during the 2012 London Olympics", "will require competitors to design gardens in their back yards"], ["Brits' gentle temperament makes them enjoy gardening", "Brits do not have many public parks to spend relaxing time in", "Brits regard their garden as an extension of their house outdoors", "Brits treasure the short warm months when they enjoy their garden"], ["Brits love gardening as much as before.", "Brits love their gardens more than they love their houses.", "Brits are known to love gardening as much as they love tea.", "Brits enjoy sitting in their gardens as much as sitting in the park."], ["it will be the first time to have such a competition", "gardening is popular with people all over the world", "gardening reflects the real character of British people", "it will be a good way to make the Olympic park more beautiful"]], "questions": ["The main aim of the competition is to   _  .", "According to the passage, the competition of gardening   _  .", "All of the following are true EXCEPT   _  .", "What can we know from the passage?", "It is a good idea to hold this competition most probably because   _  ."], "article": "ONE of Britain's favorite pastimes, gardening is to be celebrated during the Olympics. Last week, the Olympics minister Tessa Jowell announced a public competition to design a typically British garden within London's new Olympic park.\nJowell said the idea behind the competition was to show off to the world one of the nation's favorite hobbies. It's likely the government also hopes that the competition will inspire more Brits to take an interest in the Olympics. It's a good plan, as the British love gardens almost as much as they love tea.\n    In many ways gardening defines Brits, perhaps because they are some of the world's keenest gardeners. The garden is seen as a private place in the UK. Most Brits would far rather sit in their garden than visit a park. They see their garden as an extension of their house outdoors, which is why so many Brits are as garden-proud as they are house-proud. There also seems to be something about the nourishing  act of gardening that appeals to the nation's gentle temperament .\nInterestingly, gardening has never been as widely enjoyed as it is today in Britain. Its growing popularity is no doubt due to people's increased awareness of the environment and the success of several popular gardening programs.\nHistorically, Brits are also skilful gardeners. As Jowell noted when she made her announcement, if gardening were an Olympic sport then green-fingered Brits \"would win gold, silver and bronze.\"\nOf course, the irony  of Brits' passion for gardening is that their climate is so wet that there are very few months in the year they can sit outside and enjoy their gardens. In fact, it may be the very valuableness of these few warm months that make gardens so prized and valued by Brits.", "id": "high21292.txt"}