{"answers": ["A", "D", "A", "C"], "options": [["We understand how the faults happen.", "Everyone else will accept our faults.", "We are good at finding other's faults.", "Others don't know our faults."], ["To tell us a story in this paragraph.", "To remind us of our faults in this paragraph.", "To give us some suggestion.", "To support the point in this paragraph"], ["We should consider ourselves and others in the same way.", "It is very necessary to learn his experience about faults.", "Everybody should not forgive our own faults but forgive other's faults.", "Somebody is better than others more or less."], ["Faults? No Excuse!", "Advantages? We have!", "Good and Bad? Accept It!", "You and Me ?No Difference!"]], "questions": ["What is the reason that we always forgive our own faults?", "What is the function of the example in Parapgh2?", "What does the writer want to say according to the passage?", "What is the best title of this passage?"], "article": "It is curious that our own faults should seem so much less heinous than the faults of others. I suppose the reason is that we know all the conditions that have caused them and so manage to excuse in ourselves what we can't excuse in others. We turn our attention away from our own mistakes, and when we are forced by unexpected events to consider them, find it easy to accept them. For all I know we are right to do this; They are part of us and we must accept the good and bad in ourselves together.\nBut when we come to judge others, it is not by ourselves as we really are that we judge them, but by an image that we have formed ourselves .To take a little instance: how scornful  we are when we catch someone out telling a lie ; but who can say that he has never told not one, but a hundred?\nThere is not much to choose between men .They are all a mix-up of greatness and littleness, of kindness and unkindness, of goodness and badness. Some have more strength of character ,or more opportunity ,and so in one direction or another give their instincts( ) freer play ,but potentially they are the same. For my part, I don't think I am any better or any worse than most  people, but I know that if I set down every action in my life and every thought that has crossed my mind, the world would consider me a monster. The knowledge that these thoughts are common to all men should inspire one with tolerance to oneself as well as to others. If they enable us to look upon our fellows, even the most great and respectable, with humor, and if they lead us to take ourselves not too seriously, it is well.", "id": "high21301.txt"}