{"answers": ["D", "C", "A", "D"], "options": [["Stelvio Pass, Italy and Garden Route, South Africa", "Great Ocean Road, Australia and Stelvio Pass, Italy", "Garden Route, South Africa and no other route", "Great Ocean Road, Australia and Garden Route, South Africa"], ["introduce a new route to the drivers", "help drivers find gas stations on the route", "give useful advice to make the trip more pleasant", "warn drivers of the possible dangers on the road"], ["it's more winding and challenging", "it's safe and more suitable for new drivers", "it has lots of wild animals on either side of the road", "it's often featured in Tour de France and thus more famous"], ["Drive to South Africa, Man!", "Drive Travel for Whale Watching!", "A Travel to Three Continent!", "Exciting Drive Travel in the Wild!"]], "questions": ["In which travel routes can one enjoy whale-watching?  _", "The tips in the ad are meant to   _  .", "Compared with the other two routes, Stelvio Pass is special in that   _  .", "What's the best title for the travel advertisement?  _"], "article": "Garden Route, South Africa\n   Take in this fresh sea air in this beautiful coastal setting as you cruise the famous Garden Route in the Western Cape in South Africa. A wild life break is a must, as is enjoying great meal stops along the route. There are wild life reserves throughout the Garden Route National Park you can swing into and spend a sleepy morning in a car looking for giraffes and lions. And just over your shoulder in the big blue there are whales to be watched (if the season is right).\nTop tip: Add a trip to the Eastern Cape to your Garden Route trip. It is much less known than the Western Cape and full of landscapes. The gas station is occasionally seen.\nGreat Ocean Road, Australia\n   Sweep along this dramatic coastal road in Australia with views of the Sourthern Ocean from Geelong to Portland, in Victoria, and you won't regret it. Anyone who has driven it just can't stop talking about it, and with good reason. There're loads to see and plenty of great stops. There's whale-watching here too, and other natural life. And to top it all, there'll be plenty of good old Aussie kindness and welcome when you pull in for lunch or a coffee stop.\n   Top tip: Rent an open-top car so you can really drink in that sea air.\nStelvio Pass, Italy\n   If you like snake-like paths and mountain passes, you'll love this. Stelvio in Italy. The mountain slopes stretch away on either side of the road, with snow-topped peaks within sight. There's a great view down the pass. And from the top, it's just a short sweep away from the Swiss border, so if you are gripped by mountain road driving, you can drive from here down to Swiss ski resort Davos. Stelvio has 48 hairpins  on the north side and 12 on the decent  to Bormio, so this route is not recommended for new drivers, or those with a fear of heights. This decent is is often featured in the Giro d'Italia, the Italian version of the Tour de France, so you may have glimpsed it on the television.\n   Top tip: Take some Swiss Francs as well as some Euros, so you can make the trip a cross-border experience.", "id": "high21331.txt"}