{"answers": ["C", "B", "C", "B"], "options": [["To show how difficult it is to be a sailor.", "To show how wonderful Jesse's sailing is.", "To describe what Jesse's sailing is like.", "To describe what a sailor's life is like."], ["sailed on the South Pacific.", "sailed on the Indian Ocean.", "sailed past Africa", "sailed past South America."], ["His childhood adventure experiences.", "His journeys to Europe.", "His first sailing trip with his family.", "His love for outdoor activities."], ["Interest leads to success.", "A strong belief will make a person stronger.", "Life is an unusual adventure we should enjoy.", "Failure is the mother of success."]], "questions": ["What's the author's purpose in encouraging the reader to imagine a sailing experience?", "Jesse Martin was at the end of his voyage when he   _  .", "Which of the following made Jesse decide to sail alone around the world?", "What can we learn from Jesse Martin's story?"], "article": "Imagine yourself on a boat looking out at the horizon and all you can see is the water meeting the sky with no land in sight and you are sailing straight ahead to meet the world. Jesse Martin does not have to imagine: he is living in it.\nOn Dec. 7, 1998, at 17 years old, Jesse set sail from Melbourne, Australia on his boat, attempting to become the youngest person to sail alone and nonstop around the world. He sailed south of New Zealand, through the South Pacific, around South America, north on the Atlantic, back south past Africa, through the Indian Ocean and back to Melbourne.\nEven as a young child, Jesse had been an adventurer who traveled all over Europe and Asia with his parents. Born in Munich, Germany in 1981, he moved to Australia with his family when he was only two years old. They moved close to a rainforest in Cow Bay, about 3500kms north of Melbourne, where they built a small house with no electricity or running water. Jesse grew up at the beach enjoying the outdoors to its fullest.\nAt 14, he sailed for the first time with his father and brother, Beau. It was after this trip that he began to dream about sailing around the world.\nJesse's family played an important role. \"I was made to believe I could do anything.\" he says. Although, he says, there were others that were not so encouraging or supportive, \"People that I looked up to, respected and trusted told me I couldn't. Thankfully, I trusted myself. There were people that said that the boat couldn't be ready by the time I had to leave.\" However, through perseverance and belief in himself he was able to do what many told him was impossible.\nOn Oct.31, 1999, more than 10 months after he set sail, Jesse Martin went down in history as the youngest person to sail around the world alone, nonstop and unassisted.", "id": "high21330.txt"}