{"answers": ["A", "D", "D", "B", "B"], "options": [["People seek nature in different ways.", "People should spend most of their lives in the wild.", "People have quite different ideas of nature.", "People must make more efforts to study nature."], ["Personal freedom.", "Things that are natural.", "Urban surroundings.", "Things that are purchased."], ["tend to develop a strong love for science ks5u", "are more likely to dream about wildlife", "tend to be physically tougher in adulthood", "are less likely to be involved in bullying"], ["Find more effective drugs for them.", "Provide more green spaces for them.", "Place them under more personal care.", "Engage them in more meaningful activities."], ["They look on life optimistically.", "They enjoy a life of better quality.", "They are able to live longer.", "They become good-humoured."]], "questions": ["What is the author's firm belief?", "What does the author say people prefer for their children nowadays?", "Children who have chances to explore natural areas   _  .", "What does the author suggest we do to help children with ADHD?", "In what way do elderly people benefit from their contact with nature?"], "article": "Most of us spend our lives seeking the natural world. To this end, we walk the dog, play golf, go fishing, sit in the garden, drink outside rather than inside the pub, have a picnic, live in the suburbs, go to the seaside, buy a weekend place in the country. The most popular free time activity in Britain is going for a walk. And when joggers   jog, they don't run down the streets. Every one of them automatically heads to the park or the river. It is my firm belief that not only do we all need nature, but we all seek nature, whether we know we are doing so or not.\nBut despite this, our children are growing up nature-deprived  . I spent my boyhood climbing trees. These days, children are robbed of these ancient freedoms, due to problems like crime, traffic, the loss of the open spaces and strange new ideas about what is best for children, that is to say, things that can be bought, rather than things that can be found.\nThe truth is to be found elsewhere. A study in the US: families had moved to better housing and the children were assessed for ADHD  . Those whose housing had more natural views showed an improvement of 19%; those who had the same improvement in material surroundings but no nice view improved just 4%.\nA study in Sweden indicated that kindergarten children who could play in a natural environment had less illness and greater physical ability than children used only to a normal playground. A US study suggested that when a school gave children access to a natural environment, the entire school would do better in studies.\nAnother study found that children play differently in a natural environment. In playgrounds, children create a hierarchy   based on physical abilities, with the tough ones taking the lead. But when a grassy area was planted with bushes, the children got much more into fantasy play, and the social hierarchy was now based on imagination and creativity.\nMost bullying   is found in schools where there is a tarmac   playground; the least bullying is in a natural area that the children are encouraged to explore. This reminds me unpleasantly of Sunnyhill School, with its hard tarmac, where I used to hang about in corners dreaming about wildlife.\nBut children are frequently discouraged from involvement with natural spaces, for health and safety reasons, for fear that they might get dirty or that they might cause damage. So, instead, the damage is done to the children themselves: not to their bodies but to their souls.\nOne of the great problems of modern childhood is ADHD, now increasingly and expensively treated with drugs. Yet one study after another indicates that contact with nature gives huge benefits to ADHD children. However, we spend money on drugs rather than on green places.\nThe life of old people is much better when they have access to nature. The most important for the growing population of old people is in quality rather than quantity of years. And study after study finds that a garden is the single most important thing in finding that quality.\nIn wider and more difficult areas of life, there is evidence to indicate that natural surroundings improve all kinds of things. Even problems with crime and aggressive behaviour are reduced when there is contact with the natural world.\nDr William Bird, researcher from the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds, states in his study, \"A natural environment can reduce violent behaviour because its process helps reduce anger and behavior that people might regret later.\" Wild places need encouraging for this reason, no matter how small their contribution.\nWe tend to think human beings are doing nature some kind of favour when we are protecting nature. The error here is far too deep: not only do humans need nature for themselves, but the very idea that humanity and the natural world are separable things is damaging.\nHuman beings are a species of animals. For seven million years we lived on the planet as part of nature. So we miss the natural world and long for contact with non-human life. Anyone who has patted a dog, stroked a cat, sat under a tree with a glass of beer, given or received a bunch of flowers or chosen to walk through the park on a nice day, understands that.\n       We need the wild world. It is necessary to our well-being, our health, our happiness. Without other living things around us we are less than human.", "id": "high21336.txt"}