{"answers": ["A", "B", "D"], "options": [["Active and energetic.", "Beautiful and interesting.", "Great and proud.", "Convenient and modern."], ["enjoy bicycling around the country", "are fond of different sports", "especially like winter sports", "appreciate a special way of country life"], ["Toronto", "Sydney", "New York", "Helsinki"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, which of the following can best describe X?", "We can know from the passage that people in X   _  .", "X is most probably the city of   _  ."], "article": "The city of X is internationally known for sports, catering for the needs of both professional and amateur sportspeople as well as those that seek to maintain an active lifestyle. The city promotes well-being by offering its citizens lots of opportunities for sports, both indoors and outdoors throughout the year.\nSports clubs in X organize activities in a wide arrangement of sports. The most popular are ice hockey and football, and the list covers well over one hundred other sports.\nX's large green areas including the Central Park and the sea offer ample opportunities for physical activity: walking, running, jogging, hiking, bicycling, roller skating, swimming, boating and fishing. The city claims 50,000 amateur fishermen, more than any other capital city in Europe.\nThe city organizes a number of community sports activities and maintains a variety and lots of sports facilities. These facilities include more than 200 km of tracks for walking, jogging and running, close to 200 km of ski tracks in winter, some 30 indoor sports halls, some 10 indoor ice rinks and 80 outdoor ice rinks, 14 indoor swimming halls and 2 outdoor pools in summer, close to 30 beaches, and 12,000 boat berths  .\nIce Park is a downtown winter-time skating rink on Railway Square, complete with skate rental   and a heated cafe.\nThe local people are active bicyclists especially in summer. X's bicycle path network covers 1,000 kilometers inside the city limits. The city promotes bicycling with many services, including a Journey Planner for Cycling.\nOne of the unusual sports here is ice swimming, and X even hosts ice swimming world championships. The city maintains some 15 ice swimming sites throughout the city.\nCampers find a convenient site inside the city: Rastila Camping is one of the most popular camping sites in this country, located by the seaside and accessible by underground. The Nuuksio National Park offers camping in wilderness just half an hour from the city by car.\nThe city of X's sports function is managed by the Sports Department. The department provides and maintains sports facilities and organizes activities. The department also rents facilities for sports, conference rooms and saunas.", "id": "high21346.txt"}