{"answers": ["D", "C", "B", "C"], "options": [["The Irish festival--- St Patrick's Day.", "How the Irish earned their reputation.", "Jokes about the Irish people.", "Famous Irish stereotype and the truth."], ["Irishmen are good at street fighting.", "Most Irish people are always very lazy.", "Irishmen are hot-tempered drinkers.", "Irish people are famous for their stupidity."], ["From their everyday behavior towards other people.", "From the behavior of Irish immigrants to the America in the 19thcentury.", "From the historical records of the 19thcentury Ireland.", "From most people's impression of the Irish people."], ["Tall stories.", "Street fighting winners", "Guinness", "Love for drink."]], "questions": ["What is this reading passage mainly about?", "Which of the following statements does NOT belong to the Irish stereotype?", "Where did the negative Irish stereotype come from?", "Which of the following was created by the Irish?"], "article": "On March 17 there will be an explosion of green colour across the world in celebration of St Patrick's Day. The Irish traditionally wear something coloured green on this day as the colour is connected with Ireland. Another St Patrick's Day tradition is for the non-Irish to make jokes about the Irish. Usually these jokes will be about Irish stupidity or their famous thirst for alcohol, or their reputation  for telling tall(untrue) stories. These characteristics are all part of the famous Irish stereotype   that Irishman are hot-tempered drinkers, who love to fight and will do anything to avoid a day's work.\nThe real joke, however, is that this negative Irish stereotype still exists. The stereotype might have had some truth back in the 19th century when Irish was poverty-stricken and starving. Many Irish moved to the United States to escape famine , but there they had to compete,  occasionally with their fists, for jobs and housing with other immigrant groups. It was on America's streets that the Irish earned their reputation for street fighting. However, it was far from truth today, with the exception of the drinking perhaps.\nToday, the Irish are admired for their story telling gifts and musical talents. It is no accident that several of the greatest writers of the 20th century were Irish. Or that many of today's most popular music groups such as singer Enya and rock band U2, are Irish born and growing. Lonely Planet readers even ranked Ireland as the friendliest country in the world.\nHowever, one bit of the Irish stereotype is true, their love for drink. Drinking in Ireland is a job, but it's not necessarily something to criticize. It was the Irish after all who created one of the world's best-loved beers, Guinness.", "id": "high21344.txt"}