{"answers": ["C", "A", "D"], "options": [["poor memory", "liule exercise", "seious deprrssioa", "uhualthy eating"], ["Because babies' brains need fat to grow and work properly.", "Because whole milk is very easy for babies to digest", "Because no other food is mom suitable for babies than milk.", "Because less than half of the brain's overall weigbt is pure fat"], ["A sciemce textbook", "A news report.", "A medicine introduction.", "A health magazine."]], "questions": ["The real cause of the inability to focus is  _  .", "Why should parents feed their babies whole milk?", "Where does the rest probably come from?"], "article": "Have you ever noticed that some people am able to effortlessly remember even the most boring details, and quickly understand new things, and wished that you too could be like that? To unlock the full potential of you brain. you need m keep it active and acute. But how? Check out these tips:\n    .Exercise&get your body moving\n    Exercising doesn't just exercise the body; it also helps to exercise your brain. Without regular exercise your blood vessels<<)begin m lose the ability to effectively pump blood and it also mduws the amount of oxygen and nutrients thatyour blood carries to your brain. When the nutrients don't make it them, the brains ability to function is compromised. To prevent this from happening, make sure you get moving every day. Walking, swimming and dancing arc all excellent activities.\n    Get rid of stressorsbnd seek help for depression\n    Among the most brain-damaging stressars is severe depression, which is actually often mistaken for a memory problem since one of its primary symptoms is the inability to concentrate. If you can't concentrate, yon might feel like you am conrtantly forgetting things. Depression increases the levels of codisol in your brain, which affects your memory. Seek professional help to get rid of your depressionyour brain will thank you.\n    .Feed you brain\n    50 to 60 percent of the brain's overall weight is pure fat, which is used to insulam its billions of nerve cells. The better insulated a cell is, the quicker you will be thinking. This is exactly why paints are advised.feed their young children whole milk. Thus. eating foods chat contain a healthy mix of fats is vital for long-term memory. Some excellent food choices include fish end dark leafy green vegetables.", "id": "high21354.txt"}