{"answers": ["C", "D", "D"], "options": [["pigs love being alone", "pigs easily become physically ill", "pigs need affection", "pigs don't like to play with each other"], ["Animals behave by instinct.", "Animals have self-awareness.", "Animals have feelings and love.", "Animals do not have language skills."], ["Yes.", "No.", "Not certain.", "Not mentioned."]], "questions": ["The research on pigs at Purdue University shows that   _  .", "Which of the following statements is NOT true?", "Should we ban hunting and animal testing?"], "article": "Animals are more like us than we ever imagined. They feel pain, they experience stress, they show affection, excitement and love. All these findings have been made by scientists in recent years and such results are beginning to change how we view animals.\nStrangely enough, some of this research was sponsored by fast food companies like McDonald's and KFC. Pressured by animal rights groups, these companies felt they had to fund scientists researching the emotional and mental states of animals.\nMcDonald's, for instance, funded studies on pig behavior at Purdue University, Indiana. This research found that pigs seek affection and easily become depressed if left alone or prevented from playing with each other. If they become depressed, they soon become physically ill. Because of this, and other similar studies, the European Union has banned the use of isolating pig stalls from 2010. In Germany, the government is encouraging pig farmers to give each pig 20 seconds of human contact a day, and to provide them with toys to prevent them from fighting.\nOther scientists have shown that animals think and behave like humans. Koko, the 300-pound gorilla at the Gorilla Foundation in Northern California, for instance, has been taught sign language. Koko can now understand several thousand English words, more than many humans who speak English as a second language. On human IQ tests, she scores between 70and 95.\nBefore such experiments, humans thought language skills were absent from the animal kingdom. Other myths are also being overturned, like the belief that animals lack self-awareness. Studies have also shown that animals mourn their dead, and that they play for pleasure.\nThese striking similarities between animal and human behavior have led some to ask a question:\" If you believe in evolution, how can't you believe that animals have feelings that human beings have?\"\nUntil recently, scientists believed that animals behaved by instinct and that what appeared to be learned behavior was merely genetically-programmed activity. But as Koko, the gorilla shows, this is not the case. In fact, learning is passed from parents to offspring far more often than not in the animal kingdom.\nSo what implications does this knowledge have for humans? Because of this, should we ban hunting and animal testing? Should we close zoos? Such questions are being raised by many academics and politicians. Harvard and 25 other American law schools have introduced courses on animal rights. Germany, meanwhile, recently guaranteed animal rights in its constitution-the first country to do so.", "id": "high21352.txt"}