{"answers": ["B", "D", "C", "A"], "options": [["The Moon", "The Man on the Moon", "Research on the Moon", "What Is It Like on the Moon?"], ["The moon is beautiful.", "The moon is different from the Earth.", "The moon is Earth's nearest neighbor -- it is the easiest place in space to get to.", "The moon is the easiest place in space to get to and it has no air,unlike Earth."], ["The climate on the moon is quite different from that on the Earth.", "Traveling between the moon and Earth will do much good to astronauts.", "There is some food and weeds on the moon,even though there's no air.", "If you want to drink hot water on the moon,it's not so hard to boil water."], ["We can learn much from research on the moon.", "There may be human beings on the moon.", "If there were a man on the moon,there would be many similarities between the man on the moon and on the Earth.", "A telescope on the moon would help scientists have a clearer,closer sight of the stars."]], "questions": ["Which of the following is the best title of the passage?", "What is the reason why our scientists are interested in the moon?", "Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage?", "What is the main idea of the passage?"], "article": "Did you ever look up at the moon and think you saw a man's face there?When the moon is round and full,the shadows of the moon mountains and the lines of the moon valleys sometimes seem to show a giant nose and mouth and eyes. At least,some people think so.\nIf there were a man on the moon -- instead of mountains and valleys that just look like the face of a man -- what would he be like?\nHe would not be like anyone you know. He would not be like anyone anybody knows.\nIf the man on the moon were bothered by too much heat or cold the way Earth people are,he could not stay on the moon.\nThe moon becomes very,very hot. It becomes as hot as boiling water. And the moon becomes very,very cold. It becomes colder than ice.\nWhatever part of the moon the sun shines on is hot and bright. The rest of the moon is cold and dark.\nIf the man on the moon had to breathe to stay alive,he couldn't live on the moon because there's no air there.(He'd have to carry an oxygen tank,as astronauts do.) There's no food on the moon,either. Nothing grows -- not even weeds.\nIf the man on the moon liked to climb mountains,he would be very happy. There are many high places there,such as the raised land around the holes,or craters,of the moon. Some of these  _ are as tall as Earth's highest mountains.\nBut if the man on the moon liked to swim,he would be unhappy. There is no water on the moon -- just dust and rock.\nWhen you think of what it's like on the moon,you may wonder why it interests our scientists. One reason is that the moon is Earth's nearest neighbor -- it is the easiest place in space to get to.\nGoing back and forth between the moon and Earth,astronauts will get a lot of practice in space travel. Things learned on moon trips will be of great help to astronauts who later take long,long trips to some of the planets.\nScientists are also interested in the moon because it has no air. The air that surrounds Earth cuts down the view of the scientists who look at the stars through telescopes. A telescope on the moon would give them a clearer,closer view of the stars.", "id": "high21357.txt"}