{"answers": ["A", "C", "A", "D"], "options": [["responsible", "ambitious", "energetic", "patient"], ["in training pets", "on literature", "in child behavior", "in gardening"], ["how to teach kids to treat pets", "how to enforce proper rules of pet care", "who can settle pet problems", "how we can help pets feel safe"], ["Children can play rough with pets.", "Pets can seldom become well-mannered.", "Parents should take all pet-care activities.", "Pets may cause some frustrating problems."]], "questions": ["When involved in pet-care activities, children are likely to become more   _  .", "We can infer from the passage that the writer is probably an expert   _  .", "This passage mainly focuses on   _  .", "According to the passage, which of the following statements is TRUE?"], "article": "The way to teach the kids to take good care of pets\nThe best way to teach your child how to be responsible pet caregivers is to be on yourself. This should start before you even get a pet--make sure you have realistic expectations about pet ownership. And take steps to select the right animal at the right time.\nAs soon as you bring a pet in, set up and enforce rules regarding proper pet care. For example, tell your child not to pull the animal's tail, ears, or other body parts, and insist they never tease(,), hit, or chase  it. Teach the child how to properly pick up, hold, and pat the animal. These simple lessons are essential to helping the kid become a responsible caretaker.\nAlthough a certain pet-care activity must be handled by an adult, you can still include your child by explaining why and what you're doing. For example, when you take your pet to the veterinarian to be spayed or neutered, explain to your child how the operation not only reduces pet overpopulation but can also make it healthier, calmer, and more affectionate.\nAlso involve your child in a pet-training activity, which not only make your pet a more well-mannered family member, but teach your child humane treatment and effective communication.\nUltimately, your child will learn how to treat animals--and people--by watching how you treat the family pet. And they'll pay close attention to how you react when a pet scratches the furniture, barks excessively, or soils in the house. Frustrating as these problems are, \"getting rid of\" the pet isn't just unfair to the pet and your child, but it also sends the wrong message about commitment, trust, and responsibility. When faced with pet problems, get to the root of the problem. Often a veterinarian, animal shelter professional, or dog trainer can help you resolve pet issues so you can keep the whole family together.", "id": "high21366.txt"}