{"answers": ["C", "C", "C", "B"], "options": [["persuade the readers to go dating on the Internet", "inform us how to date on the Internet.", "introduce Internet dating to us.", "tell us never to date on the Internet."], ["take a photo", "meet people from all over the world", "build a profile", "have a talk with other people."], ["You need a face-to-face meeting at first.", "It's a good way for all people to find their lover.", "You can find people sharing interests with you.", "Internet dating doesn't make a difference to people."], ["Internet dating sites.", "Internet dating", "Warnings against Internet dating.", "Steps of Internet dating"]], "questions": ["The purpose of writing the passage is to   _  .", "Before making an Internet dating possible, you should  _  .", "According to the passage, which of the following statements is TRUE?", "What's the best title of the passage?"], "article": "Internet dating has become one of the biggest and most successful business ventures  on the Internet. Basically, Internet dating is a way to meet people for either friendship or dating without actually having to meet them in person first.\nThe first thing to do if you decide to try Internet dating is to build your profile , which includes your hobbies, hopes for the future, and so on. A photograph is optional , but many sites claim that a photograph increases the number of people who look at your profile. Many Internet dating sites will charge a one-time registration fee to use their services.\nInternet dating makes it possible to meet people from all over the world. You can even narrow the search down to your area by zip code . Another advantage is that you can communicate by email before you meet in person. Thousands of people have met, fallen in love, and married through Internet dating. It is an excellent way for shy people to meet. It is also a way for people with busy lives to connect with others, and an easy way to meet people who share your interests.\nJust as conventional dating and love, there are some pitfalls   to be aware of in Internet dating. The person you have been talking to on the net may not be who they say they are. Be very aware that there are some people who misrepresent their appearance or private details, such as marital status , income, and so on, for their own reasons. It would not be the first time that someone has been taken in, and talk shows are full of cheating partners who have been caught dating over the Internet in their spare time. Nevertheless, taking a few simple precautions should help ensure that your Internet dating is safe.", "id": "high21377.txt"}