{"answers": ["D", "B", "C", "B"], "options": [["Amanda.", "The author's parents.", "Maggie.", "The author himself."], ["Highly paid and stable.", "Steady and relaxing.", "Challenging and interesting.", "Busy and difficult."], ["Determined.", "Optimistic.", "Uncertain.", "Contented."], ["he will not be rich again.", "he will be under huge pressure.", "he will no longer be a salesman", "he will have to make the decision."]], "questions": ["Who is responsible for this situation?", "What does the author think of his present job?", "What's the author's attitude towards his decision?", "The thing that bothers the author most about working for a foreign company is that  _  ."], "article": "I suddenly felt like drinking some wine last night, because I had a tough decision to make. It's been too long for me to live in the shadow created by myself! Darkness has taken me but fortunately, I finally woke up and decided to make my way out.\nAmanda bought me a bottle of wine which tasted as bitter as the life I had been undergoing. I told her what I had experienced. It is I who chose to be like this! It's my own choicer. Had I not come back from Singapore, not decided to leave FX, not divorced with Maggie, I would not have met you! There are too many things, which are not supposed to happen, but happened to me!\nMy job is stable but not well-paid, interesting but not challenging, relaxing but not what I want. There's nothing about the job I am proud of, except that I can be the interpreter for the vice mayor sometimes. But is it a big deal? No, I don't think so!\nThere are now two options in front of me. I can either choose to stay in government or leave for foreign companies. I asked Amanda for advice, who suggested me to stay still in the government, and my parents also asked me to be patient! But my mind is totally blank now, and I don't know which to choose. I'm confused!\nNeither option is convincing, in terms of payment and long-term improvement. Working for the government will give me a stable career life. I won't need to worry about my sales targets and whatever insurance. But I will never be rich again! Working for a foreign company will bring good salaries and bonus to me. But I will be under great pressure to achieve whatever goals made by the company! I'm no longer a young salesman. My confidence is no longer as strong as before!\nGod, it's so hard to make the decision!", "id": "high21371.txt"}