{"answers": ["B", "A"], "options": [["the shops give off a smell", "incenses in the shop and ancient books give off lots of scent", "there are many sandalwood trees there", "there is the Confucian Temple"], ["The two huge marble poles were carved in two languages.", "Guozijian Street is the same in color1s as other Beijing hutongs.", "Ancient scholars studied in the Confucian Temple and the Imperial College.", "Ancient emperors ought to get off their horses at the gate of Guozijian Street"]], "questions": ["The air in Guozijian is fragrant because   _  .", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?"], "article": "Tranquility, relaxation and the scent of incense  , this is Guozijian Street, a street combining Beijing's past and present. Housing the Confucian Temple in the east and the Imperial College in the west, the street gradually took shape some 700 years ago.\nGuozijian Street connects to the Lama Temple in the east. There are many sandalwood incense shops at the street entrance. The air is full of scent. Yet gradually, the scent of ancient books takes advantage as one explores further down the street and towards the Confucian Temple and Imperial College. The Confucian Temple is where the worships to Confucius were attended during the Yuan, Ming and Qing Dynasties (1271-1911). Gnarled cypress trees outside the gate create thick shade from the sun. On each side of the gate stands a huge stone pole written in Mandarin and Mongolian ordering all horse riders, even the emperor, to get off their horses. The glazed yellow tiles on the roof show the temple's past dignity. Beside the Confucian Temple is the Imperial College, the highest educational institution during the Yuan, Ming and Qing Dynasties, which was once the dream destination for ancient scholars. The neighboring Guanshuyuan Hutong is no different than other Beijing hutongs, except for its unique color1s. The royal red of the Imperial College wall is a stark contrast with the typical grey of common people's residences.\nSerenity is very common over Guozijian Street. The occasional noise aroused by visitors is quickly absorbed by the quiet atmosphere. Even time slows down on this ancient street.\nThe leafy and green cypress trees along the street protect it from the bother of the busy city. These tall and silent plants add to the dignity and elegance of the street. Living houses still preserve the ancient and attractive style of old Beijing, which is hardly seen elsewhere nowadays. Looking through the red gate where the paint has already started to come off, one may find some older people sitting leisurely in the sun in the courtyards. It seems that living next door to the sage   has brought them the wisdom to dismiss all kinds of worries.", "id": "high21387.txt"}