{"answers": ["D", "B", "C", "B"], "options": [["is unable to use his legs", "likes reading novels", "is disliked by people around him", "is unable to communicate with others well"], ["he wants to get over his disabilities", "he is encouraged by Sherlock Holmes", "he wants to do something for his neighbor", "he wants to prove to his father that he is useful"], ["didn't want to read the book at first", "thinks the book is too simple", "found it hard to stop reading the book", "believes the story really happened"], ["telling us the story can happen around us", "writing from Christopher's point of view", "making it easy to understand the story", "giving a lot of explanations"]], "questions": ["An autistic person usually refers to someone who  _  .", "According to the writer, Christopher doesn't give up looking into the murder because  _  .", "The passage suggests that the writer  _  .", "In the writer' s opinion, Haddon makes the story feel real by  _  ."], "article": "The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time is a novel about a 15-year-old autistic boy named Christopher Boone. After discovering the dead body of Wellington, his neighbor's dog, Christopher decides to find out the cause of the dog's death. He records his findings, as he has decided that he will create a \"murder mystery novel\" of the situation. But like any murder mystery novel, nothing is as simple as it seems. Christopher runs into many difficult situations because of his disability. He again and again mentions how he admires Sherlock Holmes (a fictional detective), which gives me an understanding as to why he continues to look into Wellington's death even after his father makes him promise not to. \nChristopher's story seems so true and heartfelt and that makes the novel an entertaining read. The author, Mark Haddon, had me wanting to keep reading to find out what Christopher would get himself into next. \nHaddon shows how Christopher' s disability affects how he goes about solving the mystery. Christopher has difficulty in communicating or forming relationships with others, but he has a great visual   memory and ability to understand difficult math. \nThis book was required reading at my school, but it became more than something I had to read. Haddon showed how these disabilities affect the lives of not only the children diagnosed   with them, but also those around them. \nThe novel feels real because it was written from Christopher's point of view. For example, when Christopher explains that when he was little he didn't understand much about other people having minds, it gives the impression that he's a real person.  \nI believe that teenagers sometimes aren't sensitive to kids with mental disabilities. I think that when people read this novel, they will have a better understanding of what people with mental disabilities and those around them have to deal with on a daily basis.", "id": "high21384.txt"}