{"answers": ["A", "D", "B", "D"], "options": [["Strengthening one's body.", "Easing one's anxiety.", "Increasing one's memory.", "Improving children's brain development."], ["background music makes the food served delicious and lovely", "the types of music people listened to could exactly show their eating habits", "background music could produce a comfortable eating environment for people", "background music could influence people's eating speed and how much they eat"], ["burning their fat", "slowing their eating speed", "changing their attention", "making them bored with food"], ["People will eat less if they don't like the background music.", "Every type o f music has the power to affect people positively.", "Most of the restaurants now offer background music for their customers.", "Though we're not sure whether listening to music can help lose weight, it's worth a try."]], "questions": ["Which of the following is NOT the benefit of listening to certain types of music according to the passage?", "The research reported from the Tufts University showed that   _  .", "Music can help people lose weight by   _  .", "Which of the following statements agrees with the writer's view in the passage?"], "article": "Music is really powerful. Without music, movies would lose some of their attraction. No one disagree with the powerful effect music has on individuals. Whether this effect is positive or negative, however, often depends on the type of music listened to. And researches have shown that certain types of music own the ability to relieve one's anxiety, improve brain development in children, uplift one's memory and help patients to recover...just to name a few. \n    It should come as no surprise then, that researchers from the Tufts University have found that background music has the ability to directly affect one's eating habits as well. They counted the bites of food individuals took at meals while listening to different types of music. The diners \"ate at an average  rate of 3.9 bites per minute\", with about a third of the diners requesting more food after clearing their plates. On the other hand, with \"spirited tunes, \"the diners \"sped up to an average of 5.1 bites per minute! \"Not surprising however, when \"calming flute instrumental\" were played, the eating speed of the diners slowed \"to 3.2 bites per minute--and the bites became smaller\". They didn't request second helpings and praised that the food tasted better. \n  Studies have clearly stated that one safe way of losing weight includes eating slowly. Since it takes about 20 minutes for your stomach to tell the brain that it's full, eating slowly will help you to eat to satisfaction--without overdoing it. With this important piece of information then, it leads one to believe that with the use of calming background instrumental music, one can slow their food digestion, \"retraining\" both the stomach and the brain to take in less food which could lead to weight lost.     \n  Is there any truth to this theory? One will never know unless they try it themselves. Even if it doesn't work for you, at least you'll achieve a bit of relaxing and pleasant environment during your meal periods. A great meal with great music--who could ask for anything more?", "id": "high21391.txt"}