{"answers": ["D", "B"], "options": [["you should give them some allowances to pay for the pumpkins", "they should be rid of their opportunity to celebrate Halloween", "you should ensure your children see the connection with their lessons", "they should face the consequence of losing their own money"], ["the author doesn't want to give any tips on the allowance amount", "allowances given to children of different ages may vary", "children under 6 can't be given any allowance", "the allowance amount grows depending on the amount other children receive"]], "questions": ["When your children join a group of kids smashing pumpkins on Halloween,   _  .", "It can be inferred from the passage that  _  ."], "article": "One potential problem with allowances is that children's responsible behavior can become about earning the allowance rather than the intrinsic value of their family responsibilities. For example, if you pay your children for taking out the rubbish, they see this chore   as a job that they should be rewarded for instead of a responsibility they must fulfill as part of the family. But giving children an allowance for weekly chores is not necessarily bad. You are rewarding them for fulfilling their family responsibilities, but it is not for a specific act. It is an appreciation of their commitment to your family values. You are also conveying another important message that their actions have consequences: if they do good things, good things happen. They also learn a lesson about the market economy, namely that work is rewarded.\nAllowances can also be used as punishment and to teach children lessons about family values. For example, if your children join a group of kids smashing   pumpkins on Halloween, a part of a reasonable punishment might be to require them to pay the families out of their allowance to replace the pumpkins. Thus, your children learn that bad behavior has financial consequences. Meanwhile, by relating the punishment to the misdeed, you ensure that your children see the connection and learn the value lesson.\nHow much allowance should you pay your children? The precise amount depends on your family's financial situation, the cost of living and your children's needs. Children can start to earn a weekly allowance as early as 5 years of age. An increase of $ 1 per week for each year of your children's lives is realistic until they reach their mid-teens. When they begin to drive and date, you can calculate their expenses and establish a reasonable allowance that covers their needs.", "id": "high214.txt"}