{"answers": ["C", "A", "D", "D"], "options": [["At most 660, 000 people signed up to volunteer at the 16th Asian Games.", "It is not difficult to be selected as a volunteer at the 16thAsian Games.", "Tan felt excited to have the opportunity to interact with people from all over the world.", "It is very easy for Tan to do the voluntary work."], ["She experienced a lot and learned so much in her work", "She earned a large amount of money", "She learned different cultures", "She dealt with people from different personalities."], ["Improvements of air and water quality and better transportation", "Asian Games has place Guangzhou prominently onto the world map.", "The Game will give the residents of Guangzhou a fantastic opportunity to continue learning about different cultures.", "It disturbs people's normal life who are living in Guangzhou."], ["brave", "optimistic", "responsible", "depressed"]], "questions": ["What can we learn from the text?", "What makes Tan feel happy and grateful for being part of Guangzhou Asian Games?", "In Tan's opinion, what is NOT the positive effects the Games have had on Guangzhou", "Which word is not suitable to describe Tan?"], "article": "It was a long process that involved creating a resume, submitting an online application  and attending a round of interviews. Naturally Tan Kaiyin, a 21-year-old student is excited when she was selected, as more than 660, 000 people signed up to volunteer at the 16thAsian Games in Guangzhou, but only less than 10 percent were finally chosen to work in the venues and wear the white and green sport uniforms.\nLike in any major sporting event, volunteers play a vital role in assisting with operations and Tan's function here is not any different. She is based at the Garden Hotel and is tasked with helping guests and officials who have issues with their accreditation cards . \"I deal with guests from all over the world, I have never met so many international people and it is very, very exciting to have this opportunity to interact with them. They come to the office because they need to make a change in their accreditation card and usually they are in a hurry, so we try our best to get it done quickly.\" \nShe admits the first few days involved extremely long hours, however she likes the challenge as it gives her an immense sense of satisfaction especially when an irate guest turns a frown into a smile and says \"thank you\". \nTan deals with people from different cultures and personalities and feels she has learned so much in the past week, an experience that she would have never gotten if not for the Guangzhou Asian Games, therefore she is very happy and grateful for being a part of this. She also has kind words for her managers and fellow colleagues and says the hard work and positive atmosphere has bonded them into a family. She enjoys her responsibilities so much that she is afraid of feeling lost when the Games finally end on Nov. 27. \nHowever, she is aware of all the positive effects the Games have had on Guangzhou. From improvements to air and water quality to better transportation and infrastructure in the city, but most importantly to her is the fact that the Asian Games has placed Guangzhou prominently onto the world map. This, she believes, will encourage people from all over the world to continue visiting her city, and this in turn will give the residents of Guangzhou a fantastic opportunity to continue learning about different cultures. The official Asian Games Volunteer Slogan is, \"Together, we can make it better!\" Indeed it seems they can.", "id": "high21405.txt"}