{"answers": ["A", "B", "C", "B"], "options": [["Outdoor winter activities", "Popular winter sports around the world", "Fun winter activities for children", "Best ways to enjoy winter scenery."], ["try to do it on their own", "ask an expert for advice", "take a camera with them", "take a rest whenever possible"], ["Hiking", "Cross-country skiing", "Snowball fighting", "Bird-watching"], ["It's the largest natural park in Illinois.", "It's a good place for bird-watching.", "It's well-known for its strange animals.", "It is home to a lot of birds."]], "questions": ["What does the passage mainly talk about?", "As for cross-country skiing, the author suggests people  _  .", "Which of the following does the author suggest for those with kids?", "What can we know about Starved Rock State Park from the passage?"], "article": "Hiking\nIf you like to hike during the warm months, you'll probably like to hike in the winter. The landscape changes completely from summer to fall to winter, and the snow can make for some really beautiful photos. Be sure to bring your camera with you to capture all the awesome scenery. Because it's cold out, you also have the added benefit of not sweating too much through your clothes, and it's a great excuse to grab some hot chocolate when you finish your hike.\nCross-country skiing\nCross-country skiing is great exercise and a great way to see the winter scenery at the same time. If you've never done cross-country skiing before, be sure to check with an expert before trying it yourself. Knowing what to expect can keep you safe and prevent an injury.\nSnowball fighting\nEveryone remembers going outside, building a snow fort ,and having snowball fights when they were kids. The fun doesn't have to stop when you're an adult! Go outside with your friends, build a fort and start throwing snowballs at each other. If you have kids, get them in on the action. Throwing snowballs is a great way to use some extra energy and can be really fun for the whole family.\nBird-watching\nLots of birds migrate during the winter months, and these quiet, cold hours can be a great time to see them like never before. Eagles, for example, migrate through central Illinois in February, and watching them fly through Starved Rock State Park is a breathtaking sight. Check your local parks to find out what birds you can see in your area and get out there to see them.", "id": "high2141.txt"}