{"answers": ["C", "A", "B", "C"], "options": [["governments", "developers", "real home buyers", "speculators"], ["making favorable policies", "allowing sales in advance", "providing enough buyers", "offering enough land"], ["benefit the government", "affect the sound development of the Chinese society", "help the housing industry develop soundly", "draw more home buyers"], ["decreasing the sales", "cutting down speculations", "making the developers do their best to sell their houses", "cost supplying a stable tax resource for the government"]], "questions": ["The only victims of rising house prices are  _  .", "The local governments reward the developers by  _  .", "We can infer from the passage that continually rising house prices will  _  .", "Collecting taxes on houses has all the following effects except  _  ."], "article": "In China ,with the development of society, more and more people are annoyed at the continually rising house prices. They want to know who is to blame for it. Local governments,developers and speculators   share a vested   interest in it. People who are really in need of homes are most likely to suffer heavy losses.\nMany local governments depend on selling land to keep its normal operation. The higher land prices,the more money. Therefore,developers back the local governments by buying land at high prices. In return,the governments make favorable policies to help the developers. For example,drive all the possible home buyers to this nasty   market. They even encourage large numbers of speculators to catch more people.\nRising house prices have already become the fence which divides the Chinese society. It has caused widespread dissatisfaction. The government will lose the support of the common people if leaving house prices out of control. Besides,rising house prices will stop us building the new countryside as the present policy actually forbid people to flow freely from cities to the countryside.\nCollecting taxes on houses can fundamentally solve this problem. On one hand,it will discourage the speculators. On the other hand,it will offer a stable tax resource apart from reducing the sales cost of the developers. secondly,stop the developers selling the houses before completion. If so,the developers will certainly try their best to sell all their houses once completed. And this will also lower speculators' expectation of price rising,which will decrease speculations.", "id": "high21427.txt"}