{"answers": ["A", "B"], "options": [["set a higher life goal", "open your heart to others", "count how many days you live", "treat yourself as a great person"], ["analyzing data", "reasoning", "giving examples", "telling a story"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, you are advised to  _  .", "The writer develops the passage by  _  ."], "article": "Sometimes people come into your life and you know right away that they are meant to be there--to serve some sort of purpose, teach you a lesson or help figure out who you are or who you want to become. \nYou never know who these people may be but, when you lock eyes with them, you know that every moment they will affect your life in some profound way.\nAnd sometimes things happen to you at the time that may seem horrible, painful and unfair but, upon reflection, you realize that without overcoming those obstacles  you would have never realized your potential, strength, willpower or heart. \nEverything happens for a reason. Nothing happens by means of good luck. Illness , injury, love, lost moments of true greatness and sheer stupidity all occur to test the limits of your soul.  \nWithout these small tests, life would be like a smoothly paved,  straight, flat road to nowhere. Safe and comfortable but dull and utterly pointless. The people you meet affect your life. The success and downfalls that you experience can create who you are, and the bad experiences can be learned from. In fact, they are probably the most important ones.  \nIf someone hurts you, betray  you or breaks your heart, forgive them because  they have helped you learn about trust and the importance of being cautious to whom you open your heart to. If someone loves you, love them back, unconditionally, not only because they love you, but because they are teaching you to love and open your heart and eyes to little things.\nMake every day count. Appreciate every moment and take from it everything that you possibly can, you are never be able to experience it again. Talk to people you have never talked to before, and actually listen. Let yourself fall in love, break free and set your sights high.\nHold your head up because you have every right to. Tell yourself you are a great individual and believe in yourself, for if you don't believe in yourself, no one else will believe in you.", "id": "high21430.txt"}