{"answers": ["B", "C", "D"], "options": [["Whites--Native Hawaiians", "Africans--Americans--Latinos", "Asians--Native Hawaiians", "Africans--Americans--Native Hawaiians"], ["the larger amount of smoking than white people", "the living style or habit of the blacks", "the depth of cigarette smoke into their lungs", "the physical strength to react to cigarette smoke"], ["heavy smokers in America", "the black and white people", "the Asians and Hawaiians", "smokers and non-smokers"]], "questions": ["Which of the following orders is from higher to lower risk of having lung cancer?", "Researchers agree that it is   _   that may probably determine black people's risk of lung cancer.", "People in the new study are made up of   _  ."], "article": "Researchers have found more evidence that suggests a relationship between races and rates of lung cancer among smokers. A new study shows that black people and Native Hawaiians are more likely to develop lung cancer from smoking. It compared their risk to whites, Japanese-Americans and Latinos.\nResearchers at the University of Southern California and the University of Hawaii did the new study. The New England Journal of Medicine published the findings. The eight-year research studied more than 180,000 people. They included present and former smokers and people who never smoked. Almost 2,000 people in the study developed lung cancer.\nResearchers say genetics might help explain the racial and ethnic differences. There could be differences in how people's bodies react to smoke. But environmental influences, including the way people smoke, could also make a difference.\nAfrican-Americans and Latinos in the study are reported smoking the fewest cigarettes per day. Whites are the heaviest smokers. But the scientists point out that blacks have been reported to breathe cigarette smoke more deeply than white smokers. This could fill their lungs with more of the chemicals in tobacco that cause cancer.\nScientists know that some diseases effect different groups differently. And some drug companies have begun to develop racially targeted medicines. Last June, the United States Food and Drug Administration approved a drug designed to treat heart failure in black patients. The name is BiDil. The agency called it \"a step toward the promise of personalized medicine.\"", "id": "high2143.txt"}