{"answers": ["D", "D", "A", "C"], "options": [["they find foreign employees are usually more talented", "they need original ideas from employees hired overseas", "they want to expand their business beyond home borders", "they have difficulty finding qualified personnel at home"], ["is usually creative and full of imagination", "aims to improve his foreign language skills", "is dissatisfied with his own life at home", "seeks either his own development or his children's education"], ["take cultural factors into consideration", "learn about the company's hiring process", "follow the guidelines for working", "know the employer's personal likes and dislikes"], ["stress their academic potential to impress the decision maker", "give the title of the university degree they have earned at home", "provide a detailed description of their study and work experiences", "highlight their special interest in a 'crossborder' career"]], "questions": ["Companies are hiring more foreign employees because  _  .", "The author believes that a person who applies to work overseas  _  .", "When it comes to resume writing, it is best to  _  .", "When writing about qualifications, people are advised to  _  ."], "article": "Interest in searching for international careers has increased to a high level in recent years, improved by lasting personnel shortages that are causing companies to search beyond their home borders for talent. Professionals seek career experience outside of their home countries for a variety of reasons. They may feel the need to recharge their batteries with a new challenge. They may want a position with more responsibility that encourages creativity and initiative . Or they may wish to expose their children to another culture, and the opportunity to learn a second language.\nWhen applying for a job, one usually has to hand in a resume or curriculum vitae (CV). The two terms generally mean the same thing: one or two pages describing one's educational qualifications and professional experience. However, guidelines for preparing a resume are constantly changing. The best advice is to find out what is suitable regarding the corporation culture, the country culture, and the culture of the person making the hiring decision. The challenge will be to include two or more cultures in one page. The following list is a good place to start.\n* Educational requirements differ from country to country. In almost every case of 'crossborder' job hunting, just stating the title of your degree will not be an adequate description. Provide the reader with details about your studies and any related experience.\n* Pay attention to the resume way you use: chronological or reversechronological order. Chronological order means listing your 'oldest' work experience first. Reversechronological order means listing your current or most recent experience first. Most countries have preferences about which way is most acceptable. If you find no specific guidelines, the general preference is for the reversechronological way.\n* If you hand in your resume in English, find out if the recipient   uses British English or American English because there are differences between the two versions. For example, university education is often referred to as 'tertiary education' in the United Kingdom, but this term is almost never used in the United States. A reader who is unfamiliar with these differences may think that your resume contains errors.", "id": "high21459.txt"}