{"answers": ["C", "C", "A"], "options": [["independently with an interest-free loan from Mint", "with the approval of the City's administration", "in partnership with a finance group", "with the help of a Japanese architect"], ["the weather in the UK. Is changeable in summer", "most performances at British festivals are given in the open air", "the cardboard tents produced by Mr. Dunlop can be user-tailored", "cardboard tents can be easily put up and removed by users"], ["an attempt at developing recyclable tents", "some efforts at making full use of cardboards", "an unusual success of a graduation project", "the effects of using cardboard tents on music festivals"]], "questions": ["Mr. Dunlop established his business_.", "It is implied in the passage that_.", "The passage is mainly concerned with_."], "article": "The traditional tent cities at festivals such as prefix = st1 /Glastonburymay never be the same again. In a victory of green business that is certain to appeal to environmentally-aware music-lovers, a design student is to receive financial support to produce eco-friendly tens made of cardboard that can be recycled after the bands and the crowds have gone home.\nMajor festivals such as Glastonburythrow away some 10,000 abandoned tents at the end of events each year. For his final year project at the University of the West of England, James Dunlop came up with a material that can be recycled. And to cope with the British summer, the cardboard has been made waterproof.\nTaking inspiration from a Japanese architect, who has used cardboard to make big buildings including churches, Mr. Dunlop used cardboard material for his tents, which he called Myhabs.\nThe design won an award at the annual New Designers Exhibition after Mr. Dunlop Graduated from his product design degree and he decided to try to turn it into a business.\nTo raise money for the idea, he toured the City's private companies which fund new businesses and found a supporter in the finance group Mint. He introduced his idea to four of Mint's directors and won their support. Mint has committed around PS500,000 to MyHab and taken a share of 30 per cent in Mr. Dunlop's business. The first Myhabs should be tested at festivals this summer, before being marketed fully next year.\nMr. Dunlop said that the design, which accommodates two people, could have other uses, such as for disaster relief and housing for the London Olympics.\nFor music events, the cardboard houses will be ordered online and put up at the sites by the Myhab team before the festival-goers arrive and removed by the company afterwards, They can be Personalized and the company will offer reductions on the expense if people agree to sell exterior  advertising space.\nThe biggest festivals attract tens of thousands of participants, with Glastonburyhaving some 150,000 each year. Altogether there are around 100 annual music festivals where people camp in theUK. The events are becoming increasingly environmentally conscious.", "id": "high21486.txt"}