{"answers": ["C", "A", "C", "A"], "options": [["Because he stole a plane in Tajikistan.", "Because he didn't land in Tajikistan safely.", "Because he landed in Tajikistan without permission.", "Because he refused to return to Russian."], ["A Russian pilot was arrested in Tajikistan.", "Each year Tajik guest workers send home some $ 742 million.", "The Alauddin Valley is a popular tourist destination for Russians.", "Now there are no men in the Alauddin Valley."], ["There are more men than women in Tajikistan", "Women in the Alauddin Valley do half the farm work", "Tajikistan is perhaps not very rich", "In summer all women spend four months in the mountains"], ["perhaps don't know much about the outside world", "don't want to do farm work any longer", "want the Russian government to forbid Tajik guest workers' entry", "do nothing during the winter months"]], "questions": ["Why was the Russian pilot arrested?", "Which of the following statements is true according to the passage?", "It can be inferred from the passage that   _  .", "Women in the Alauddin Valley   _  ."], "article": "(ALAUDDIN VALLEY) -- Russia's relationship with Tajikistan has  _ following an incident involving a Russian pilot who was arrested -- after making an emergency landing in the Central Asian nation.\nRussia responded by beginning to drive out Tajik guest workers, a move that threatens Tajikistan's entire economy. In total, some 700,000 Tajik citizens work in Russia. In the past quarter, they sent home some $742 million in remittances  . Overall, the money guest workers send back makes up half of the republic's government budget. \nThe Alauddin Valley is in the Fann Mountains in eastern Tajikistan. The place long held an attraction for Russian writers and adventurers. Later, during the Soviet era, it was a popular tourist destination. Yet establishing a strong relationship with the people of the mountainous region is not easy.\nMen are seldom seen in the area. Nearly every family has at least one breadwinner working in Russia, if not more. The farm work falls to the women, who divide it up among themselves.\nEach summer, the village chooses the most experienced and skilled women to take all of the cows (up to 300 of them) to the summer pastures   high up on in the mountains. The women spend four months there with their children since there is no one to leave the children with. They milk the cows and prepare products for the winter: cheese, butter and so on. These fermented   goods get them through the winter when snow and avalanches   cut off all contact with civilization. \nResidents here generally have two questions for visiting Russians. The first one is obvious: Is President Dmitri Medvedev going to limit the entry of Tajik guest workers? The second question is less obvious: Are there cows in Moscow? The Alauddin Valley's women truly can't imagine life without either.", "id": "high21487.txt"}