{"answers": ["D", "A", "C"], "options": [["would record all historical events onto the radio", "would get very excited when giving lessons", "would always teach the students the American Revolution", "would make his class lively and interesting"], ["imitating", "discussing", "talking", "experimenting"], ["he had a very rich knowledge of American history", "he was very kind to his students", "he cared enough to put his heart into his teaching", "his students were all interested in American History"]], "questions": ["The writer will never forget his American History professor because he   _  .", "The method Williamson used to teach the American Revolution is_.", "The writer concludes that Williamson's history lesson was welcome because_."], "article": "Many university students dislike studying history because there is little to get excited about when historical events are presented in a boring manner. However, I'll never forget my American History professor, Dr. Williamson. Each event leaped from the pages of our text and became as real as the daily news report on the radio. \nMy favorite lecture concerned the American Revolution. Dr. Williamson set the mood for the study by imitating Pall Revere, a well-known silversmith, working in his shop. The American colonists were angry because of the British control over their lives. Revere felt that war between the British and the colonists was inevitable. Then, Dr Williamson told us about Revere rowing across the Charles River from Boston on April 18,1775. I could see the professor row as he raised his hand to his forehead as if he were looking across the Charles River to the old North Church in Boston. Suddenly, Revere spotted two lanterns, a signal which meant that the British would attack by sea. He jumped on his horse to warn the villagers of the attack. \nProfessor Williamson reminded us that the first battles of the American Revolution were fought at Concord and Lexington, Massachusetts, the year before the Declaration of Independence was signed in 1776. Never before had history seemed so alive to me. And all because a professor cared enough to put his heart into his teaching.", "id": "high21503.txt"}