{"answers": ["C", "B", "D"], "options": [["learning how to speak", "that brain stem is important for speech", "that musical training is important for communication skills", "that musical training people are more sensitive"], ["it gives people more knowledge", "it can improve a person's brain stem activity", "it has a kind of magic", "it can make people speak"], ["The brain stem controls our ability to speak.", "The musical training process involves putting together different kinds of information, hearing music, looking at musical notes, touching an instrument and watching other musicians.", "Experts think train stem can't be developed.", "The brain stem has something to do with our ability to hear."]], "questions": ["The main idea of the passage is   _  .", "Why can musical training improve communication skills? Because   _  .", "Which sentence is true according to the text?"], "article": "American scientists say musical training seems to improve communication skills. They found that developing musical skills involves the same process in the brain as learning how to speak. The scientists say that could help children with learning disabilities.\nNina Kraus is a neurobiologist at Northwestern University in Illinois. She says musical training involves putting together different kinds of information. She says the process involves hearing music, looking at musical notes, touching an instrument and watching other musicians. She says the process is not much different from learning how to speak. Both involve different senses.\nProfessor Krauss says musical training and learning to speak make us think about what we are doing. She says speech and music pass through a structure of the nervous system called the brain stem . The brain stem controls our ability to hear. \nUntil recently, experts have thought the brain stem could not be developed or changed. But Professor Krauss and her team find that musical training can improve a person's brain stem activity. \nThe study involved people with different levels of musical ability. They were asked to wear an electrical _ that measures brain activity. The people wore the device while they watched a video of someone speaking and a person playing a musical instrument. The study found that the more years of training people had, the more sensitive they were to the sound and beat of the music.\nProfessor Kraus says the study shows the importance of musical training to children with learning disabilities.", "id": "high21504.txt"}