{"answers": ["A", "A", "B"], "options": [["published in European languages", "read on the computer screen", "designed in the form of small-sized books", "broadcast on television and the radio"], ["European journalists", "professional travelers", "language learners", "magazine collectors"], ["They are translated into English.", "They are convenient for the users.", "They are very easy to read", "They are cheap and popular."]], "questions": ["The audio-magazines in the passage are  _  .", "The audio-magazines are mainly for  _  .", "What is mentioned as a feature of the audio-magazines?"], "article": "Join the thousands of professionals and international travelers who depend on prefix = st1 /Chanps- ElyseesSchauinsLand, Puerta del Sol, and Acquerello italiano to help them stay in touch with  the languages and cultures they love. Designed to help you greatly improve your listening,  vocabulary, and cultural IQ, these unique European audio-magazines   are guaranteed   to give you enthusiasm and determination to study the language - or your money back\n    Each  audio-magazine consists of an hour-long programme on CD or DVD. You'll hear interviews with well-known Europeans, passages covering current events and issues as well as feature stories on the culture you love. A small book. which goes with CD or DVD, contains a complete set of printed materials, notes (background notes included) averaging 600 words and expression translated into English. The result you build fluency month in and month out.\n     To help you integrate language study into your busy life, we've made each audio- magazine convenient. Work on language fluency while driving to work, exercising, or cooking--- anytime and anywhere you want\n     Best of alt each programme is put together by  professional broadcasters journalists, and editors who have a strong interest in European languages and cultures. That enthusiasm comes through in every edition. From New York to London to Singapore? the users tell us no company produces a better product for language learners at all levels Ring for more information, or order at WWW. audiomagazine. com. We guarantee that you have nothing to lose if it's not for you; let us know within 6 weeks and we will completely reimburse you.", "id": "high21519.txt"}