{"answers": ["B", "A", "D", "A", "C"], "options": [["Government administrators.", "Students planning their careers.", "Foreign language learners.", "Professors designing courses."], ["many people decide their majors without knowing their own interest", "parents' decisions are always blind and will result in a life of low quality", "accounting and financial investment are necessary to ensure a reliable career.", "people never have a chance to think about their own interest in choosing career."], ["exhausting", "disappointing", "unbelievable", "necessary"], ["we are prepared for the changes", "we know who President has on his support team", "we read the publications of advanced institutions", "we learn English or some other foreign languages"], ["shows the government's interest in new information", "enables you to find out how hard-working these people are", "indicates the direction the economy is developing", "reveals the government encourages creative young people"]], "questions": ["Who is this article intended for?", "The case of the student who first studied accounting and then financial investment shows   _  .", "In the writer's opinion, to make yourself competitive in the changing world today is   _  .", "According to the writer, lifetime learning can be exciting if   _  .", "Whoever has been chosen as the key support team of the government   _  ."], "article": "One of the biggest challenges facing students and their families is what career they should enter and what is the best path for them to take.\nI was talking to someone the other day who told me he first studied accounting because that was what everyone was studying several years ago. It was and some say still is a reliable career. However, then he told me that he was now studying financial investment because again--- that's what everyone was studying now and it was needed if he wanted to get ahead in the company.\nAnd I asked him what he was actually interested in and then-- well the conversation kind of died. So I asked why he had bothered studying accounting in the first place and he explained that it was his parents' idea. Finally I asked what his passion was and he wasn't too sure because he never thought about it.\nAnd so it is-- lifelong learning-- or the continual need to make ourselves marketable in a world that appears to be more competitive as time goes by. Is there a secret to help us so we can live a life of quality?\nRegardless or not at this stage in world history with increasing connection between people,\nideas and markets -- the ability to match the needs and desires of the day with your own skills and products is a tremendous and vigorous challenge.\nMany have gone into English or foreign language study because it was encouraged at the time when China was entering the WTO. Or maybe they were interested in international affairs or working abroad. Upon graduation they then faced the reality that there was a limit to how many jobs they could apply for.\nPerhaps some then studied further doing courses for work such as a tour guide or translator/ interpreter. Many may have decided that going into teaching was more rewarding or stable. Others would have gone into media or advertising or conference management and acquired new skills along the way.\nThis constant quest to remain ahead of the game makes many upset and exhausted. Some futurists who examine technology have even predicted that people should expect to change careers six or seven times during their lifetime!\nSo if you are concerned by the nature of change, why not start spending more time looking at the most modern leading economies, institutions and their publications. A whole lot of changes are starting to happen yet there is no reason why this cannot be enjoyable, exciting and also rewarding. Our attitude, approach and willingness to continually learn and update our skills must remain strong.\nMy tip is to track the work that our government is setting about to achieve. In particular, look at the people who have been chosen as the key support team and try to read behind the light surface news and look at their career development and examine the recent reports that they are now recommending the government move towards. Key industry development, new ways of dealing with information and new demands are creating opportunities for the students and workers of tomorrow -- if we stay prepared.", "id": "high2151.txt"}