{"answers": ["C", "C", "B"], "options": [["The recovery rate and health.", "The Importance of your recovery rate.", "Control your recovery rate and reach your personal best.", "How to reduce your recovery rate."], ["If you spend more time recovering, the incident will be more likely to influence you.", "If you spend more time recovering, you. are tess likely to perform to your personal best.", "As for sportsman, the faster they can forget a lost chance, the worse their performance will be.", "We can't reduce the time spent in recovery in a day, for it's a step-by-step process."], ["Geography", "Life-fun", "Travel", "Business"]], "questions": ["What is the main topic for the text?", "According to the text, which of the following statements is NOT true?", "In which part of a newspaper can we most probably read the passage?"], "article": "What is your recovery rate? How long does it take you to recover from actions and behaviors that up- set you? Minutes? Hours? Days? Weeks? The longer it takes you to recover, the more influence that inci- dent has on your actions, and the less able you are to perform to your personal best.\n     You are well aware that the faster you let go of an issue that upsets you, the faster you return to an _ the healthier you willbe. The best example of this behavior is found with professional sports- people. They know that the faster they can forget an incident or missed opportunity and get on with the game, the better their performance. Imagine yourself to be an actor in a play on the stage. Your aim is toplay your part to the best of your ability. You have been given a script   and at the end of each sen- tence is a full stop. Each time you get to the end of the sentence you start a new one and although the next sentence is related to the last, it is not affected by it. Your job is to deliver each sentence to the best of your ability.\n     Don't live your life in the past! Learn to live in the present, to overcome the past. Stop the past from influencing your daily life. Don't allow thoughts of the past to reduce your personal best. Stop the past from troubling your life. Learn to recover quickly.\n     Remember: Rome wasn't built in a day. Reflect on your recovery rate each day. Every day before you go to bed, look at your progress. This is a success. You are taking control of your life. Remember this is a step-by-step process. You are undertaking real change here. Your aim: reduce the time spent in recovery.", "id": "high21555.txt"}