{"answers": ["C", "B", "A", "D"], "options": [["the senior students at college", "the college students and teachers", "the freshmen of universities", "the parents of college students"], ["present some information about the campus life", "help improve students' social skills before entering college", "prepare students for the upcoming college life", "explain what is college life"], ["don't talk about gossip in public unless the listeners are your close friends.", "if you are a shy boy/girl, you'd better choose social networks as an efficient way to make friends.", "dining in the canteen provides you with a good chance to start a conversation or make friends with others.", "in general, you will find it hard to get along with your roommates or cope with the relationships with them."], ["Tips on spending your college life", "What is college life like?", "A new world is waiting for you", "Prepare your social skills for college life"]], "questions": ["The passage is written specially for   _  .", "The main purpose of this passage is to   _  .", "From the passage, we can NOT infer that   _  .", "What's the best title of this passage?"], "article": "Whether you were the shy one at high school or the most popular person on campus, starting university is a clean paper for everyone. It's the best time to develop your skills with different people, such as teachers, classmates, and roommates. Your social skills and relationships with people in college will have an influence long after you graduate.\nHere are some tips on developing your people skills at college.\nPut yourself out there and meet new people\nYou're very likely to make some lifelong friendships at college. But before you get there you have to start by making friends.\nUpperclassmen and the college itself will organize events to introduce you and your peers to each other and the new college environment. For the purpose of improving your social skills early on, attend every single one.\nJoin clubs that fit your interests. You can meet many people there and it's a safe bet that you will have something in common.\nBeing active on social networks, such as Renren and micro blogs, is also a good way to meet people, especially if you're not so good at face-to-face conversation.\nAlways open yourself to conversation\nYour chances of making new friends depends on your ability to get a friendly atmosphere across.\nSimple gestures, such as moving your things from a chair when someone is looking for a place in the canteen, can make you seem more open to conversation. You can also take out your earphones when someone asks to share a table with you in the common room while you're studying.\nTry to get along with roommates\nGetting along with roommates is a challenge you'd be wise to overcome. You live together, so you will often spend time together without even trying to. It's important to make sure that dorm life doesn't make you unhappy.\nYou should be cautious about facing your roommates over any problems, especially if you have only just met. Remember, be polite but firm.\nThe key is to set expectations and clear boundaries from the beginning. Let your roommates know your life habits, but also observe and respect theirs. Sleeping times and studying schedules, visiting friends and cleaning duties are just some of the topics you should discuss.\nAvoid drama and gossip  \nAs you already know from high school, your social life will be much more pleasant if you avoid causing and getting caught up in drama, no matter whether in class, dorm, or elsewhere.\nWhen it comes to gossip, learn to keep your mouth shut and you'll avoid trouble. This is especially important if you live in a dorm, where staying away from someone you've offended is difficult.", "id": "high21550.txt"}