{"answers": ["B", "B", "A", "B"], "options": [["people meet with animals often.", "Animals brains are too simple to make choices.", "We should change our old views about animals.", "Animals stories have many amazing facts"], ["they woke up the baby by pulling branches.", "They helped to protect it from the flies.", "They walked away by doing nothing.", "They ate some branches and walked away."], ["appear at its master's funeral.", "catch up with his master on his trip", "see its master's brother.", "see it master die in an accident."], ["He wants to make animals become our sisters and brothers.", "He wants to inspire more people to treat animals as friends.", "He wants to warn people against having more food or pets.", "He wants to make readers know the elephants and the cat."]], "questions": ["What did the author used to believe?", "What did the elephants do when they saw the baby?", "Though it is a long way to travel, the faithful cat managed to   _  ?", "Why does the author write this passage?"], "article": "Are animal brains too simple for thoughts and choices? Stories about animal kindness have really changed my point of view. In fact, some stories are amazing, especially when animals are meeting with people. Here are two stories that interest me.\n  James, a wildlife writer, told a story that an African woman had placed her baby in the shade of a tree while she was working. An elephant group walked by and saw the baby. Several elephants pulled leafy branches from the tree covered the sleeping baby. Flies can be a problem in Africa and the branches protected the baby from the flies. The elephants were so gentle and quiet that they did not even wake up the baby. Then the elephants walked away. \n  An English magazine offers another story. Bill, a cat, stayed at home while its master was away on a trip, but the man was injured in a railway accident and died a few days later in a hospital. At the funeral, the Man's brother was surprised to see that Bill was there. The faithful cat had traveled a long way to the hospital, looked at the coffin , and then sadly returned home. \n  Humans are only one part of the earth. The beautiful flowers are our sisters; the deer, the horses and the great eagles, these are our brothers. The sky and mountains, the cows and men, all belong to the same family. These stories, I hope, will inspire more people to treat animals as our friends rather than pets or our next meal.", "id": "high21589.txt"}