{"answers": ["B", "B", "A"], "options": [["ask for help from his neighbors", "give a hand to those in need of help", "require his neighbors to clear the snow", "raise money for the old people in his community"], ["Few people were willing to help out.", "The snow was unexpectedly heavy.", "The community was very large.", "Most residents in the community are elderly people."], ["show appreciation", "express love", "lend a hand", "ask for help"]], "questions": ["The author's brother wrote the letter to   _  .", "What can we learn from the text?", "One of their neighbors sent an email to the author's brother to   _  ."], "article": "Last Sunday, as soon as I walked into the house in the afternoon, my little brother placed a bunch of papers in my hands and asked me to fold them up so they could fit into an envelope as quickly as possible. He said it needed to get done quickly before it turned dark.\nAfter I read what was on the papers, I smiled. It was a lovely letter to all the residents  in my neighborhood. My brother was asking everyone to let him know if anyone needed help. He left his contact information and said that anyone that needed help should get in touch with him and he would try to help. He also asked people to get in touch if they were able to help out. \nLondon received an unusual amount of snow last week, and the city was not prepared for it at all. So it was quite difficult to get anywhere. The major roads had been cleared, but the smaller roads and pavements  hadn't, so they could be quite  _ . There are a large number of old people in our little community. So my brother thought that the snow may have caused some difficulty for some of them, particularly because we live on a hill.\nA few elderly people got in touch with him asking for help for things they needed. One of them was especially grateful because his caregiver couldn't make it. To our surprise, he got more responses from people offering to help. Then he received help from people who wanted to help. Everyone was really touched and wrote to my brother wonderful emails. One of our neighbors wrote an email saying that although she wasn't able to help, she was \"very proud of having a neighbor like him who puts other people's interests  first.\"", "id": "high21596.txt"}