{"answers": ["D", "D", "C", "D"], "options": [["What Robert Todd Duncan loved most.", "How Robert Todd Duncan became famous.", "Robert Todd Duncan and his works of music.", "A brief introduction to Robert Todd Duncan."], ["He gave up teaching at Howard University.", "He was introduced by the New York Times in detail.", "He was asked to be in charge of the opera Porgy and Bess.", "He was given a big opportunity to become an opera singer."], ["he was too busy to do it", "he was not interested in it", "he was not confident enough", "he didn't want to become famous"], ["Singing in concerts.", "Writing music.", "Singing opera.", "Teaching music."]], "questions": ["What is this passage mainly about?", "What happened to Duncan in the middle 1930s?", "We can infer that Robert Todd Duncan didn't at first want to try for the part mainly because  _  .", "Based on the passage,what did Robert Todd Duncan love most?"], "article": "Robert Todd Duncan was born in 1903 in the southern city of Danville,Kentucky. His mother was his first music teacher. As a young man,he continued his music study in Indianapolis,Indiana.\nIn 1930,he completed more musical education at Columbia University in New York City. Then he moved to Washington. For fifteen years, he taught music at Howard University in Washington. At that time, not many black musicians were known for writing or performing classical music. Teaching at Howard gave Duncan the chance to share his knowledge of classical European music with a mainly black student population. He taught special ways to present the music.These special ways became known as the Duncan Technique.\nBesides teaching,Duncan sang in several operas with performers who were all black. But it seemed that he always would be known mainly as a concert artist. However,his life took a different turn in the middle 1930s. At that time, the famous American music writer George Gershwin was looking for someone to play a leading part in his new work Porgy and Bess. The music critic   of the New York Times newspaper suggested Todd Duncan. Duncan had almost decided not to try for the part as he knew it would not be easy to get it. But he changed his mind. He sang a piece from an Italian opera for Gershwin. He had sung only a few minutes when Gershwin offered him the part. He became famous because of the part in Porgy and Bess.\nTodd Duncan gained fame as an opera singer and concert artist. But his greatest love in music was teaching. When he stopped teaching at Howard,he continued giving singing lessons in his Washington home until the week before his death.", "id": "high21600.txt"}