{"answers": ["A", "D", "D", "C"], "options": [["Learning to Save on Textbooks", "Why Buy Textbooks", "Online Shopping", "Tips for Buying Secondhand Textbooks"], ["College bookstores.", "Online used bookstores.", "Online auctions.", "Second-hand bookstore centres."], ["a government project aimed at helping English majors", "a project to help poor students get free learning materials", "a website for English majors to get the guides from language experts", "a website for students to get free sources for English learning"], ["the cost of textbooks in college is low compared to the amount spent on tuition", "online auctions are perfect for students seeking text books", "students should visit many websites before buying their books", "students should consider shopping costs and delivery time above all else when making their buying decision"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is the best title of this passage?", "Which of the following is NOT mentioned as a source to obtain textbooks ?", "According to the passage, Project Gutenberg is probably   _  .", "From the passage, we can learn that  _  ."], "article": "Every year many students went to the college bookstore to purchase the different textbooks that they need for their classes. Little do these students realize that, in doing so, they are throwing good money away. It may sound unbelievable but textbooks, in some cases, actually cost as much as, if not more than, college fees.\nMany people think that college bookstores are the most convenient source for textbooks. Titles are usually kept and students may purchase new textbooks or choose to buy second-hand books and save money. But the money saved by purchasing second-hand textbooks from college bookstores is small compared to the amount they could save by shopping online.\nMore and more online booksellers have begun selling textbooks at heavily discounted prices. Online second-hand bookstores are another source for college books as they keep a large number of textbooks, which means sizable savings for students. Students should avoid purchasing their textbooks at the first store that they surf online since there are so many 'unreal' booksellers on the Net. Price isn't the only factor to consider when making an online purchase. Students should also consider shopping costs and delivery time when making their decision.\nOnline auctions  are another option for students seeking a bargain. This option, however, has its _ . A plus is that students can get incredibly cheap books. One problem is that while online bookstores have a system in place that ensure you receive your order within a reasonable amount of time, with an auction purchase, however, you  must depend on the auction seller's timetable.\nOne way that students can really save is by getting books for free. Project Gutenberg is one resource that English majors will find invaluable. Here students can legally download a huge collection of classic novels. In the past students needing help with their studies would often have to spend a lot of money buying expensive study guides. Today that is no longer the case. Cash-strapped students can now visit the website SparkNotes for free downloadable study guides as well as classics.", "id": "high2162.txt"}