{"answers": ["B", "B"], "options": [["There are more women than men in Italy.", "In Italy women are completely employed in services.", "In Italy women are still at a disadvantage in employment.", "In Italy about two-thirds of the jobs are held by men."], ["The role of women in society", "Women demonstrate for equality in employment", "Women as self-employed professionals", "Women and the job market"]], "questions": ["Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage ?", "The best title for this passage would be   _  ."], "article": "Tourists were surprised to see a woman driving a huge orange tractor down one of Rome's main avenues. Italy's political leaders are said to have been even more puzzled to see that the tractor was followed by about 200,000 women in a parading procession that took more than three hours  _ . Shouting slogans, waving flags and dancing to drumbeats, the women had come to the capital from all over Italy to demonstrate for 'a job for each of us, a different type of job'.\n     Women, who make up 52 % of Italy's population, today represent only 35% of Italy's total workforce and 33% of the total number of Italian with jobs. However, their presence in the workplace is increasing. The employment of women is expanding considerably in services, next to the public administration and commerce as their principle workplace. Official statistics also show that women have also made significant progress in self-employment. More and more women are going into business for themselves. Many young women are turning to business. It is also a fact that today many prejudices have disappeared, so that banks and other financial institutes make judgments on purely business considerations without caring if it is a man or woman. Such changes are occurring in other professions too. The number of women doctors, dentists, lawyers, engineers and university professors has increased. Some of the changes are immediately visible. For example, women have appeared on the scene for the first time as state police, railway workers and street cleaners.\n   However, the present situation is far from satisfactory though some progress has been made. A breakthrough in equal opportunities for women is now demanded.", "id": "high21624.txt"}