{"answers": ["D", "B", "A"], "options": [["Some archaeologists.", "The Polynesians.", "Pedro Fermandes.", "A British captain."], ["The Special Land and Local Birds on Henderson Island", "Henderson--the Island that Became the World Heritage Site", "The History of the Coral Island--Henderson Island", "Henderson Island--an Island without People Living on it"], ["Some butterflies", "Some Polynesians.", "British national flag.", "Arthur's large houses."]], "questions": ["Who gave the Henderson Island its present name?", "Which of the following might be the best title for the text?", "What can you see if you walk on the Henderson Island today?"], "article": "Henderson Island is a coral island raised above the South Pacific Ocean, No people live on it. The island is 9. 6 km long and 5. 1 km wide. It has an area of 37, 3 square kilometers. It became a World Heritage Site in 1988 because of its bird life.\n    All the four kinds of special land birds can only be seen on Henderson Island. There are also fifteen non-local seabirds. Other local things include nine kinds of plants, four kinds of land snails, and one butterfly.\nAlthough no people live on the island, archaeological   evidence suggests that a small Polynesian group lived here between the 12th and 15th centuries until it disappeared. The reasons for its disappearance are unknown, but are probably related to the similar disappearance of the Polynesians on Pitcairn Island. Then Hendersonians would have depended on them for many of the basics of life.\n    On January 29* 1606, Henderson Island was discovered by Portuguese sailor Pedro Fermandes, who named it San Joao Baptista. On January 17, 1819, the island was rediscovered by British Captain Henderson, who named it Henderson Island. On March 2* 1819* Captain Henry King, sailing on the Elizabeth, landed on the island to find the Union flag already flying. His crew scratched the name of their ship on a tree, and for some years the name of the island was Elizabeth or Henderson.\nIn the early 1980's, American businessman Arthur expressed interest in buying Henderson Island, and establishing a small settlement with an airport, farm and large houses. But the British government refused it at last* after environmentalist groups persuaded them to protect the natural ecology and environment of the island which became a World Heritage Site later.", "id": "high21631.txt"}