{"answers": ["C", "C", "B"], "options": [["It would be better to water the plant in the evening than in the morning.", "It's necessary to water newly-planted trees once a week in the first summer.", "Put potted plants in saucers in case the roots rot in damp weather.", "Make sure fertilizer in the pot doesn't dry out, otherwise the water would not be fully absorbed."], ["potted plants need to be watered every week even in rainy weather.", "we'd better put water on the leaves and stems to keep the plants refreshed.", "It's better to use a rose on a can to water than jetting hoses.", "people usually don't want to waste time, effort and water in raising plants."], ["The importance of water in caring for plants", "Watering tips and skills", "How to take care of your plants", "The relationship between plants and water"]], "questions": ["Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage?", "We may easily learn from the passage that   _  .", "What can be the best title of this passage?"], "article": "Reader Janet Maynard has a lot of young bushes in her garden and is suffering from \" _ . So for Janet and anyone else who doesn't want to waste time, effort and water, here are my top tips for keeping plants refreshed in thirsty times.\nWater in the evening if possible, rather than leaving it till you see things suffer. That way the roots can take up the water in cool soil overnight. \n       Violently jetting hoses mess up the soil structure and may expose delicate roots. Use a rose on a can. Aim low - don't waste water wetting leaves, even though they look pretty and \"refreshed\". \nThe most valuable and easily damaged plants need the most attention, such as newly planted trees, bushes and climbers. Remove any water-keeping mulch you may have put around the base, then water it thoroughly at least two gallons, slowly. Don't aim your can rose at the stem - which we all usually tend to do. Aim the water in a wide circle so that the whole of the area under the plant is watered. You could even make a channel in the soil right around the plant so that the water is held in place as it soaks in. Replace the mulch. Repeat each week even in showery weather for the first summer. \nHow much water for pots? Fill up the gap between the top of the soil and the top of the pot. Let the water soak right in and then fill it again. Do this daily in hot weather for most summer potted plants. \nStand pots in saucers - it makes a big difference. But remember to check that the plants are not sitting in water for days on end when the weather turns wet. Roots will rot. \nIf the fertilizer in pots really dries out, the water may get straight out of the pot without being absorbed. Correct this by standing or floating the pot in a bucket of deep water until it sinks and no bubbles rise. \nA push-button watering can makes for more efficient watering, and recycled water bottles upside down with a needle which has a hole on the end are useful, too, for pots.", "id": "high21648.txt"}