{"answers": ["D", "A", "D"], "options": [["made her heart broken", "made her feel beautiful right then", "made her feel much better", "made her feel her mother's care"], ["Parents shouldn't insist on helping heart - broken children.", "Children feel better if their parents understand their pains.", "Boys and girls are different in dealing with break - ups.", "It is not easy for children to get through their pains."], ["go to take part in all kinds of activities", "date a boy or a girl secretly", "don't trust others", "try to be a true \"yourself\""]], "questions": ["The beautiful nightgown Winne's mother handed to her   _  .", "Which of the following statements is NOT true?", "If you want to find a true friend,   _  ."], "article": "Remember your first romantic disappointment? Remember the pain and unhappiness of breaking up - the  _ ? Winne recalls feeling very sad after her first true love deserted her. Her mother came into her room carrying a beautiful nightgown and handed it to her, gave her a hug and said, \"I know you are feeling heartbroken. I thought you could use something to make you feel beautiful right now.\" The nightgown didn't make Winne's hurt go away, but she knew that her mother understood and cared about her feelings.\nAs a parent, as much as you want to make it all better for your teen, give them space. Tell him or her that break - ups are hard and you are there for him or her whenever he or she wants to speak to you. Then let it go.\nTeenage girls often deal with break - ups by talking on the phone with their friends or diving into the Internet for a long chat. They review all the hurts and pains which are being cured. Boys react to broken relationships differently. Boys often become angry since that, unfortunately, is the only emotional choice that society accepts for boys. Some boys hide their pain. Respect your teen, when a relationship breaks up. It takes time to get over it, and the only way to get through that is to get through it.\nSometimes teenagers get into trouble while trying to feel accepted again or win back a loved one. Keep reaching out to troubled teenagers. At first, teens will refuse a parent's attempts to help. Don't be afraid to insist.\nTeen break - ups can cause heart - wrenching pain  , but sooner or later teenagers should be ready to date again. How can you lead your child toward a healthy relationship? Teens are likely to meet others like themselves through activities. The secret to attracting good people is to become your own independent person who feels good about who he or she is and what he or she is about.", "id": "high21672.txt"}