{"answers": ["D", "A", "B"], "options": [["The little boy got the video game because he was selected to win the prize.", "The little girl chose the video game as her present.", "The little girl chose the video game as well as the doll as her presents.", "The little boy was too surprised to believe what had happened in the end."], ["they wanted to see how happy the little boy would be when receiving the present", "they wanted to make sure the boy would thank them", "they were asked to do that by the cashierks5u", "they were waiting for the little boy to go home together"], ["was quite good at playing jokes", "was kind-hearted and really understood Christmas spirit", "was lucky enough to be born in a rich family", "and the little boy would become good friends"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?", "The little girl and her father stood, at the doorway during all of this because   _  .", "We can infer from the passage that the author thought the little girl   _  ."], "article": "I was doing my last-minute Christmas shopping in a toy store, looking at fashion dolls. A nicely-dressed little girl with her father was excitedly looking through the same dolls as well. As she was looking, a boy wandered in and sorted through some of the video games. He was dressed neatly, but in clothes that were obviously rather worn. He, too, had money in his hand, but it seemed to be no more than five dollars or so at the most. He was with his father as well, but each time he picked one of the video games and looked at his father, his father shook his head.\n   The little girl had apparently   chosen her doll, a beautifully-dressed glamorous creation that would have been the envy of every little girl on the block. However, she stopped to watch the little boy and his father. Then, the little girl put her carefully-chosen doll back on the shelf, and ran over to the video games. She excitedly picked up one that was lying on top of the other toys and raced towards the reception desk after speaking with her father. I picked up my purchases and waited in line behind them. Then, much to the little girl's obvious delight, the little boy and his father stood behind me.\nAfter the video game was paid for and bagged, the little girl handed it back to the cashier and whispered  _ in her ear. The cashier smiled and put the package under the counter. I paid for my purchases and was rearranging things in my purse when the little boy came up to the cashier.\n   The cashier rang up his purchases and then said, \"Congratulations, you have been selected to win a prize!\" With that, she handed the little boy the video game, and he could only stare in disbelief. It was, he said, exactly what he had wanted!\n  The little girl and her father were standing at the door-way during all of this, and I saw the biggest, prettiest smile on that little girl's face that I have ever seen in my life.", "id": "high21680.txt"}