{"answers": ["A", "C", "A", "D"], "options": [["in her early twenties", "in her early teens", "in her late twenties", "in her late teens"], ["Bath has greatly changed since Jane Austen's death.", "The city has changed as much as Jane Austen knew it.", "Bath remains almost the same as in Jane Austen's time.", "No changes have taken place in Bathsince Jane Austen's time."], ["attract readers to visit the city of Bath", "ask readers to buy Austen's books", "tell readers about Jane Austen's experience", "give a brief introduction to the Jane Austen Society"], ["to get to the Jane Austen Centre in Gay Street", "to buy Jane Austen related books, cards and gifts", "to find a guide to take you to the Centre", "to look around the city of Bathon foot"]], "questions": ["Jane Austen paid two long visits to Bath  _  .", "What can we learn about Bath from the passage?", "The author writes this passage in order to  _  .", "It takes you about one and a half hours  _  ."], "article": "Jane Austen, a famous English writer, was bom at Steventon, Hampshire, on December 16, 1775, and died on July 18, 1817. She began writing early in life, although the prejudices of her times forced her to have her books published anonymously .\nBut Jane Austen is perhaps the best known and best loved of prefix = st1 /Bath's many famous local people and visitors. She paid two long visits here during the last five years of the eighteenth century and from 1801 to 1806,Bathwas her home. Her deep knowledge of the city is fully seen in two of her novels, Northanger Abbey and Persuasion, which are largely set inBath. The city is still very much as Jane Austen knew it, keeping in its streets and public buildings the well-ordered world that she described so well in her novels. Now the pleasure of learning Jane Austen's Bath can be enhanced by visiting the Jane Austen Centre in Gay Street. Here, in a Georgian town house in the heart of the city, you can find out more about Bath in Jane Austen's time and the importance of Bathin her life and work.\nThe Centre has been set up with the help and guidance of members of the Jane Austen Society. After your visit to the Centre, you can look round the attractive shop, which offers a huge collection of Jane Austen related books, cards and many specially designed gifts. Jane Austen quizzes are offered to keep the children busy.\n    You can also have walking tours of Jane Austen'sBath, which is a great way to find out more\nabout Jane Austen and discover the wonderful Georgian city of Bath. The tour lasts about one and a half hours. The experienced guides will take you to the places where Jane lived, walked and\nshopped.", "id": "high21683.txt"}