{"answers": ["A", "D", "C", "B", "A"], "options": [["drawing a conclusion through research", "comparing opinions from different fields", "providing typical examples", "presenting a cause and analyzing its effects"], ["Shoppers cannot resist the temptation when they meet things they like.", "If a man doesn't intend to spend money,it's less possible for him to touch the product.", "The longer you touch the goods,the more desire you have to own them.", "Touching a product affects the customer's feelings of desire for the product."], ["they will particularly want to touch the products advertised on the Internet", "they just imagine its ownership and simply evaluate the objects in their minds", "their imagination of the ownership resulted in significantly higher valuations of the products", "they desire to possess it and do not care how much money they would pay"], ["there were noticeable differences between the students who touched the products and those who did not.", "stores have used the method of allowing customers to touch products.", "buyers won't buy the items if they don't like them even though they have touched them.", "a Slinky toy and a coffee mug were used to attract the participants' attention."], ["To illustrate the connection between touch and feelings of ownership.", "To share their good ideas about avoiding impulsive consumption.", "To develop marketing strategies for trade companies.", "To satisfy customers' social needs when shopping."]], "questions": ["The author develops the text mainly by  _  .", "Which of the following was found in the research?", "When people do online shopping,  _  .", "It can be inferred from the text that  _  .", "What led the researchers to conduct this study?"], "article": "If you want to avoid making impulse   and unnecessary purchases,then just keep your hands away from tempting products. According to new research,individuals who touch possible items in stores are more likely to have an increased desire to purchase them than those who keep their hands off the products.\nSuzanne Shu and Joann Peck,marketing professors at the University of Wisconsin's business school conducted studies on the connection between touch and feelings of ownership and the effect of perceived ownership on the value placed on an object. For one of the experiments,the experts placed two products,a Slinky toy and a coffee mug in front of the volunteers who were undergraduate students.  About half of the participants were allowed to touch the products,while the other half were asked not to touch them. The volunteers then were asked to express their sense of ownership of the products and to report how much money they were willing to pay for each. The results showed that those students who were allowed to touch the objects,reported significant increased levels of perceived ownership. They also expressed a desire to pay more money to obtain the products.  \nThe investigators also discovered that a sense of very pleasant feelings when touching products,determined how much money consumers were willing to pay.  However,if the object did not feel pleasant to the touch,it significantly decreased the amount the buyers were willing to pay.  \nResearchers said that many stores have already followed the right path. But what can be done while shopping online,when touching of an item is not possible? In this case,the experts say,just picturing in mind that they are touching it and then owning it,will cause greater feelings of ownership,and thus the consumers will be more likely to make a purchase.  \nWhen you touch an object,you immediately feel some kind of a connection to it,according to the researchers.  That connection stirs up an emotional reaction.  And that emotion can make people buy something they would never even consider buying if they had not touched it.", "id": "high21687.txt"}