{"answers": ["B", "D", "C"], "options": [["he didn't break the traffic rules on purpose", "he was not responsible for the girls' accident", "he had the right to chase after the girls", "he didn't feel anything at all about the girls' death"], ["they didn't expect it would be so exalting", "they should have planned more carefully", "they should have taken my brother's advice", "they didn't expect it would go wrong"], ["Never speed", "Never play pranks", "Think before you act", "Well begun,half done"]], "questions": ["All the guy got was a ticket for running a stop sign and for speeding because  _", "When the girls were planning the little prank,----.", "The passage is meant to tell us----"], "article": "It was a cold evening,the night before Halloween,when something happened in my town that no one will ever forget. During lunchtime at school,some girls who were my brother's friends told him about a plan that they had to toilet paper a guy's house. They had already been playing pranks  on this guy,and they were laughing about what his house would look like when they were through with it. My brother told me later that he knew what they were planning on doing was wrong,but he didn't say anything to the girls.  _ .\n     That night my brother's six friends stayed overnight at one of the girls' houses. In the middle of the night,they sneaked out of the house. They piled into one of the gifts' small blue car and set off to play their little prank. When they got to the guy's house, everything went as planned---until they got caught. The guy that they were playing the prank on came outside and saw them. Laughing,they all ran to the ear and hopped in,hoping to get away. The guy got into his car and chased after them,trying to identify them. He was right on their tail,and it scared the girls really badly, They were not sure what he would do to them if he caught them, so they went faster.\n    Then,when they were turning on a blind curve in the road,they lost control of the car and hit a tree head-on. Three of the girls were ejected from the car and were killed instantly. The other three girls were seriously injured. One of the girls had just enough strength to get out of the car and go to a nearby house. The people who answered the door were afraid of her and didn't even believe that there had been an accident. They said,\"Yeah, right,you really got into a wreck,\"and they would not call the police.\n     The three girls that died were all honor roll students and were looking ahead to doing something great with their lives. But all of their dreams were shattered when they hit the tree on that cold night. Only one of my brother's friends was wearing a seat belt,and she was one of the survivors. Now when ever I get into a car, I think about the accident and put on my seat belt.\n    The guy that chased them went to court. All he got was a ticket for running a stop sign and for speeding. I often wonder if he feels anything at all about the death of the girls in that car that he chased. My brother feels bad that he didn't say anything to his friends that day when they told him what they were planning on doing. They still might have gone on their mission regardless of what he said,but he might have saved his friends' lives. We'll never know.So many people have suffered because of a stupid act that was never meant to go wrong.\n     The only good thing that came from this tragic event is that the mother of one of the deceased girls is setting up a teen center in town in memory of the girls who died. Now there will be a place for teens. Maybe that will keep some of them from getting into situations like this by providing a place to hang out and have fan, to talk to each other, and hopefully five them a chance to help them think before they act.", "id": "high21690.txt"}