{"answers": ["B", "D", "B"], "options": [["Lightning can happen even if there is no cloud.", "Lightning won't do harm to people's health.", "Lightning can travel sideways.", "Lightning can strike very far."], ["Hide in a building.", "Sit in a car.", "Bend low to the ground.", "Lie under a tall tree."], ["The latest information about lightning.", "Some common knowledge about lightning safety.", "How lightning comes into being.", "Where we should hide in case of lightning."]], "questions": ["According to the passage, which of the following is NOT true?", "Which of the following mustn't you do in order to seek lightning safety?", "Which of the following is the main idea of the passage?"], "article": "People who are hit by lightning and survive often have long-term effects. These may include memory loss, sleep disorders, muscle pain and depression .\nExperts tell people to seek  the safety of a building or a hard-top vehicle any time they hear thunder, even if it is not raining. They say lightning can strike as far as sixteen kilometers from any rainfall. Lightning can travel sideways. And at least ten percent of lightning happens without any clouds overhead that you can see.\nPeople who are outdoors should make sure they are not the tallest thing around. Bend  low to the ground, but do not lie down. And do not stand near a tree or any tall object. Get away from water and anything made of metal. A car is safe, but do not touch any metal inside.\nSafety experts say people in buildings should stay away from anything with wires or pipes that lead to the outside. The National Weather Service says if you plan to _ any electronic equipment, do so before the storm arrives. Do not use a wired telephone. Do not use water. All these can carry electricity.\nSome people think a person struck by lightning carries an electrical charge   afterward. Experts say this is not true. It is safe to begin emergency treatment.\nEach year about four hundred people in the United States are struck by lightning. Last year forty four people died. The average  is close to seventy. The National Weather Service says that is more than the number of people killed by severe storms.", "id": "high217.txt"}