{"answers": ["A", "D", "D", "B"], "options": [["Malawi Lake", "Taal Lake", "Peyto Lake", "Crater Lake"], ["looks like a star", "can be fed by hand", "is as small as people's hand", "is the only fish in Malawi Lake"], ["Peyto Lake is very clean.", "Peyto Lake is a volcanic lake.", "Crater Lake is the world's deepest lake.", "Visitors can go hiking in winter on Crater Lake."], ["Few people go to visit Tall Lake.", "It's dangerous for people to visit Taal Lake.", "The Taal Volcano is the world's smallest volcano.", "Taal Lake is the most dangerous lake in the world."]], "questions": ["If you want to visit the world's first freshwater national park, you should go to   _  .", "According to the text, the mbuna   _  .", "Which of the following is TRUE according to text?", "What can be inferred from the text?"], "article": "Malawi Lake\nHome to 1,000 species of fish, Malawi Lake is Africa's third largest lake at 363 miles long and up to about 50 miles wide in some spots. Located 2,300 feet below sea level, it supports hundreds of local villages with its rich underwater stock. The lake's southern area represents the world's first freshwater national park. A star of the water here is the mbuna, a native freshwater fish known for eating directly from people's hands.\nPeyto Lake\nBanff National Park's Peyto Park is brilliant turquoise . For the most dramatic views of the 1.7-mile-long lake, encircled with thick forest and dangerous mountain peaks, pull into at Bow Summit, the parkway's highest point, and follow the steep hike to the overlook.\nCrater Lake\nThousands of years ago, a 12,000-foot-high volcano in the Cascade Range exploded. The massive pit left behind became known as Crater Lake. Forests of towering evergreens and 2,000-foot-high cliffs surround the lake. At 1,949 feet deep, it's the deepest lake in the United States. If winter hiking and cross-country skiing aren't your thing, wait until early July to visit, when the roads have been plowed and the trails cleared.\nTaal Lake\nThis dangerous beauty, situated just 37.28 miles south of Manila, is the deepest lake in the Philippines, with a depth of 564feet. Taal Lake is also home to one of the world's smallest but most active volcanoes, the Taal Volcano, which sits within its water on the   island of Luzon. The lake itself was formed when a larger volcano crater here collapsed. Plenty of tour groups offer trips to the natural wonder ---- in spite of the fact that the volcanoes are very active.", "id": "high21711.txt"}