{"answers": ["D", "C", "B"], "options": [["He was offered a part-time job.", "He was honored with a scholarship.", "He helped his teachers build a robot.", "He helped in the computer laboratories."], ["win honor for his school", "be the top student of the school", "build a robot with the Lego sets", "win the thousand-dollar prize"], ["Favorable", "Critical", "Doubtful", "Sympathetic"]], "questions": ["What reward did Nigel receive for doing well in his school work?", "Nigel's original intention of joining the contest was to   _    .", "What is the author's attitude towards Nigel's actions?"], "article": "Topping the class academically was certainly an advantage. For Nigel, studying was a piece of cake. The reward was certainly much bigger compared to the little effort Nigel had made. It all began when he was selected to help the teachers in the computer laboratories. And the peak of his school career came not when he topped the class but when he was selected for the nationwide competition. \nUnlike everyone else, Nigel wanted to join in the contest because he liked playing with the Lego sets  and making something out of them. Nigel spent two months building his robot. It was during the time that Nigel found out about the big prize for the competition as well as a competitive rival , Alicia, from a neighboring school. His early intentions were forgotten. Getting the thousand-dollar prize was more important than anything else. Nigel decided to make friends with Alicia. Unaware of his intentions, she told him all about the robot that she had been building for the competition. He even helped her to put the finishing touches  to her robot. He was glad with the way things had progressed. His robot looked even better than Alicia's and it was able to play a ball with its arm, something Alicia had failed to do. \nOn the day of the competition, he saw Alicia. Everything became clear the minute she saw him among the competitors. She stared at him, puzzled at first, then angry and finally a look of helplessness came over her. \nThe flashbulbs   of the camera exploded in Nigel's face. The robot had performed actions so unique and different that the specialists' judgments were the same. Nigel was so pleased with himself that he did not even notice the girl standing a few feet away from him. Without her, he would never have won the competition.", "id": "high21715.txt"}