{"answers": ["B", "A", "D", "C"], "options": [["he was too poor to support the family", "she was badly treated by him everyday", "he owed a lot of money to other people", "her mother had warned her about him"], ["the author's mother had a bad impression of her fiance", "the author was force to hand over all her money", "the garage keeper knew the author very well", "the author had helped the daughter of the garage keeper before"], ["After the author received the money she hurried back home.", "The police helped the author take her broken car to the garage.", "The author's car broke down on her way home.", "The author had no money to pay the garage keeper for the repair."], ["Confident.", "Modest.", "Helpful.", "Clever."]], "questions": ["The author wanted to break up with her fiance because   _  .", "From the text we can infer that   _  .", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the text?", "Which of the following words can be used to describe the owner of the garage?"], "article": "When I was 23 years old I was in a dangerous relationship with the man who was my fiance at the time. I was being physically and verbally abused on a daily basis. I was financially tied to him after he spent all my savings to pay his debts but I wanted to be free!\n     For the longest time I was too embarrassed to tell my mother about the situation. She had warned me about him. But, eventually, I worked up the courage to tell her and she sent me the money I needed to leave. Before the money arrived, he found out what I planned to do. I was so scared of what he might do that I decided to leave without taking all my belongings and just get out of there.\nThen, on my way to safety, my car died! I had automobile insurance (thanks to my mom) so I called the AAA and had them pull the car to a garage. It turned out the repair was going to cost $800 and the money my mom sent hadn't arrived by that point.\nThe owner of the garage must have known something was up because he asked what was wrong. I told him a brief version of my story and promised him I could pay him in two days. He never told me his name but I will never forget him or what he did for me that day! He fixed the car immediately and told me he would not accept any payment ---- ever! He said he had a daughter almost my age and hoped that if she ever needed help in the future then some stranger might do the same for her.\nSince then I have tried to help people in my own way. Now I have a beautiful 12-year-old daughter and I hope throughout her life she can help others and be helped when she needs it, like I was!", "id": "high21710.txt"}