{"answers": ["D", "D", "C"], "options": [["it is set up by Zuckerberg in a dorm room", "it has changed the way people view the world", "it makes people communicate with each other online", "it provides a safe and trusted environment to communicate online"], ["It's the world's biggest social networking site.", "The site of Face book has been translated into 35 languages.", "The number of its active users is 20 million more than My Space today.", "Face book is considered more important than iPod to the students of the UK."], ["when Face book is started", "what Face book is used for", "how Face book is developed", "why Face book is so popular"]], "questions": ["Face book is different from other social networking sites mainly because   _  .", "Which of the following is NOT true about Face book?", "The passage mainly discusses   _  ."], "article": "Face book, the world's biggest social networking site, is celebrating its sixth birthday. The site's founder, Mark Zuckergerg, states that Face book will continue to work as hard as it has worked in the last six years in order to stay the web's number one communication site.\nThe company started in a dorm room in 2004. Today it has 150 million active users, more than the 130 million of its competitor MySpace.\nFace book set itself apart from other social networking sites because you can communicate with people you really know and trust. Before, most people didn't want to share their real identities online. Face book has given people a safe and trusted environment for people to interact online. It has changed the way people view the world. A friend from any country is only a few clicks away.\nIt was back in February 2004 when Zuckerberg started \"the Face book\" from a Harvard student's room. The aim was to help students get in touch with each other over the Internet. Within 24 hours over a thousand students had signed up and soon after that the network spread out to other universities.\nBy 2005 a research study showed that about 85% of the students in the network had a Face book account. Another survey showed that Face book was almost as important as an iPod. At the end of 2005 Face book came to the UK. And up to today the site has been translated into 35 languages.\nSix years after its start, Face book has escaped the universities and colleges. More than half of its users are not at college any more and the fastest growing group are the 30 to 40-year-olds. Every day 15 million users update their profiles to tell their friends and the world what's happening to them. They also share photos, upload videos, chat, make friends, join groups and simply have fun.", "id": "high21726.txt"}