{"answers": ["C", "B", "D", "A"], "options": [["The St.Louis Fair", ".Russian Eating ?Habits", "The Development of the Hamburger", "The First Hamburger Stand"], [".Russina soldiers", "German immigrants", "a St . Louis cook.", "foreign sailors"], ["liked only fresh raw meat", "thought the Russians very clever", "were slow in taking on new customs", "found raw meat unappetizing"], ["describing the changes step by step", "retelling Russian folk tales", "describing eyewitness accounts", "showing that other foods changed too ."]], "questions": ["What would be the best title for this passage?", "The hamburger steak was first introduced in America by  _  .", "We can infer from the passage that the citizens of hamburger   _  .", "The writer talks about the emergence  of the hamburger by   _  ."], "article": "It would be hard to find a person in America who has never eaten a hamburger, but this popular food was not originally made in America. The original hamburger can be traded back to the Middle Ages, when Russians ate raw meat that was scraped   and shredded  with a dull knife and formed into patties  , It was called Tartar steak. This was the first step in a long series of developments that eventually resulted in hamburger as we know it today.\n   German sailors picked up the raw meat delicacy   in their contacts with Russians and brought it back to their home port of Hamburg. But the people there were unused to eating raw meat , so they broiled   the outside of the Russian steak; thus the hamburger steak was born.\n   The hamburger steak was brought ot America in the nineteenth century immigrants. Louis Lasssen, a cook in New Haven, Connecticut, modified  the hamburger steak by sandwiching it between two pieces of  bread. But the true American hamburger came into existence in St. Louis at the Louisiana Purchase Exposition in 1904. A harried cook at the fair quickly slapped broiled beef patties between buns and served them to a demanding crowd, which gulped them down joyously. \nAt first this new food creation was made from scraps of poorer cuts of meat that were not used for anything else, but before scrapes were not enough. The demand for greater quantities of hamburger could only be met by using more and better cuts . Hamburger stands sprang up all over the country, and a side industry of condiments , such as ketchup and relish, grew", "id": "high21723.txt"}