{"answers": ["C", "D"], "options": [["In the past, chicken feathers and rice straw were not very cheaply available.", "At present, chicken feathers and rice straw are useless for producing synthetic fabrics.", "The environmentally friendly products will take the place of the non-environmentally friendly ones.", "Scientists have not made any progress in the environmentally friendly products."], ["They are mostly made up of the same kind of protein found in wool.", "The clothes will be widely used in every field in our daily life.", "The process of producing the clothes does not cheap at all.", "A sweater made of the new clothes would be lighter in weight and warmer."]], "questions": ["Which of the following is true according to the passage?", "What are the main advantage of the new clothes made of chicken feathers and rice straw?"], "article": "Believe it or not, in the near future people won't just wear a chicken feather suit at Halloween or for fancy dress. Chickens, which have long provided food for dinner, will also be used to make our clothes as well. Last Monday, a report by the University of Nebraska in the US said in the future it should be possible to use chicken feathers and rice straw to make clothes.\n\"All those wasted agriculture products don't have to be wasted anymore,\" researcher Yiqi Yang said. \nNew technology will change these by-products into something similar to wool, linen, or cotton. Because producing synthetic fabrics   causes pollution, scientists wanted to find a cheaper and environmentally friendly replacement. They turned their eyes to the millions of tons of rice straw and chicken feathers that are widely and cheaply available worldwide. Moreover they don't cause pollution like petroleum-based fibers  . \nChicken feathers are mostly made up of the same kind of protein found in wool. A sweater made from chicken feathers would feel just like a wool sweater. It would be lighter in weight and warmer, too.\n    According to Yang and his team, rice straw, on the other hand, can produce a fabric that looks and feels similar to cotton or linen. The process is also environmentally friendly. The total production cost of rice fiber is about 50 cents per pound, while cotton now sells for about 60 cents a pound.\nMaybe some day in the future you will wear _ clothes like these.", "id": "high21731.txt"}