{"answers": ["C", "B", "B"], "options": [["Frightened", "Enjoyable", "Confused", "Usual"], ["To watch how long the lizard can still live here.", "To find out why the lizard had survived here for 10 years.", "To have a rest by watching the lizard.", "To take out the nail and set the lizard free."], ["It encourages us to live even longer.", "It teaches us never to abandon our loved ones.", "It tells us to take pity on the stuck lizard.", "It teaches us to give more help to our loved ones."]], "questions": ["How did the Japanese feel when seeing the stuck lizard?", "Why did the Japanese stop his work?", "What can we learn from the free lizard?"], "article": "This is a true story that happened in Japan.In order to  _ the house, a Japanese tore open the walls. Japanese houses normally have a hollow space between the wooden walls. When tearing down the walls, he found that there was a lizard stuck there because a nail from outside was hammered into one of its feet. He saw this, feeling pity and curious.When he checked the nail, he found ti was nailed 10 years ago when the house was first built.\n  What happened? The lizard had survived in such a position for 10 years! It has been in a dark wall partition for 10 years without moving! Then he wondered how this lizard survived for 10 years without moving a single step......since its foot was nailed! So he stopped his work and observed the lizard: what has it been doing?what and how has it been eating? Later, he didn't know from where another lizard appeared, with food in its mouch.Ah! He was astonished and touched deeply. The free lizard had been feeding the stuck one for the past 10 years......\nSuch love, a beautiful love! Such love happened with this tiny creature... What can love do? It can do wonders! Just think about it: one lizard had been feeding the other one untiringly for 10 long years, without giving up hope on its partner. If a small creature like a lizard can love like this... just imagine how we can love if we try.", "id": "high21750.txt"}