{"answers": ["C", "D", "B"], "options": [["when cars cause no damage to the earth", "when we can go on separate holidays", "that reminds us to drive our cars less", "that tells us to refuse to drive any cars"], ["it is impossible to have traffic-free streets", "people should keep away from their cars", "it's funny to get around the city without cars", "each day should be like World Car Free Day"], ["No cars can be seen on World Car Free Day", "Further action is needed to make people drive less", "Car-free days first appeared about 50 years ago.", "Most people in the world are celebrating the day"]], "questions": ["September 22 is a day   _  .", "According to Carlos Pardo,   _  .", "What can be inferred from the passage?"], "article": "World Car Free Day is a very important day on the environmental calendar. Every September 22, governments, green groups and ordinary citizens stress the damage cars are doing to the earth. The day is a reminder that we do not need to rely so much on cars. Those who take part in the activity hope that we all should realize we do not have to accept our car-controlled society.\n    Carlos Pardo from Colombia's Sustainable Urban Transport Project said, \"World Car Free Day is not only a celebration of fun ways to get around the city, but a demonstration of traffic-free streets and clean air is possible. But we do not want just one day of celebration and then a return to normal life. When people get out of their cars, they should stay out of their cars. It is up to us, our cities and our governments to help create lasting change to benefit walkers, cyclists and other people who do not drive cars. \"\n    Car-free days were organized as early as during the 1970s, and several car-free days were organized in European cities during the early 1990s. An international car-free day was organized in Europe in 1999. The European Union adopted the idea in 2000. Today, as many as 100 million people in over 1500 cities worldwide celebrate this day.\n    World Car Free Day aims to take a large number of cars off the streets for all or part of a day. This will give people a chance to see what their town might look like with fewer cars. But some people say it is a one-day trick and does not make people give up their cars for the rest of the year. They say what is needed is a move towards a more sustainable city transportation system.", "id": "high21761.txt"}