{"answers": ["A", "B", "A"], "options": [["They can help control sleep if canned.", "They can help slow the process of aging", "They lower the blood sugar level.", "They help relieve the pain of some diseases."], ["The FDA's New Rule", "The Health Benefits of Cherries", "Scientific Research on Cherries", "Different Opinions about Cherries"], ["In a life magazine.", "In a science report.", "In a short story.", "On an entertainment website."]], "questions": ["Which of the folrowing benefits of cherries are NOT mentioned in the passage?", "What would be the best title for this passage?", "Where can we most probably read this passage?"], "article": "like many other fruit,Cherries  are packed with antioxidants that may help to prevent cancer and heart disease,as well as slow the aging process.Perhaps you've heare about the controversy between the FD(Food and Drug Administration)and the cherry industry and wondered what it was all about.Are cherries not as healthy to eat as you thought they were?Should you stop eating cherries?The answer is no.\nThe controversy is over certain health claims made by the cherry industry and those who sell products made from cherries,such as pills,capsules and juice,not the health benefits of cherries themselves. While many scientific studies have demonstrated the health benefits of cherries, the FDA says that makers of products containing cherries cannot claim that their products prevent, treat or cure a specific disease such as cancer.\nFor the general population, however, the bottom line is that there is no reason not to eat cherries. There are two types of cherry: sweet and sour . Sweet cherries are often sold fresh in grocery stores. Sour cherries are canned and used in pies, and dried to be made into fruit snacks and juice. Like most other fruit,cherries are fat-free, low in calories and high in certain minerals and vitamins. They can be eaten raw, cooked or juiced; if you want year-round cherry enjoyment, they are also easy to can and enjoy at your convience.\nMost scientific research has centered on the health benefits of sour cherries. Sour cherries are among the top fruit as far as antioxidant levels go. According to one study, eating 20 sour cherries a day could provide the same pain relief that aspirin does.\nResearchers in Texas recently discovered that sour cherries contain high levels of melatonin  , something produced by the body that is thought to help slow the aging process as. well as control sleep. Cherries may lower blood sugar levels and help to significantly reduce pain due to muscle damage.", "id": "high21768.txt"}