{"answers": ["D", "A", "B", "C"], "options": [["the sharing of joy and sorrow", "mutual support in times of trouble", "personal gain or personal loss", "immediate pleasure"], ["explaining three types of friendship", "discussing questions", "analyzing causes and effects", "providing examples and facts"], ["friendships are a matter of calculable gain or loss", "there are no specific reasons for friendship", "short-term pleasure is the center of friendship", "everyday amusement is the true basis of friendship"], ["Friendship in Modern Times", "Friendship in Economic Recession", "Friendship in the Age of Economics", "Friendship in a Fast Paced Life"]], "questions": ["Consumer relationships center on   _  .", "The author tries to persuade readers to accept his argument by   _  .", "The author seems to support the idea that   _  .", "The best title for the text would be   _  ."], "article": "When I was 17 years old I had surgery because of a disease. The day after the surgery, I awoke to find a friend of mine sitting in a chair across from my bed. I don't remember much about his visit. But I will not forget that he visited me on that day, and sat there for I don't know how long, while I was under the influence of a morphine drip . We benefit greatly from our close friendships, but they are not a matter of calculable gain or loss.\nOur age, what we might call the age of economics, is strongly influenced by two types of relationships that reflect the lives we are encouraged to lead. There are consumer relationships, those that we participate in for the pleasure they bring us. They are focused on the present. It is what brings immediate pleasure that matters. And there are entrepreneurial relationships, those that we invest in, hoping they will bring us some return.\nAristotle thought that there were three types of friendship: those of pleasure, those of usefulness, and true friendship. In pleasure friendships, he said, \"It is not for their character that men love ready-witted people, but because they find them pleasant.\" About the usefulness friendships, he said, \"Those who love each other for their utility do not love each other for themselves, but because of some good which they get from each other.\"\nAlthough we benefit from our close friendships, these friendships are not a matter of calculable gain and loss. Consumer pleasures are lasting for only a limited time. They surround us for a short period and then they fade, like a drug. Entrepreneur friendship, when successful, leads to the victory of personal gain.\nIt is precisely this non-economic character that is threatened in a society in which each of us is offered only the choices of ownership, shopping, competition and growth. It is threatened when we are led to believe that friendships without obvious recognizable gain are, in the economic sense, irrational . Friendships are not without reason, perhaps, but they are certainly without that particular reason. Shared experience, not just everyday amusement or advancement, is the true basis of friendship.", "id": "high21771.txt"}