{"answers": ["B", "B", "A", "A"], "options": [["They wanted to give their son the best education.", "They wanted their son to receive the best treatment.", "They weren't used to life in India or Australia.", "They wanted their son to go to Stanford University."], ["English and mathematics are easier to learn than other subjects", "it is important to recognize the strengths of a child", "a child must learn English rather than law or history", "forcing a child to do things is also quite important"], ["He is really good at mathematics.", "He has no friends to play with.", "He is not allowed to play video games.", "He learned swimming from his mother."], ["the growth of a disabled child prodigy", "certain principles to bring up a child", "the special ways to train a genius", "the influence of parents on their child"]], "questions": ["Why did Siva's parents move to the USA?", "The family believes that   _  .", "What can we learn about Siva?", "The text is mainly about   _  ."], "article": "When Siva Kalyan was born, his backbone was deformed resulting in a lifelong difficulty in walking. But that hasn't stopped the nine-year-old from becoming a prodigy .\nUntil he was three-and-a-half years old, Siva could not even crawl. Wanting the best treatment for their son, Siva's parents moved with him from India to Australia and later to the USA.\nIn the USA, his parents enrolled him in the second grade based on his age. But his teachers soon realized they had a genius. Siva was then tested for the eighth grade, but it was soon found out that he was actually qualified for college courses. As one advanced course was not enough, the brilliant boy is now taking two courses from Stanford University. Due to the treatment he received, Siva's physical condition has improved as well.\nBut none of  _ \"just happened\". It was his parents' understanding and correct guidance, and the loving care of his grandparents that contributed to the growth of the genius. Siva's highly educated and hardworking family has brought him up on the basis of certain principles.\nThe family believes that once a strong foundation is built for the child in English and mathematics, the child is equipped to master any other subject, law, history, or engineering. It is equally important to recognize the strengths of a child rather than forcing the child to do things that he may not want to do.\nSiva's parents helped. Siva focus his energies on his strength, which is mathematics. At the same time they took care to see that he had friends to play with and enjoyed a few recreational activities. The only activity that's restricted for Siva is viewing television. Siva watches TV only for 30 minutes a day and video games are a bonus for special occasions.\nThanks to his mother who is a singer, Siva has also learned music and even won the first and second prize at two competitions. In sports, he likes to swim. He began to learn swimming to strengthen his muscles, and by the age of eight he was able to swim a kilometer in both the backstroke and the freestyle.", "id": "high21770.txt"}