{"answers": ["C", "A", "B"], "options": [["family relationship can be chosen", "love is more important than friendship", "friendship is the most important for students", "social development is based on friendship"], ["Students can't tell love from friendship.", "Schools lack correct and strict control.", "Students lack great expectations.", "Students' learning load is too heavy."], ["parent", "student", "teacher", "headmaster"]], "questions": ["In the writer's opinion,   _  .", "Why is it difficult for the students to deal with personal contacts between different sexes?", "The writer of the passage is probably a  _  ."], "article": "Family relationship, love and friendship are the three most important emotions in the world. Family relationship is the inborn connection, which you can't avoid or choose at will. Love, for a student, is not always within our reach and as for friendship, personally, it's most important. Nowadays, it is common to see friendship in colleges or middle schools. What is difficult is how to deal with personal contacts between different sexes. The key is to know how to tell love from friendship.\nThe term, friend, covers a much wider range of meanings. It can be a nodding acquaintance, a comrade, a confident  , a partner, a playmate, a brother, etc. Everyone needs friendship. No one can sail the ocean of life single handed. We need help from, and also give help to, others. In the modern age, people attach more importance to relations and connections. Without stars, the night sky won't be so beautiful; without friendship, our life won't be meaningful. With friendship, life is happy and harmonious. So, friendship may be a quiet walk in the park with the one you trust if possible, while love is the company you are always feeling like keeping. And friendship is when someone gazes into your eyes, you feel only care and calm while love is when someone gazes into your eyes, you will not keep calm.\nLove is not a word spoken out easily. In a way, love is selfish, while friendship is selfless and extensive. Love is not necessarily to be returned. But friendship needs something in exchange. You can't wish \"let there be love in our hearts\", for love needs enough time to sow, to water and to take good care of and also needs a rosy, calm, relaxed, emotional and private atmosphere. With such heavy feelings of high pressure and nervousness, do you think the schoolyard the proper field for us middle school students to sow our love?", "id": "high21794.txt"}