{"answers": ["C", "B"], "options": [["All the heads of the fish which will be dried must be cut off.", "When drying fish, the less you use the salt, the better.", "While using the dry salting method, you should hold the fish with wooden boxes.", "While salting fish, firstly you should put all the cleaned fish at the bottom of a box."], ["entertainment", "cooking", "science", "business"]], "questions": ["Which statement is TRUE according to the passage ?", "We can read the passage in the   _   part of a magazine."], "article": "There are three different ways to store fish. Two ways to store fish for future use are canning and freezing. Two other methods are drying and smoking. Today we have the first of the two reports describing, step by step, how to prepare dried fish.\n   Begin with the fish that are just out of water. If the fish are small, leave their heads on. Cut off the heads if the fish are longer than twenty centimeters or weigh more than one hundred fifteen grams.\n   Now clean the freshly caught fish. Cut off the scales and cut open the stomach. Remove everything inside. Then wash the fish in clean water and rub salt into them.\nNext, put the fish in a container with a solution of three hundred grams of salt and one liter of water. This will remove the blood from the meat. Keep the fish in the salt water for about thirty minutes. After that, wash them again in clean water.\nNext, put the fish in a solution that has more salt in the water. The water should be salty enough so that the fish float to the top. If the fish sink to the bottom of the container, add more salt to the water.\nCover the container with a clean piece of wood. Place a heavy stone on the wood to hold it down. Leave the fish there for about six hours.\nAfter that remove them from the salt water and place them on a clean surface. Cover the fish with a clean piece of white cloth and let them dry.\nAnother method of preparing fish is called dry salting. Wooden boxes or baskets are used for drying salting. After cleaning the fish, put a few of them on the bottom of the box or basket. Cover them with salt, then put more fish on top. Cover them also with salt. Continuing putting fish and salt in the container until it is full.\nDo not use too much salt when using the dry salting method. You should use one part salt to three parts fish. For example, if you have three kilograms of fish, you should use one kilogram of salt.\nRemove the fish after a week or ten days. Wash them in a mixture of water or a small amount of salt and let them dry.\nWe have talked a lot about salt. keep in mind that doctors advise people to limit the sodium   in their diet. It can raise blood pressure, and some people have more of a reaction than others.", "id": "high21792.txt"}