{"answers": ["D", "D", "B"], "options": [["actors are very unusual people", "the course at the drama school lasts two years", "acting is really a hard job", "there are already too many actors"], ["learning some lessons about the art of speaking", "playing her part in the \"Blue Colored Moon\"", "successfully matching the most famous actors", "acting a leading part with a most famous actor at that time"], ["all at once", "once for a long time", "once in a while", "once and for all"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, the main reason why young people should be discouraged from becoming actors is   _  .", "Connie Pratt soon became a famous actress after   _  .", "The phrase \"once in a blue moon\" in last line means   _  ."], "article": "Acting is such an over-crowded profession that the only advice that should be given to a young person thinking of going on the stage is \"Don't!\". But it is useless to try to discourage someone who feels that he must act, though the chances of his becoming famous are slim. The normal way to begin is to go to a drama school. Usually only students who show promise and talent are accepted, and the course lasts two years. Then the young actor or actress takes up work with a repertory company, usually as an assistant stage manager. This means doing everything that there is to do in the theatre: painting scenery, looking after the furniture, taking care of the costumes, and even acting in very small parts. It is very hard work indeed. The hours are long and the salary is tiny. But young actors with the stage in their blood are happy, waiting for the chances of working with a better company, or perhaps in films or television. \nOf course, some people have unusual chances which lead to fame and success without this long and dull training. Connie Pratt, for example, was just an ordinary girl working in a bicycle factory. A film producer happened to catch sight of her one morning waiting at a bus stop, as he drove past in his big car. He told the driver to stop, and he got out to speak to the girl. He asked her if she would like to go to the film studio to do a test, and at first she thought he was joking. Then she got angry and said she would call the police. It took the producer twenty minutes to tell Connie that he was serious. Then an appointment was made for her to go to the studio the next day. The test was successful. They gave her some necessary lessons and within a few weeks she was playing the leading part opposite one of the most famous actors of the day. Of Course, she was given a more dramatic name, which is now world-famous. But chances like this happen once in a blue moon!", "id": "high21795.txt"}