{"answers": ["A", "B", "C", "D"], "options": [["Because he considers that public speaking is just to say something in plain speech.", "Because he considers that when someone speaks in public, he doesn't bite his finger-nails.", "Because he considers that people do public speaking all the time.", "Because he considers that people are not afraid of public speaking."], ["Not to make fools of ourselves.", "How to make a speech.", "To talk all the time.", "How to have a clear idea when you speak."], ["You must make your audience learn your main ideas by heart.", "You must say what your audience will most likely remember.", "You must have a clear idea of what you want to say.", "You must write the last sentence of your materials first."], ["The more important the speech is, the easier it is.", "Anybody who can talk is not frightened of public speaking.", "The standard length of a speech is 12 minutes.", "Public speaking is easy. Have a go, and you will make it."]], "questions": ["Why does the author say \"Public speaking is easy.\" ?", "What does the author teach us here?", "In the author's opinion, how can you make your audience have interest in your speech?", "Which of the statements is TRUE according to the passage?"], "article": "Speaking in public is most people's least favorite thing. The reason is that we're all afraid of making fools of ourselves. The more important the speech is the more frightened we become. \n   But stop biting  your finger-nails. Public speaking is easy. It's just plain talking, and you talk all the time. Public speaking is not a \"gift\" like musical talent or being able to draw. Anybody who can talk can speak in public. Here are some tips:\n    Keep it simple. Your audience is going to learn one or two from your main ideas by heart.  If you can't express, then your speech is not focused well enough. And if you don't have a clear idea of what you want to say, then your audience will have no interest in your speech. \n    Get organized. No matter how long or short your speech is, you'd better get your materials in order: how you're going to start, what major points you want to make and how you're going to close. You may often write the last sentence first. When you know what your aim is, you can choose any ways to get there. A strong close is powerful. The last thing you say is what your audience will most likely remember. \n    Keep it short. The standard length of a vaudeville act was 12 minutes. If all those troupers want to sing and dance, they may make the audience bored. So make your speech short.", "id": "high21809.txt"}