{"answers": ["C", "D", "B", "D"], "options": [["They make it easy to buy things.", "Telemarketers will call your phone so you don't have to go shopping", "As long as two people each have a phone, they can communicate each other.", "They allow people to communicate with whomever they want whenever they want."], ["Try and buy something from the people they call.", "Fool people to buy products that don't exist.", "They try and sell telephones to people in the United States.", "Attempt to sell products to the people they call."], ["They hang up the phone without saying another word.", "They hang up the phone as soon as possible.", "They are very polite and thank the telemarketer.", "They are first polite, then rude to the telemarketer."], ["Caller ID only shows the name and number of friends and family.", "Technology only works when somebody important is calling.", "If you use caller ID then you can't receive phone calls from important people.", "Some unknown numbers might be telemarketers, but they also might be somebody important."]], "questions": ["Why do phones make people's lives easier?", "What do telemarketers do?", "How do most people react when they realize they are talking to a telemarketer?", "Why doesn't technology solve the annoying phenomenon of telemarketers?"], "article": "Phones make our lives easier. Usually they are a convenient type of technology to have around because they can help us communicate with all types of people for any reason whatsoever.  As long as somebody else has a phone, you can contact them. This means you can keep in touch with friends and family, contact businesses, and generally communicate with people no matter where they are.\nSometimes, however, phones can cause problems or be an annoyance. One phenomenon that is dreaded in the United States is telemarketing. Telemarketers call your phone in order to try and convince you to buy their products. They often start the conversation with a friendly voice or tone to try and convince you they can be trusted. Once most people realize they are talking to a telemarketer, they will end the conversation as quickly as possible.  Some will be polite and make up an excuse to end the conversation. Others are less tactful and criticize the telemarketer, yell at them, or simply hang up the phone. Although most people don't buy things from telemarketers, a few people do, so telemarketers keep on calling. If you have a phone in America you most likely have received a call from a telemarketer.\nTo avoid telemarketers some people buy new technology.  \"Caller ID\" allows you to see the number that is calling your phone before you answer. If you do not recognize the name and number of a caller you can simply ignore the call. Unfortunately there usually is no way to tell if an unknown number is somebody important, but unknown, or a telemarketer.  Even though technology can help some people eschew annoying telemarketers, they can't be avoided altogether.", "id": "high21823.txt"}