{"answers": ["C", "C", "A", "D"], "options": [["Only females do", "Females and males both do.", "Females do more often than males.", "Males do more often than females."], ["Because people are richer now than they were in the past.", "Because they can control what they eat and be healthier.", "There are many reasons for the increase in popularity.", "Cooking is relaxing."], ["More and more products are available at lower costs", "They are richer and can afford cooking supplies", "You can buy lots of ingredients and spices", "There are more cookbooks."], ["It is necessary for survival.", "If you don't know how to cook, you are not smart.", "Cooking is something that only women should do.", "If you cook, life is more interesting."]], "questions": ["In many Western countries, cooking has traditionally been a job that:", "Why is cooking becoming more popular?", "Globalization has encouraged more people to cook because:", "What is the author's opinion of cooking?"], "article": "Cooking is an important skill with an interesting history. Every culture has their own types of foods and methods of cooking. Most cities and towns have local specialties and dishes. Families often have special recipes and meals that nobody else knows how to cook. Food comes in almost as many shapes, sizes, and varieties as people do. And behind every meal and every dish there is a cook.\nIn many cultures, especially in the West, cooking has traditionally been a task more often performed by women than by men. Today, however, it would be foolish to say cooking is only for females. Even though people are becoming busier and busier with their jobs, more and more people are cooking, including men. People cook to relax, to save money, to eat healthier foods, or just to eat tastier foods.\nThis activity has become so popular that in the United States there is a television channel that does nothing but teach you how to cook. The internet has made it easier and easier to get all kinds of recipes. Because of globalization more types of spices and ingredients are available to more people at cheaper prices. This has helped contribute to new types of foods, dishes, and styles of cooking.  Simply put, cooking is on the rise.\nIn most places you can survive without knowing how to cook. But in my opinion if you don't know how to cook, you had better know somebody else that can cook, or life just won't be as enjoyable.", "id": "high21822.txt"}