{"answers": ["C", "B", "C", "B"], "options": [["They are more violent than other fans.", "They all enjoy American culture.", "They have different habits and practices than fans in other sports.", "They don't like other sports and think football is the best."], ["At least twice a week.", "At most once a week.", "At most once a month.", "At least once a week."], ["When a group of people celebrates because their favorite team won a game.", "A party that only some fans are invited to.", "A pre-game activity where people gather together and enjoy themselves.", "A custom where people eat, drink, and party during a game."], ["Busy", "Relaxed", "Serious", "Unique"]], "questions": ["Why are football fans different from fans in other sports?", "Football games are not played very frequently. How often are they played?", "What is tailgating?", "What is the best adjective to describe the attitude of tailgating fans?"], "article": "Football is America's most popular sport, and by football I don't mean soccer.  American football is a unique sport with its own rules, regulations, and fans. Being a football fan means something different than being a fan in other sports; football fans have their own culture and customs. Since football is a violent, contact sport, its games are played infrequently. Usually fans have to wait an entire week before they can see their favorite team play again. This means that football fans take advantage of the days they can cheer for their teams.\nOne custom that football fans have is called tailgating. Tailgating describes when a big group of people gets together before a game and has a small party. Tailgating usually lasts a few hours and involves lots of good food and beverages. It is most common to grill food at a tailgate, especially hamburgers, hotdogs, sausages, and any other type of meat. It is not unusual to see people drinking lots of beer, throwing footballs around, talking to (or arguing with) other fans, etc. Tailgating happens for other sports too, but it is much more important to football fans.\nSports fans in every country have unique and strange ways to celebrate their favorite teams and players. Football in America is no different.", "id": "high21821.txt"}