{"answers": ["C", "B", "A"], "options": [["Habits, ambitions, behaviors, and excuses.", "Hopes, asks, beliefs and expectations.", "Habits, attitudes, beliefs and expectations.", "Hardships, aims, behaviors and excuses."], ["Because they are not willing to succeed.", "Because they are lazy and excuse themselves.", "Because they are not of great importance.", "Because they don't want to ask questions."], ["Getting rid of your bad habits.", "Starting your action plan.", "Expecting miracles all the time.", "Starting an exercise program."]], "questions": ["What does h. a. b. e's stand for?", "Why can't so many people succeed in their career?", "What is the most important part for you to succeed?"], "article": "Successful people have developed habits leading to success. Those are the people you want to study and follow. Do what they do. Read what they read. If they are local, see if you can take them to lunch and ask questions. If not, get a hold of some of the things they have written about or listen to them. Most successful people enjoy the opportunity to coach people along and to help them become successful. It is their way of giving back. \nThe trouble is that most people won't ask. They come up with excuses. They say to themselves, \" I am not important enough for this person to talk to me.\" \nThe successful people understand that life is a learning experience and it doesn't stop in school. They always strive( ,) to reach the next level. Life will always give you the results of your actions. Ask yourself what actions are you taking? What are you creating? You create what you think about. Willie Hooks calls it our h. a. b. e.'s. Our habits, attitudes, beliefs and expectations. Before starting any new habit we have to know what we want. So how do we permanently  change our habits?\nStart your action plan. Put your plan together. What do I need to do first? Set my goals. Then next I would put a diet plan together. Then I would start an exercise program. You get the idea. Put a good solid plan together.\nSo there it is in a nutshell. We have the power to change any bad habit that we don't like. Will it be easy? Probably not, but it might not be as hard as we think either. The hard part is to get started. Remember that these habit have been a part of us for a long time so don't expect miracles at first. Use the process described above and you cam overcome and change any habit that you want to change.", "id": "high21832.txt"}