{"answers": ["A", "C", "A"], "options": [["Uncomfortable.", "Shocked", "Wonderful", "Excited"], ["The author seldom complains in the early morning.", "The author walked all the way to the Lassen Peak Trail.", "The view from the mountain impressed the author's daughter.", "The author hiked to the top of the mountain to get a better view."], ["It's great to walk outdoors and get close to nature.", "It's advisable to be well prepared before going camping", "Technology causes much harm to human society", "We should not break the balance of nature"]], "questions": ["How did the author first feel about camping in Yosemite?", "Which of the following is TRUEaccording to the article?", "With the article, the writer tries to send the message that   _  ."], "article": "THE first night in Yosemite had been awful. I hadn't been able to sleep and I was stuck in a too small tent with my wife and two kids. \"Things haven't worked out,\" I said to myself. But, like so many other things I complain before my morning coffee, this one was ridiculously off-key. Things weren't bad; they were good.\nA hundred yards(91 meters) away was Summit Lake, with its wonderful early morning mists   shimmering off the water. A couple of miles to the southwest was the base of the Lassen Peak Trail. The base was 8,000 feet (2,400 meters) above sea level, huge snow banks dotting  the place even in mid August. It was beautiful. We fired up the camp stove, got out our cold boxes from the heavy metal locker ,fired up some bacon, cut open some bread, and boiled up a cup of coffee. \nHalf an hour later, my 6-year-old daughter and I were in the parking lot of the Lassen Peak Trail, getting ready to hike. We wouldn't make it all the way-- young legs get pretty tired on a steep mountain path, but it didn't matter. We would see great views spread out below us, the volcanic ash that layered on the earth turning the melting snow a mysterious pink as the sun struck it.\nLater, on the hike, I felt stupid about my morning complaints. Everything had been worthwhile. It gave me enormous satisfaction to see my daughter so excited about the view from the mountain.\nYes, camping is uncomfortable. But there's also something wonderful about being so close to nature. Just as importantly, there's something about getting young children out of their increasingly technology-filled comfort zones and forcing them to encounter the non-cyber world around them.\nWe lose something when we spend all our time cocooned  inside a carefully constructed modernity, when read about daily affronts   to the environment, yet don't fully realize what is at risk, removed as we are from nature. It's a good thing to reconnect every so often with the Great Outdoors.\nBy Sasha Abramsky", "id": "high21850.txt"}