{"answers": ["D", "A"], "options": [["It helps the plant to bend at the right places while growing.", "It prevents the roots of plants from growing faster.", "It is no use when the surroundings have changed.", "It helps the underside of plants grow faster than the topside."], ["Why Plants Grow Towards the Light?", "Darwin's Dream Has Come True", "How Did Scientists Find Out the Secret?", "A New Way of the Growing of Plants"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is true of ausin according to the text?", "Which of the following can be the best title for this passage?"], "article": "Have you ever wondered why stems grow upwards and roots downwards? Why plants always seem to turn, towards the light and climbing plants run up rather than down? The answer is simple:auxin,a chemical substance that controls growth in plants.  \n    Auxin gives away its secrets\nAuxin is a plant hormone . Darwin was already interested in it in the 19th century. Only in recent years, however, has the hormone started to give away its secrets ,thanks to intensive molecular research.Auxin is produced in the young,growing parts of plants and then transported throughout the plant-to a low -lying stem for example. The stem needs to straighten out as soon as possible to be able to absorb the topside,resulting in the underside growing faster and the stem straightening out. For the same reason, plants in front of windows will always turn to the light . This active regulation of auxin transport allows plants to take ideal advantage of local and changing conditions.\n   A new means of transport for auxin?\n   The transport of auxin through the plant plays a vital role. And ,from all appearances,it is not a \nsimple matter. The researchers identified an important new link and means of transport for auxin: PILS proteins  . PILS proteins are vital for auxin-dependent plant growth and adjust the intracellular storage of the hormone. It is exactly this compartmentalizing   of auxin that seems functionally important for the various developmental processes.\n     Growing crops more efficiently: the right amount of auxin in the right place\n     Higher auxin levels at the right moment and in the right place result in better growth and greater harvest. Better adjustment of auxin levels would make plants grow more efficiently. The researchers hope to contribute to the development of more efficient growing processes by continuing to sort out auxin transport processes.", "id": "high21857.txt"}