{"answers": ["D", "C", "D"], "options": [["Magic And Hunting.", "Magic And Farming.", "Why Magic Works?", "Why People Believe in Magic?"], ["magic powers are greater than natural powers", "magic can turn dreams into reality", "they are not sure of themselves", "magic can bring good results"], ["Even though magic fails, believers in magic will explain the reason.", "Believers in magic usually overstate the power of magic.", "People use magic to reduce their uncertainty and give them confidence.", "Magic can solve problems people can't deal with in a natural way."]], "questions": ["Which of the following can best serve as the title of the passage?", "People believe in magic because  _  .", "Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage?"], "article": "People turn to magic chiefly as a form of insurance--that is, they use it along with actions that actually bring results. For example, hunters may use a hunting charm  . But they also use their hunting skills and knowledge of animals. The charm may give hunters the extra confidence they need to hunt even more successfully than they would without it. If they shoot a lot of game  , they credit the charm for their success. Many events happen naturally without magic. Crops grow without it, and sick people get well without it.But if people use magic to bring a good harvest or to cure a patient, they may believe the magic was responsible. \nPeople also tend to forget magic's failures and to be impressed by its surface successes. They may consider magic successful if it appears to work only 10 percent of the time. Even when magic fails, people often explain the failure without doubting the power of the magic. They may say that the magician made a mistake in reciting the spell or that another magician cast a more powerful spell against the magician.\nMany anthropologists   believe that people have faith in magic because they feel a need to believe in it. People may turn to magic to reduce their fear and uncertainty if they feel they have no control over the outcome of a situation. For example, farmers use knowledge and skill when they plant their fields. But they know that weather, insects, or diseases might ruin the crops. So farmers in some societies may also plant a charm or perform a magic rite   to ensure a good harvest.", "id": "high21867.txt"}