{"answers": ["D", "C", "D", "A", "B"], "options": [["Pasteur was a scientist and doctor as well.", "Pasteur lived for less than seventy years.", "Everybody knows that Pasteur succeeded in finding a way of preventing milk from spoiling.", "Pasteur's wife was of some help to him in his work.."], ["he earned little money.", "he cared much about money.", "what he really enjoyed was a simple life.", "of all mentioned above."], ["Because he was the greatest scientist in the world.", "Because he spent much of his life time studying the diseases of people .", "Because he lived simply.", "Because he was a great success as a scientist."], ["cared much about it.", "made more discoveries.", "lived a better life.", "achieved more successes."], ["study", "work", "get large amount of money", "raise tame animals"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, which of the following statements is true?", "From the passage, we know that Pasteur lived a simple life. This is because   _  .", "Why were many honors given to Louis Pasteur?", "Pasteur could have got large amount of money if he had  _  .", "To Louis Pasteur the real happiness in his life was to   _  ."], "article": "Louis Pasteur, one of the world's great scientists, was born in 1822, and died in 1895.While still a young boy, Louis Pasteur made his decision to become a scientist. He spent much of his life time studying the diseases of cattle, chickens and other tame animals. His wife learned to help him with his work. Almost everyone knows that Pasteur is the man responsible for finding a way of preventing milk from spoiling  . Not many people know he was the first to imagine and to prove that air we breathe is full of germs  .  One of his greatest successes was finding a treatment for people and animals to prevent a disease called rabies  . Louis Pasteur won many honors and could have got large amount of money. But Pasteur preferred to live simply. The real happiness of this unusual man came from his work. Louis Pasteur did so well in his life that the French government took up his work and created the Institute Pasteur in the year 1888.", "id": "high2188.txt"}