{"answers": ["B", "A"], "options": [["Mrs. Jones would ask for more tests", "the patient was being unreasonable", "the nurse was joking with him", "Mrs. Jones would call him"], ["Wrong glasses.", "Medical checkup.", "Her own imagination.", "Chatting on the Internet."]], "questions": ["The writer smiled while reading the patient message because he knew  _  .", "What has caused Mrs. Jones' eye problem?"], "article": "My first reaction was annoyance. It was Friday afternoon, and I was within an hour of finishing my work for the week. As I was leaving, a nurse brought me one more patient message. The statement read: \"Mm. Jones called to say that she has had blurred vision   ever since her medical test this morning. \" I smiled.  Suddenly our tests were causing eye problems.\n      This week my patients had questioned everything. My patient with high blood pressure had stopped coming to her treatment on the advice of an Internet chat room. A woman who had a mental problem was substituting (......) St. John' s word for her medication. Now Mrs. Jones was imagining problems. I rolled my eyes.\n    My second reaction was worry. As I looked through her record, I tried to figure out why she would have blurred vision, but nothing in her record explained the new problem. She' s probably just anxious, I thought. Still, she wouldn't have called if she had been all right. I picked up the phone.\n    What 1 next felt can only be described as delight. Before I made the call, the nurse ran in: Mrs. Jones called. Her vision is fine. Turns out she picked up the wrong glasses when she left the office. The X-ray technician has been having the same problem. I let out a lugh. Mrs. Jones had been right. Her vision had been blurred. Now we know why.\nFinally I felt shame. I came to realize what Mrs. Jones had taught me. I had first known she was wrong, that her anxiety had  _ . Instead, my medical training had clouded mine. Now I feel thankful that Mrs. Jones figured it out before I made a mistake about our relationship. Patients come to me for my help. They pay me to listen, diagnose  , treat and talk. That suggests trust; I must remember that, and trust them too.", "id": "high21895.txt"}