{"answers": ["C", "A"], "options": [["There were six children in the family.", "The father wanted to give his children to his  s.", "The father didn't farm any longer because of his illness", "The father's business flourished because of low prices."], ["The father's life work: raising his family", "why the father wanted to raise his family", "how the children grew up after their mother died", "the father's effects on his children"]], "questions": ["Which of the following statements is TRUE?", "The main idea of the passage is   _  ."], "article": "When his wife died, one baby was two. They had six other children, three boys and three girls, ranging in age from 4 to 16.\nA few days after he became a  _ the man's parents and his past wife's parents came to visit the family. ''We've been talking' they said,'' about how to take care of all these children and work to make a living. So, we've arranged for each child to be placed with a different uncle or aunt. We're making sure that here in the neighborhood, so you can see them at any time'' ''you have no idea how much I appreciate your thoughtfulness.' The man said .''But I want you to know,'' he smiled and continued, '' if the children affect my work or if we should need any help, we'll let you know.''\n  Over the next few weeks, the man worked with his children, assigning them small work and giving them responsibilities. But then another misfortune happened. The man got a disease-- arthritis. His hands swelled, and he was unable to catch the handles of his farm tools. The children did their work well, but the man could see that he would not be able to continue the work on his farm, He sold his farming equipment, moved the family to a small town, and opened a small business, The family was welcomed into the new neighborhood. The man's business flourished soon. He got pleasure from seeing people and serving them. Word of his pleasant personality and good customer service began to spread in the town. People came from far and wide to do business with him, and the children helped both at home and at work, Their father's pleasure in his work brought courage to them and the father got pleasure from their success. \nThe children grew up and got married. Five of the seven went to college and then they were married. Each one paid his or her own way. The children's success in school was a source of pride to the father, as he had stopped at the sixth grade .Then came grandchildren .No one enjoyed grandchildren more than this man. As they became older, he invited them to his workplace and his small home .They brought each other great joy finally, the youngest daughter, the baby, who had been two years old at her mother's death, got married. And the man, his life's work completed, died.\nThis man's work had been the lonely but joyful task of raising his family. This man was my father. I was the 16-year-old one, the oldest of the seven.", "id": "high21906.txt"}