{"answers": ["C", "B", "A", "C", "C"], "options": [["was too weak to stand still", "fell down on the road", "had a load on his head", "didn't know how to cross the road"], ["To ask why he was looking at him.", "To ask him for directions.", "To get him to call a taxi for him.", "To borrow some money."], ["he could not afford a taxi", "he didn't understand the author's words", "he couldn't bear the hot weather any more", "he couldn't walk any more"], ["That no one was with the old man.", "That the old man was just like his own grandpa.", "That the old man had come from a faraway place although he was weak.", "That the old man had such a heavy load with him."], ["A friend in need is a friend indeed.", "Where there is a will, there is a way.", "Expend the respect of the aged in one's family to that of other families.", "A fall into the pit, a gain in your wit."]], "questions": ["The old man that the author noticed   _  .", "What was the old man's purpose in coming near the author?", "The old man was disappointed at first probably because   _  .", "Which of the following things surprised the author most?", "Which of the following sentences can be the main idea of the passage?"], "article": "Just two weeks ago, I was about to cross a busy road when I noticed an old grandpa with a heavy load on his head just a few meters from me. He looked very weak. A few minutes later, I realized I'd forgotten to cross the road. And he'd seen me looking at him. \n   I love my grandparents so much that whenever I see any old people I won't forget to smile at them. I couldn't let go of this grandpa, either. He came near me and handed me a note on which there was an address. I showed him the directions and said he would need a taxi as it was 3 pm on a hot summer's day. Anybody would faint dead in this weather and I didn't want him to walk all the way. But he looked disappointed.\n   I asked where he had come from. He replied weakly that he was from Chidambaram, about 240 kilometers from where we were. I was shocked because he looked like he could not even take 2 steps without falling. I called a taxi immediately and asked the driver to drop him at his place. The grandpa wasn't ready because he had no money. I paid for his journey and asked the driver to drop him off safely.\nWhen I turned to look at the grandpa, who was leaving, tears filled my eyes and I didn't want to leave. Memories of my grandparents flashed in my mind, making me feel like crying. I said goodbye to the grandpa, and some happy tears dropped from his eyes.", "id": "high21911.txt"}