{"answers": ["D", "D", "C", "A"], "options": [["It is of great use to all patients.", "It is the first Microchip in the world.", "It can cure long-term illnesses completely.", "It can release medicine regularly as preset."], ["The seven women participants all got over the disease after the test.", "The company MicroCHIPS began developing the device in about 1998.", "the test with the women took seven years.", "It may be six years before the device is put to commercial use."], ["It can release exact amount of medicine.", "It can free patients the pain and stress of injections.", "it held only twenty doses of medicine.", "It is as effective as daily injections."], ["Taking medicine with a microchip under the skin", "A successful test with seven women", "Microchips are very useful", "A new treatment of osteoporosis"]], "questions": ["Which of the following about the new device is right?", "Which of the following is TRUE?", "Which is NOT the advantage of the device?", "Which may be the best title of the passage?"], "article": "In March 2012, researchers in the United States announce that they have developed the first wirelessly controlled device that can supply a drug directly into the body. A small chip is implanted under the skin. It contains the medicine, which it releases at preset times.\nThe developers say the device could improve the lives of millions of people who take medicine for long-term illnesses.\nA company called MicroCHIPS began developing the device about fifteen years ago. Last month, the company released the results of its first successful tests in humans. The tests took place in Denmark with seven women with osteoporosis. \nOsteoporosis causes bones to become weak and break easily. The disorder is common among older people, especially women. Many patients have to give themselves daily injections of medicine. One type of treatment requires injections for two years.\nRobert farra is the president of MicroCHIPS. He says many patients stop taking the medicine because of the pain and stress of the injections and that only twenty-five percent of the patients will go through the entire twenty-four months of treatment.\nThe microchip is a few centimeters long. It has small sections that each hold a single dose of medicine. Mr. Farra says the device has to be programmed with the times to release the drug and that doctors will be able to reprogram the device from a computer or even a cell phone. \nThe seven women in the study were aged sixty-five to seventy. The researchers say the implants were just as effective as daily injections. And they say the dosage amounts were more exact than patients often give themselves.\nThe microchips in the study held only twenty doses of medicine. Mr. Farra and his team are now designing a version that could hold a full year's worth of medicine.\nRobert Farra says, \"The new version may take us two years, and then we may be required to do two additional trials, taking about four years before the device is available on the commercial scale.\"", "id": "high21918.txt"}