{"answers": ["C", "A", "D", "B", "A"], "options": [["They are often quite cheap to apply for.", "They are very difficult to apply for.", "They are good tools for learning other cultures.", "They are only found in the study-abroad offices in colleges."], ["you need to speak a foreign language well.", "you need to have good marks at school.", "you need to be an excellent student", "you need to know when to use the opportunities before you"], ["to introduce the advantages of study-abroad programs", "to show us why scholarships for study-abroad programs are popular", "to suggest where one can find suitable study-abroad programs", "to provide tips on applying for scholarships for study-abroad programs"], ["write an essay on why you should get this scholarship", "submit your academic records", "be interviewed by the administrators of the scholarship", "prove you are a good recipient of the scholarship"], ["Education", "Fashion", "Business", "Entertainment"]], "questions": ["What do we learn about study-abroad programs from the passage?", "To apply for a scholarship, the writer doesn't mention the credential that   _  .", "The main purpose of the passage is   _  .", "To prove whether you take your academic studies seriously, you should   _  .", "In which part of a newspaper would you most probably read this passage?"], "article": "Study-abroad programs are a great way to learn about different cultures. Sometimes students don't have the money to join in these programs. That is why scholarships for study-abroad programs are starting to become popular.\n   Study-abroad programs can often be quite expensive. Finding scholarships is not that difficult. Usually, you can just visit the study-abroad office at your educational institution or even the financial services office. They will have a large directory  of available scholarships. If  your school does not have these offices, you can just quickly have a look on the Internet and find a wide variety of scholarships you might qualify for.\n   The credentials you need to be considered for a scholarship vary greatly. But, to be a candidate for any scholarship, you generally need to have good grades, be an outstanding person, and be able to take full advantage of the opportunities presented to you. You will be able to show why you are a good candidate through the application process. \n   The application process for each scholarship varies, which usually includes submitting  an academic record, an essay, and sometimes an interview.\nUsually, you will have to submit your academic records. The administrators of the scholarship will know that you take your academic studies seriously. Next you usually need to write an essay. This could be on a wide variety of subjects, but they usually focus on something related to 'why you should get this scholarship' to determine how much you want the scholarship and how good of a candidate you would be. After this, the final few applicants may be asked in for an interview to learn about you and why you would be a good recipient  of the scholarship.\nIf you satisfy all these requirements, there is a good chance you will get a scholarship. If you don't have enough money, don't give up but use plenty of scholarship opportunities for you!", "id": "high21912.txt"}