{"answers": ["A", "C", "D"], "options": [["give people more chances to be close to nature", "ask health professionals to offer useful advice", "protect the country's wildlife and environment", "encourage people to keep regular exercises"], ["Unconcerned.", "Objective.", "Supportive.", "Disappointed."], ["Being in Contact with Nature Is Good for Health", "How to Protect Wild Animals in the UK", "An Introduction to Natural England", "A Campaign that Helps People Get Closer to Nature"]], "questions": ["The purpose of the campaign is to   _  .", "What attitude does Dr. Fiona Adshead have towards the campaign?", "What is the best title for the text?"], "article": "Getting in touch with nature can help keep people fit, reducing the burden of sickness on the health service, conservation   experts say. \n     Natural England is starting a campaign to get people to spend more time outside among the country's wildlife and natural environment. The aim of the campaign is to get people to have more contact with nature by promoting green spaces and encouraging health professionals to incorporate (......) the thought into the advice and care plans that they give to patients. \n     Being close to nature can cut stress and increase physical activity. Dr. William Bird from Natural England said: \"Increasing evidence suggests that both physical and mental health are improved through contact with nature. Yet people are having less contact with nature than at any time in the past. This has to change. Children with attention disorders have been shown to improve when they have contact with nature. People recovering from operations have been shown to need fewer painkillers   if they look out at green fields.\" He also said people were more likely to keep up with their regular exercise in natural settings, rather than in a gym or leisure centre. \n     Natural England is working with the BBC and more than 300 partners to promote its campaign, which will be the first of four campaigns to get people more involved in nature. \n     Liz Cleaver, from the BBC, said: \"These campaigns now provide the public with the opportunity to get outside and to get actively involved in nature close to where they live. That's great for wildlife --but it's also fantastic for everyone's health and well-being.\"\n     The campaign has also received support from the government. Dr. Fiona Adshead, England's deputy chief medical officer, said: \"I welcome Natural England's commitment to encourage and enable people to make use of the country's outdoor space for physical activity.\"", "id": "high21925.txt"}