{"answers": ["B", "B", "D", "C", "D"], "options": [["It has an indoor playground for children.", "It offers colouring-in activities to children.", "It is famous for homemade sausage rolls.", "It is located in the beautiful foreshore park."], ["MUMU Grill", "Flying Fox Cafe", "The Glades ville Bistro", "Billy Lids"], ["Flying Fox Cafe only offers dinner for parents and children", "the open time of The Glades ville Bistro is influenced by weather", "MUMU Grill offers free popcorn for children", "Billy Lids does not offer service on Sunday"], ["9460 6877", "9986 0980", "9816 4052", "9916 0350"], ["explain why those restaurants and cafes are popular", "comment on some famous restaurants and cafes", "encourage parents to take kids to eat out on holidays", "introduce several family-friendly restaurants and cafe"]], "questions": ["What can we learn about MUMU Grill?", "If your children would like to walk a dog, you can choose   _  .", "It can be inferred from the text that   _  .", "If you want to book a table in The Glades ville Bistro, you should call   _  .", "The text is mainly to   _  ."], "article": "Eating Out with Kids\n     When you go out to dine with kids, you need to know the places where kids are not only welcomed, but really catered for. Now we've listed some of the best family-friendly restaurants and cafes. MUMU Grill\n     It offers the perfect family dinner. The children can eat and then play in the park opposite the restaurant while the parents keep a watchful eye. It serves various steaks, and the most popular one is the beefsteak with onion rings. Children will be kept amused by the kids'menus, which feature colouring-in activities. Children are able to colour in a picture of a cow with crayons  . Operating Hours: Monday to Friday: 4 pm to 6 pm Saturday to Sunday: 3 am to 7 pm Tel: 9460 6877FlyingFoxCafe\n     It is located in one park in Mona Vale. Near the cafe is a fantastic fenced children's playground, famous for playground facilities including a bike track, walking tracks and a dog walking beach. Operating Hours: Monday to Sunday: 9 am to 4 pm The weather can sometimes influence closing times, so if you are unsure, please call on 9986 0980. Billy Lids\n     It is a unique environment where your child can play safely while you relax in the central cafe area. The indoor playground includes facilities for children up to 11 years old such as a big climbing structure, slides   and a jumping castle. There are plenty of food options for the kids, including homemade sausage rolls. Operating Hours: Monday to Thursday: 9 am to 5 pm Friday to Saturday: 9 am to 6 pm Tel: 9916 0350TheGladesvilleBistro\n     Welcome to our revolutionary kid friendly family bistro   --where your kids are welcome to play, draw, slip and slide. Our menu includes sandwiches and chips. Your children will receive a free cup of popcorn with every kid's meal purchased. Operating Hours: Monday to Sunday: 11 am to 7 pm Tel: 9816 4052", "id": "high21924.txt"}