{"answers": ["B", "D", "C", "A"], "options": [["we feed the homeless every Saturday or Sunday night", "I write some encouraging words on the food", "we offer food for about 30 or more people every Saturday or Sunday night", "my family and I have been feeding the poor for several months"], ["They are homeless because of taking drugs.", "They are bad people against the society.", "They must have done something bad.", "All of above."], ["They don't ask the homeless to do something bad.", "They always bring more food every time.", "They often give food to them at fixed time.", "They never ask about the names of the homeless."], ["The falling economy across the whole country.", "He hasn't got a suitable university degree.", "He graduated from a common university.", "He doesn't like the teaching of the French language."]], "questions": ["The following statements are all right except   _  .", "What do many people think of the homeless in America?", "Why do the homeless believe in the author and his family?", "What made Tony lose his job?"], "article": "Every Saturday or Sunday night my family and I go out and feed the homeless people in the city of Orlando. There are thousands of people across the United States without any food or shelter. My family and I have been doing this for several months.\nWe all get together in the kitchen and prepare the food. Some of the meals are sandwiches, cookies and a bottle of water. Sometimes my mom prepares a steaming hot delicious meal. We then bag them all up to feed 30 or more people.\nI like to write special notes on the bags like \"God loves you.\" Before my family and I get into the car we ask God for protection in a family prayer. A lot of people misunderstand homeless people. Not all homeless people are drug addicts or bad people. Some are really nice. Some of them just had bad things that happened to them.\nAt first when my family and I went out on the street we had to earn their trust. A lot of people are unkind to them for no good reason. But now that they see us every week, they trust us. We even know some of their names. We all have to remember that these are people that have feelings. Some of them shake our hands for giving them food, and thank us. Some of them do really funny dances because they are happy.\nWe have become really close with this man named Tony and his wife. They have all of their personal belongings in shopping carts. After meeting with them several times he has told us a lot about his life. He graduated from Harvard University and has a PHD. He used to teach French and Spanish. He lost his job after the economic crisis began.\nAfter we get done feeding the homeless, _ makes me appreciate what I have at home. Sometimes it makes me sad, and makes my mom cry. I love feeding the homeless, and making a difference in someone's life.", "id": "high2194.txt"}