{"answers": ["B"], "options": [["Three.", "Four.", "Five.", "Six."]], "questions": ["How many children did Tom Hanks' parents have when their marriage ended?"], "article": "Tom Hanks has one of the most successful and extensive careers in Hollywood. He has acted in television shows and movies, and done voice work for animated   films. He's also a movie director, producer and writer. He won the Academy Award for best actor in back to back years. Spencer Tracy is the only other actor to have done that.\nTom Hanks was born in California in1956. His father and mother ended their marriage when he was five. Tom and his two older siblings   lived with their father. The youngest child stayed with his mother.\nHe once told a reporter that he had had three mothers, four fathers, five schools and ten houses while growing up. The movie star said he thinks the many changes helped him develop a sense of independence.\nTom Hanks started acting in high school. He took drama classes in college but left before completing his studies. He said he could not get parts in college plays so he left for New York to follow his professional dream.\nHis first major parts were on television. He won a lead role in the situation comedy Bosom Buddies in 1979. But he became a star with the movieSplash in 1984. More success came four years later with his starring part in the hit movieBig. He played a 13-year-old boy who wakes up one day in a grown man's body.\nTom Hanks mainly worked in comedies in the early years of his career. His starring part in the 1993 movie Philadelphia changed his image. He was honored with his first Best Actor Oscar for his work inPhiladelphia.\nHis interest in the experiences of World War Two soldiers led him to his involvement in the TV series Band of Brothers. He was also named an honorary member of the US Army Rangers   as a result. He also produced the 13-part series From the Earth to the Moonbecause of his support for human space travel. He is a member of the National Space Society.", "id": "high21946.txt"}