{"answers": ["A", "C", "D", "D"], "options": [["A natural emotion of anger.", "Consequences of anger.", "Control of anger.", "Possible solutions to anger."], ["It helps us find a way to correct wrongs.", "It's a perfectly healthy feeling.", "We should control it.", "We have a good reason to show it."], ["Make very positive changes in their lives.", "Protect themselves from bad things.", "Have unacceptable social behavior.", "Suffer mental and physical health problems."], ["showing your natural feeling", "leaving a situation that causes anger", "ready to beat a pillow", "on the way to solving the anger problem"]], "questions": ["What does the passage mainly talk about?", "How do people usually think of anger?", "What may happen when people try to control anger?", "When you talk about what causes the anger with your friend, you are   _  ."], "article": "Anger is a natural emotion that everyone experiences in life. Some researchers believe the first sound a baby makes when born could be a sign of anger. Anger may be the original or first emotion we feel and respond to. Imagine, before hunger, thirst, love, desire or any other describable feeling, we may experience anger. Not only is anger a natural emotion, it is in many cases a perfectly healthy emotion. Anger can motivate people to make very positive changes in their lives. Anger can motivate individuals to do positive and memorable acts. Sometimes we have to be angry at injustice, at evil, or even at nature, before we can do what needs to be done to correct wrongs or make things better. But of course, that is not how we usually think of anger.\nMost people think of anger as an emotion we must keep under control. Children are sometimes sent to their rooms or punished for expressing anger in an excessive   way. Parents tell a child to \"get control\" of himself when the child shows anger. We may be angry with friends or at work, but we know it is usually inappropriate to show it. We have to control the anger or suffer what may be the negative consequences. Very early in life, we learn that anger is something that must be controlleD.We learn this for a good reason.\nWe know that uncontrolled anger can lead to fights, car accidents, bad relationships with others, unacceptable social behavior, and many other problems. Many experts say that if one holds his anger in, it can even lead to severe mental and physical health problems. So what can we do to understand and calm this natural emotion that we call anger?\nExperts offer many solutions to excessive and harmful anger. Some of these solutions include talking about what triggers the anger with someone you trust and is a good friend, leaving a situation that causes anger, beating on a pillow, exercising more in one's daily life, therapy, medication, and many other methods. Whatever solution one chooses, it is good to know that by trying to find the solution to the problem of anger, the first step in the right direction to solving the anger problem has been taken.", "id": "high21942.txt"}