{"answers": ["D", "A", "C", "B"], "options": [["He got the right recipe from the growers.", "He succeeded by planting trees himself.", "He found the right recipe in a short time.", "He made it with the help of his family."], ["consists mostly of water", "has the function of killing bacteria", "may harm the growth of plants", "can help grapevines grow faster"], ["Growers have to change the jelled water once a month.", "Growers in California have bought ten thousand packages of DRiWATER.", "Egyptians will benefit a lot from the new method.", "Buchanan Vineyard Services will grow trees in the desert"], ["How to plant grapevines well.", "A unique method to supply water to plants.", "Harold Jensen: a great inventor.", "DRiWATER and the Sahara Desert."]], "questions": ["How did Harold Jensen invent DRiWATER?", "According to the passage, DRiWATER   _  .", "What can be inferred from the passage?", "What is the best title for the passage?"], "article": "In Sonoma County, California, growers are planting grapevines in a new way. As they plant the vines, they add a package of water called DRiWATER. This method of planting grapevines along with the water supply saves time and work. It gives the plant enough water to keep growing. The workers can go on to other chores.\nDRiWATER is a package of jelled   water. It melts slowly, watering the plant for two or three months. DRiWATER is a 100% natural, non-poisonous product used for the long-term watering of plants. It was invented by a well-known food chemist who recognized the potential of a filler product he was using to thicken peanut butter. He tested and applied his theory that water could be released over time as naturally occurring microbes   in the soil fed on the filler and released the water into the soil.\nThe inventor, Harold Jensen, tried for a long time to get the right recipe. He and his family worked nights and weekends testing different formulas. Jensen finally found the right formula and patented it.\nWhat are the ingredients in DRiWATER? It is made up of 97.85% water, 2% vegetable gum, and 0.15% aluminum sulfate. When the DRiWATER is planted in the soil, the water is released as bacteria eat the jell.\nBuchanan Vineyard Services has bought ten thousand packages of DRiWATER. They will plant the jelled water with their new grapevines.\nWhat about countries like Egypt that have large deserts? Maybe DRiWATER will help grow trees in the desert. Two million trees have been planted near a town in the Sahara Desert. Two quarts were planted with each tree. The tree must live on the water for months until its roots touch ground water. Harold Jensen hopes to see forests spring up in the deserts. This is the reason that he invented DRiWATER. Seedlings, DRiWATER, and desert may be the perfect fit.", "id": "high21947.txt"}