{"answers": ["B", "A", "D"], "options": [["In Italy", "In San Francisco", "In New York", "The story doesn't mention"], ["He thought he had arrived in Italy", "He did not want to go to Italy", "He wanted to see some  s first in New York", "He wanted to have short rest in New York"], ["The first policeman could speak Italian fluently", "The second policeman could not speak Italian at all", "Jack had a brief argument with the second policeman", "Jack could speak much English"]], "questions": ["Where did Jack live?", "Why did Jack spend three days in New York?", "Which of the following is Not true?"], "article": "In 1977, Jack, an Italian-American who lived in San Francisco, flew from America to Italy to visit his  s. On the way, the plane made a one-hour stop to refuel at the New York Airport.\nThinking that he had arrived, Jack got out and spent three days in New York, believing he was in Rome.\nWhen his  s were not there to meet him, Jack thought they had been caught in the heavy Roman traffic mentioned in their letters. While looking for their address, Jack could not help noticing that modernization had changed most, if not all, of the ancient city's landmarks. He also noticed that many people spoke English with strong American accent. However, he just thought that Americans got everywhere. He also believed that so many street signs were written in English especially for the Americans. Jack spoke very little English himself so he asked a policeman in Italian the way to the bus station. As chance would have it, the policeman came from Italy and replied in the same language. After twelve hours traveling round on a bus, the driver handed him over to a second policeman. After brief argument with the policeman, Jack was very surprised to find that the Rome police had employed someone who did not speak his mother tongue.\nJack did not believe he was told that he was in New York. In order to get on a plane to San Francisco, the policeman raced him to the airport in a police car with sirens screaming. \"See,\" he said to his interpreter. \"I know I'm in Italy. That's how they drive.\"", "id": "high21963.txt"}