{"answers": ["B", "D", "C", "A", "D"], "options": [["the Segway motorized scooter (para. 3) was once quite popular", "early adopters are probably welcomed by the tech companies", "Mecca (para. 2) is a place where new digital cameras are designed", "all the early adopters are very rich and enjoying buying anything new"], ["He is laughed at by his family and friends.", "What he buys proves useless and expensive.", "He finds himself no longer the most fashionable.", "What he buys doesn't eventually become popular."], ["Because he didn't want to miss the cheap but better cameras.", "Because he had to buy another new camera in several years anyway.", "Because the old camera made him feel upset and out of fashion.", "Because early digital cameras were of poor quality and couldn't last long."], ["Approving.", "Doubtful.", "Critical.", "Ashamed."], ["early adopters are likely to get addicted to modern technology", "early adopters bravely spend much money buying new technology", "early adopters are as a matter of fact clever investors of technology", "early adopters help promote the development of technology"]], "questions": ["It can be inferred from the passage that   _  .", "According to the passage, what's probably the worst result for an early adopter?", "Why did the writer buy a new digital camera last year?", "Which of the following best describe the writer's attitude towards the early adopters?", "By saying the last sentence \"Really, we are heroes.\" the writer wants to express that   _  ."], "article": "Gadgets   can be wildly expensive and quickly out-of-date, but Steven Poole is still the first to buy them. Technological innovations   are often quite stupid. The idea that you might want to walk down the street holding a mobile phone in front of your face, just to experience the wonders of video calling, is clearly ridiculous. Luckily for the tech companies, however, there are some people who jump at the chance to buy into new gadgets before they are fully ready and cheap enough for the mass-market. They are called early adopters, and their fate is a terrible one. I should know, since I am one myself.\nEarly adopters have a Mecca: it's Tokyo's Akihabara district, also known as \"Electric City\". There, in 1999, I bought a digital camera, a gizmo that few people in Britain had heard of. Over the next few years I watched in great sadness as digital cameras became more popular, cheaper and more powerful, until better models could be had for a quarter of the price I had paid. Did I feel stupid? What I actually did was this: I splashed out more money last year for a new one, one that let me feel pleasantly ahead of the curve once again. But I know that cannot last, and I'll probably have to buy another in a few years.\nThus early adopters are betting on other people eventually feeling the same desires. And it's worse if that future never arrives. Early adopters of the Betamax home-video format in the 1970s could only look on in sadness when their investment was nullified by the success of VHS. All sorts of apparently splendid inventions, such as videogame consoles like the Atari Jaguar have been abandoned to the dustbin of history right after a few early adopters bought in. Those who invested thousands in a Segway motorized scooter on the wave of ridiculous advertising campaigns that accompanied its launch a couple of years ago can join the club.\nYou might think we should just stop being so silly, save our money, and wait to see what really catches on. But the logic of the industry is such that, if everyone did that, no innovation would become popular. Imagine the third person to buy an ordinary telephone soon after Alexander Graham Bell had invented it. Who was he going to call? Maybe he simply bought two phones, one for a special friend. But still, the usefulness and eventual popularity of the device wasn't clear at the time. Nobody dreamed of the possibility of being able to speak to any one of millions of people. And yet if he, and the hundreds and thousands of early adopters after him, had not bought into the idea, the vast communication networks that we all take for granted today would never have been built.\nThe same goes, indeed, for all new technologies. Those guys holding bricks to their ears that we laughed at in the 1980s made the current mobile phone possible. People who bought DVD players when they still cost a fortune, instead of today's cheap one at the local supermarket, made sure that the new format succeeded. Early adopters' desire for desires supported the future financially. And what did they get for their pains? They got a hole in their bank accounts and inferior, unperfected technology. But still, they got it first. And today they are still at work, buying overpriced digital radios, DVD recorders and LCD televisions, and even 3G phones, so that you will be eventually be able to buy better and less expensive ones.\nSo next time you see a gadget-festooned geek   and feel tempted to sneer  , think for a minute. Without early adopters, there would be no cheap mobile phones or DVD players; there would be no telephone or television either. We are the tragic, unsung foot soldiers of the technology revolution. We're the desire-addicted pioneers, pure in heart, dreaming of a better future. We make expensive mistakes so you don't have to. Really, we are heroes.", "id": "high21970.txt"}