{"answers": ["A", "C"], "options": [["going 50 to 100 miles between charges", "recharging quickly and conveniently", "reducing environmental pollution", "driving farther between refueling"], ["Hybrid Car---Best Seller in the Car Market", "Hybrid Car---Reputation in the Car Industry", "Hybrid Car---A Better Choice for the Future", "Hybrid Car---A New Technical Invention"]], "questions": ["From the passage, we know the hybrid cars can do the following EXCEPT  _  .", "What may be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "Have you pulled your car up to the gas pump lately and been shocked by the high price of gas? As the pump clicked past $50, $60, $70 or even $80, maybe you thought about trading in your car for something that gets better mileage  . Or maybe you're worried that your car is contributing to the greenhouse effect. \n    The car industry has the technology to address these concerns. It's the hybrid car. There are a lot of hybrid models on the market these days, and most automobile factories have announced plans to produce their own versions. \n    To be useful to you, a car must meet certain requirements. The ear should be able to drive at least 300 miles (482 km) between refueling, be refueled quickly and easily, and keep up with the other traffic on the road. \n    A gasoline car meets these requirements, but produces a  ly large amount of pollution and generally gets poor gas mileage. An electric car, however, produces almost no pollution, but it can only go 50 to 100 miles (80 to 161 km) between charges, and the problem has been that the electric car is very slow and inconvenient to recharge. \n    The hybrid is a  _ . It significantly increases the mileage and reduce the emissions of a gas-powered car while overcoming the shortcomings of an electric car. \n    Most hybrid cars on the road right now are gasoline-electric hybrids, although French car maker Citroen has two diesel-electric hybrid cars in the works. \n    In fact, hybrid vehicles are all around us, For example, an electric bike is a type of hybrid because it combines the power of electricity with the pedal power of its rider. Most of the locomotives  we see pulling trains are diesel-electric hybrids. Cities like Seattle have diesel-electric buses---these can draw electric power from overhead wires or run on diesel when they are away from the wires. Submarines are also hybrid vehicles---some are nuclear-electric and some are diesel-electric. Any vehicle that combines two or more sources of power that can directly or indirectly provide propulsion power is a hybrid.", "id": "high21980.txt"}