{"answers": ["B", "D", "C"], "options": [["on the weekend", "on a school day", "during a school holiday", "around Christmas"], ["Disney World theme parks have the same opening and closing times all the year round", "the only way to get Walt Disney World tickets is to buy them at Disney World's website", "visitors can get their lunch or dinner at any time when they are visiting the theme parks", "there are many students in Disney World theme parks during important festivals"], ["The History of the Magic Kingdom", "The Brief Introduction to the Magic Kingdom", "Advice on Making a Trip to the Magic Kingdom", "The Most Important Theme Park in the Disney World"]], "questions": ["The best time for an adult to visit the Magic Kingdom is   _  .", "We may infer from the passage that   _  .", "What would be the best title of this passage?"], "article": "The Magic Kingdom was the first theme park at Walt Disney World, opening in 1971. All Disney World theme parks are open 365 days a year, although opening and closing times for each park are different. If you are traveling without kids, try to visit on a school day to avoid the largest crowds. If you need to visit during a school vacation, try to avoid the week between Christmas and New Year's and the Fourth of July.\nIf you are not staying at a Disney World hotel, avoid visiting the Magic Kingdom on its Extra Magic Hours days, as Disney's hotel guests get into the park early on those days,  _ wait times for visitors who arrive at the Magic Kingdom's normal opening time.\nBuy your Walt Disney World tickets online at Disney World's website. For advice on picking the right ticket, see our guide to Disney World tickets.\nYou will also need to call in advance to make lunch and/or dinner reservations . Disney accepts reservations, through 1-407-WDW-DINE, up to 180 days in advance. Times do go quickly, so you should call six months before your trip to get a lunch reservation in the castle. We recommend you should have your lunch at Cinderella's Royal Table for your tour.\nPlan to arrive at the Magic Kingdom's front gate before the park opens in the morning. You can check the Magic Kingdom's opening time through Disney World's website.\nKeep in mind that to reach the Magic Kingdom, you must park at Disney World's Transportation and Ticket Center parking lot, ride at tram  to the TTC, then take a boat across the Seven Seas Lagoon to the Magic Kingdom. It will take you extra time to get there. Give yourself an extra hour in the summer and half-hour during the school year.", "id": "high21997.txt"}