{"answers": ["B", "B", "D", "D", "A"], "options": [["the way in which gases are used for keeping plants warm", "a natural course that is to a certain degree useful to us", "the way \"greenhouse gases\" trap heat on the earth", "the whole course in which greenhouse gases prevent heat"], ["all plants would not grow on our planet", "soil would reduce the temperature by 30 degrees", "man would breathe the cleaner air", "people couldn't live in the earth"], ["Burning too much coal and oil produces lots of greenhouse gases.", "It has become warm on the earth now than in the past.", "Gases put into the atmosphere now will affect the earth years later.", "The temperature in a greenhouse is as high as that in the atmosphere."], ["great harm will be done to mankind", "the sea level would go up by 10 centimeters", "all the land in the world would be flooded", "crops would be unable to grow on the earth"], ["the concept   and the harm of the greenhouse", "the relation between greenhouse gases and man", "the concept and change of greenhouse effect", "the effect of the rise of the earth's temperature"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, we can know \"greenhouse effect\" means  _  .", "If there were no greenhouse effect,  _  .", "Which of the following is not true?", "Suppose the earth's temperature rose by 3 degrees,   _  .", "This passage mainly deals with   _  ."], "article": "A green house is a building made of glass which is used for keeping warm when the outside temperature is low. In a similar way there are several gases in the atmosphere (mixture of gases that surround the earth) which trap the heat produced by the sun and prevent it from escaping. These gases are known as \"greenhouse gases\". And the way in which they trap heat in the atmosphere is called the \"greenhouse effect\". This is not simply air pollution. Most of the main greenhouse gases exist naturally in small amounts in our atmosphere, and without them the earth would be 30 degrees colder and human life would not exist. In other words, the greenhouse effect is a natural course which is to some degree helpful to us.\nThe problem is that in the last century and a half, we have been putting too many of these gases into the earth's atmosphere by burning large quantities of coal and oil and by cutting down forest. The rapid increase in greenhouse gases is making the world warmer. The world's temperature has already gone up by half a degree this century, and the sea level has risen by 10 centimetres. If the amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere doubles, there will probably be a rise in the earth's temperature of between I and 4degC;. This may seem a small increase, but it would be enough to cause major changes in geography and agriculture. Large areas of the world would be flooded, and some areas would become dry and unable to produce crops. It is important, too, to consider that there may be a delay of about 30 years in the greenhouse effect. This means that we are probably experiencing only now the effect of the gases put into the atmosphere before the 1960s. Since then, our use of these gases has greatly increased.", "id": "high22.txt"}