{"answers": ["D", "B", "A", "C"], "options": [["improve her behavior", "develop her independence", "be in memory of her dead brother", "protect her from possible danger"], ["She just ignores them.", "She faces up to them.", "She turns to her mother for help.", "She does them with her friends."], ["the writer failed in her first marriage", "nothing can make the writer afraid now", "frightening things made the writer lose her self-confidence", "the writer's mother felt annoyed with her"], ["Mothers influence their children much.", "Fear is in fact not a bad thing.", "Facing fear bravely produces courage.", "The world is not as scary as people expect."]], "questions": ["In the writer's childhood, the limits and rules were used to   _  .", "How does the writer deal with the things that frighten her?", "From the passage, we can learn that   _  .", "What does the passage mainly talk about?"], "article": "After my brother died in an accident, my mother was in deep sadness. I was only a four-year-old girl at the time, but I still understood the sudden shift in my mom's attitude towards safety. Suddenly everything around us was potentially dangerous. Overnight, the world had gone from a playground to a dangerous zone. I grew up with a lot of limits and rules. I couldn't walk home from school by myself, even though everyone I knew already did. I couldn't go to summer camp because what if something happened to me?\nAs I got older, the list of things of fear got longer. My whole life was divided into \"things you should avoid\", and \"things you needed to do in order to have a good, long life.\" I became a natural worrier. I worry about things like getting cancer, losing my wallet, car accidents, earthquakes, and losing my job -- disasters big and small, real and imagined.\nThe funny part is that you'd never know it by looking at my life. In fact, I've developed a rule for myself: If it scares me, then I have to do it at least once. I've done lots of things that my mom would have worried about: I've ridden a motorcycle; I've traveled --a lot. I've performed stand-up comedy, and I'm planning my second wedding.\nThere's something else I don't usually talk about, but it's a cornerstone in my belief: When I was 14, my mother died suddenly in a car accident. At my mom's funeral I remember making a choice. I could either live out the rest of my life trying to be \"safe\" or I could be brave enough to live out a fulfilling, exciting and, yes, sometimes dangerous life.\nI worry that I may have betrayed  my mother by writing her in this light, but she has been a driving force in my life and, in the end I think she would have been proud of me. Courage isn't a natural character of human beings. I believe that using courage is like developing a muscle. The more often I do things that scare me or that make me uncomfortable, the more I realize that I can do a lot more than I originally thought I could do.\nEven though I inherited   my mother's cautious nature. I've also come to believe that fear can be a good thing, if we face it. Believing that has made my world a less scary place.", "id": "high220.txt"}