{"answers": ["A", "D", "C"], "options": [["chicken, apples, cereal, cabbages", "potatoes, carrots, rice, bread", "oranges, bananas, fish, tomatoes", "beef, pork, fish, milk"], ["three times a day", "dinner at the right time", "cooked food all the day", "something from each of the seven kinds of food every day"], ["People in some places don't have enough to eat.", "There are too many people in the world.", "One of the problems is that no one is hungry.", "The scientists are trying to make people grow to be strong and healthy."]], "questions": ["According to the scientists, which of the following groups of food is the healthiest for your lunch?", "It is important for people to eat   _  .", "Which of the following is NOT true?"], "article": "Paragraph 1\nScientists have learned a lot about the kinds of food people need. They say that there are several kinds of food that people should eat every day. They are: (1) green and yellow vegetables of all kinds. (2) citrus  fruits and tomatoes; (3) potatoes and other fruits and vegetables; (4) meat of all kinds, fish and eggs; (5) milk and foods made from milk; (6) bread or cereal , rice is also in this kind of food; (7) butter, or something like butter.\nParagraph 2\nPeople in different countries and different places of the world eat different kinds of things. Foods are cooked and eaten in many different kinds of ways. People in different countries eat at different times of the day. In some places people eat once or twice a day; in other countries people eat three or four times a day. Scientists say that none of the differences is really important. It doesn't matter whether foods are eaten raw  or cooked, canned or frozen. It doesn't matter if a person eats dinner at 4 o'clock in the afternoon or at eleven o'clock at night. The important thing is what you eat every day.\nParagraph 3\nThere are two problems, then, in feeding the large number of people on earth. The first is to find some ways to feed the world's population so that no one is hungry.\nThe second is to make sure that people everywhere have the right kinds of food to make them grow to be strong and healthy.", "id": "high2200.txt"}