{"answers": ["A", "B", "A"], "options": [["She survived while her uncle did not.", "She didn't shy away from public attention.", "She has inspired some disabled people.", "She managed to make a living by herself."], ["works in an IT company", "was inspired by Maricel", "once lived in Mindanao", "has already started classes"], ["We should be determined and never lose hope.", "We shouldn't look down upon the disabled.", "We should help those who suffer disabilities.", "We should feel sympathy for the unfortunate."]], "questions": ["Which of the following is NOT true about Maricel?", "According to the text, Ronelyn   _  .", "What does the author want to tell us in the text?"], "article": "Maricel Apatan, 22, stands in the kitchen of the Edsa Shangi-La Hotel in Manila, preparing to decorate a cheesecake. It would seem to be a routine task for a cake chef, but Maricel is no ordinary chef -- she has no hands.\n    Maricel has come a long way since the day in September 2000 when she and her uncle were attacked near their farm. Fortunately, both of them survived, but the 11-year-old girl lost her hands. In 2004, she entered a Manila training centre for people with disabilities. She learned how to write and do housework and, more importantly, came to terms with her disability.\n    After graduation from high school, she took a two-year Hotel and Restaurant course and  _ even though she was the only disabled student in the course. After she moved back to Manila to continue her studies, the media started reporting on this determined young woman. She didn't shy away from the attention. \"I wanted others living with disabilities to believe it's possible to live a normal life,\" Maricel says.\n    After managers at the Edsa Shangri-La Hotel saw Maricel on television, they hired her as part of the hotel's Care for People project. She has also accomplished her goal of inspiring others. One of them is Ronelyn Calumpiano, a 21-year-old with cerebral palsy . She saw Maricel on television and was moved by her confidence. Ronelyn will soon start classes and is already planning a career in IT.\n    Maricel's three younger sisters have moved to Manila. She pays for the rent of their small apartment, while their parents look after their family farm in Mindanao. \"It is difficult to make ends meet but I don't lose hope. I believe anything is possible if you dream, work hard and pray.\"", "id": "high22002.txt"}