{"answers": ["D", "C", "A"], "options": [["their living environment", "their aggressive character", "their way of attacking others", "their shape and color1"], ["The black widow spider can be found in most places of the United States.", "The brown recluse spider prefers dark and cool areas.", "The Brazilian wandering spider has at least three names.", "The Sydney funnel-web spider has a dark and rough body."], ["help us recognize the deadliest spiders so we can avoid them", "inform us about some information about spiders", "tell us there are only a minority of harmful spiders", "reveal some interesting facts of the deadliest spiders"]], "questions": ["The brown recluse spider and the black widow are mainly different in   _  .", "What do we know from the passage?", "This passage was written mainly to   _  ."], "article": "There are about 34,000 different known species of spiders in the world, but only a dozen of them are harmful to humans. Four of the deadliest spiders in the world are the following. These spiders should undoubtedly be avoided.\nBrown Recluse Spider\nThe brown recluse spider is native to the United States. It prefers areas that are dark and quiet. They can be found both indoors and outside. Their characteristic marking is a dark violin shape on top. The brown recluse spider is not an aggressive spider, but will inject venom into its victims if it is pressed against the skin. In children, the elderly, and those with lowered immune systems, the venom will cause serious illness or death.\nBlack Widow Spider\n  The black widow can be found in the southeastern United States. Their characteristic marking is a red hourglass   shape on their black stomach. It is not an aggressive spider. The black widow injects a neurotoxin   into its victims. The neurotoxin can interfere with nerves to muscle tissue. In children and the elderly, the neurotoxin can be fatal.\nBrazilian Wandering Spider\n  The Brazilian wandering spider has a few names such as the banana spider and the armed spider. They can be found in the regions of Central and South America where the climate is warm. These are highly aggressive spiders and are extremely dangerous. They wander around the forest floor and are commonly found in people's homes. It injects a neurotoxin which can cause death.\nSydney Funnel-Web Spider\n  The Sydney funnel-web spider resides near Sydney, Australia. They can grow to 3 inches in length and have a dark and smooth body. They are extremely aggressive and are the most poisonous spiders. They will strike repeatedly, possibly causing death by injecting a neurotoxin into their victims.\nThese four species of spiders are not all aggressive, but all can cause painful bites and serious bad reactions. Keep your eyes open because the best way to deal with these dangerous creatures is to avoid them.", "id": "high22013.txt"}