{"answers": ["A", "D", "B", "A"], "options": [["escape in it", "get to the other side of the island", "use it for food", "go around the island"], ["keeping goats for milk", "making clothes from animal skins", "working in the cornfields", "going fishing in the sea"], ["Because it was too small for a long journey.", "Because it was too heavy to get down to the sea.", "Because there was something wrong with it.", "Because the writer was busy building a second house."], ["the writer tried to make his stay comfortable on the island", "the writer had nothing to do on the wild island", "the writer tried to escape in the second canoe, but failed", "the writer was in prison on the island, losing his freedom"]], "questions": ["The purpose of making a canoe on the island was to   _  .", "To survive, the writer did the following EXCEPT   _  .", "Why didn't the writer use his first canoe?", "From the story, we can learn that   _  ."], "article": "During all this time I never stopped thinking about escape. When I traveled across to the other side of the island, I could see the other islands, and I said to myself, \"Perhaps I can get there with a boat. Perhaps I can get back to England one day.\"\n  So I decided to make myself a boat. I cut down a big tree, and then began to make a long hole in it. It was hard work, but about six months later, I had a very fine canoe  . Next, I had to get it down to the sea. How silly I was! Why didn't I think before I began work? Of course, the canoe was too heavy. I couldn't move it! I pulled and pushed and tried everything, but it didn't move. I was very unhappy for a long time after that.\n  That happened in my fourth year on the island. In my sixth year I did make myself a smaller canoe, but I did not try to escape in it. The boat was too small for a long journey, and I did not want to die at sea. The island was my home now, not my prison, and I was just happy to be alive.  A year or two later, I made myself a second canoe on the other side of the island. I also built myself a second house there, and so I had two homes.\n  My life was still busy from morning to night. There were always things to do or to make. I learnt to make new clothes for myself from the skins of dead animals. They looked very strange, it is true, but they kept me dry in the rain.\n  I kept food and tools at both my houses, and also wild goats. There were many goats on the island, and I made fields with high fences to keep them in. They learnt to take food from me, and soon I had goats' milk to drink every day. I also worked hard in my corn   fields. And so many years went by.", "id": "high22026.txt"}