{"answers": ["A", "D"], "options": [["the use of telemedicine", "the on-line doctors", "medical care and treatment", "communication improvement"], ["Patients don't need doctors in hospitals any more", "It is impossible to send a patient's signs over the telephone", "Many teams use telemedicine dealing with disasters now", "Broadband communications will become cheaper in the future"]], "questions": ["The author mainly talks about   _   .", "Which of the following statements is true according to the passage?"], "article": "Want a glance of the future health care? Take a look at the way the various network of people about patient care are being connected to one another, and how this new connectivity is being exploited to deliver medicine to the patient--no matter he or she may be.\n  Online doctors offering advice based on normal symptoms are the most obvious example. Increasingly, however, remote diagnosis  will be based on real physiological data  from the actual patient. A group from the University of Kentukey has shown that by using personal data assistance plus a mobile phone, it is perfectly practical to send a patient's important signs over the telephone. With this kind of equipment, the cry asking whether there was a doctor in the house will be a thing in the past. \n  Other medical technology groups are working on applying telemedicine to rural(countryside) care. And at least  one team wants to use telemedicine as a tool for disaster need---especially after earthquakes.\n  But there is one problem. Bandwidth  is the limiting factor for sending complex medical pictures around the world, --CT photos being one of the biggest bandwidth users. Communication satellites may be able to deal with the short-term needs during disasters such as earthquake or wars. But medicine is looking towards both the second generation Internet and third-generation mobile phones for the future of remote medical service.\n  Doctors have met to discuss computer-based tools for medical diagnosis, training and telemedicine. With the falling price of broadband communications, the new technologies should start a new time when telemedicine and the sharing of medical information, expert's opinions and diagnosis are common.", "id": "high22036.txt"}