{"answers": ["D", "C", "D"], "options": [["Basketball", "Swimming.", "Tennis.", "Horse-riding."], ["In 1984.", "In 1988.", "In 1992.", "In 2007."], ["Union is strength.", "Never too late to learn.", "Well begun is half done.", "No pains, no gains."]], "questions": ["Which of the following sports did Tanni like before thirteen?", "When did Tanni win her first Olympic gold medal?", "What can we learn from Tanni's success?"], "article": "After the Summer Olympics are over, when all the athletes have gone home and the television audience has switched off, another group of athletes and fans will arrive at the host city, and another competition will begin. These are the Paralympics, the games for athletes with a disability. But in Beijing in 2008, for the first time, one of the greatest Paralympics athletes did not take part.\nShe is a British athlete by the name of Tanni Grey-Thormpson. Born with spine hifida   which left her paralysed from the waist. Tanni used a wheelchair from the age of 7. at first, she did not like sports, apart from horse-riding, which gave her a sense of freedom. But in her teens, she started taking sports more seriously. She tried swimming, basketball and tennis. Eventually she found she began to love athletics, and never looked back.\nIndeed, Tanni's athletic career took off . In 1984, when she was 15, she pulled off a surprise victory in the 100metres at the Junior National Wheelchair Games.\nIn 1988, Tanni went to her first Paralympic Games in Seoul. She won bronze in the 400 metres. Even greater success followed at the 1992 Barcelonn. Paralympics. Tanni won gold in the 100, 200, 400 and 800 metres relay, setting two world records in the process. In the same year she achieved the first of her six London Wheelchair Marathon victories.\nTanni's success had been part motivation , part preparation, \"The training I do that enables me to be a good sprinter  enables me to be good at a marathon too. I train 50 weeks of the year and that keeps me prepared for whatever distance I want to see.... I am still competing at a very high level, but as I get older, things get harder and I want to retire before I fall apart.\"\nIndeed Tanni retired finally after the Visa Paralympic World Cup in 2007. Her wish is to coach young athletes for Beijing 2008 Olympic Games.\nIn spite of ups and downs, she never takes her fate lying down. In her splendid life, she has won an amazing eleven gold medals, four silvers and one bronze in series of Paralympics- a top level athletic career covering two decades. She has won the London Wheelchair Marathon six times, more than any other competitor, and she has set over thirty world records.\nWhat advice does she have for young athletes? \"Work hard at your studies, and then train, train and train again.\"", "id": "high2203.txt"}