{"answers": ["C", "A", "D"], "options": [["is always in trouble", "has few friends", "gets along well with here parents", "relies too much on her parents"], ["To be grateful for the small things in life.", "To be ready to help his community.", "To treat others like friends.", "To have a good family."], ["not everyone can be successful", "money is not important in one's life", "one should never ask others for help", "he can do anything as long as he tries"]], "questions": ["We can infer that Sophia   _  .", "What does Jean's uncle teach him?", "From his father, Melaku has learnt that   _  ."], "article": "Sophia Richardson: Both my parents are really important to me. My parents are really more than friends. They're the people I can open up and talk to. Talking to them is like talking to one of my friends. They've been there for me and given me good advice on a lot of my problems. \nStacey Avnes: My Jewish big sister is important to me. Her name is Lauren. We've been together for two years. My mom is a single and she is very busy. Lauren is someone who helps me deal with all this stuff because she's someone I can talk to. She's like a second mom to me and also a best friend. If I have any problem, I can call her and she'll come and pick me up and we'll go to the park and talk. \nJean Park: It's my uncle who is important to me. When I'm with him, I'm grateful for the small things--- being alive and healthy; having a good family and friends. He's also very grateful for the small things and gives back to his community.\nMelaku Shierfaw: My father is important to me. He came here from a rich family in Africa. But when he came, he didn't take any money and started fresh. He showed that he could do everything by himself without the help of others and he's successful. It shows that I can do anything as long as I try. \nKalin Scott- Wright: My great grandmother is in charge of our whole family. She was born in 1920. I know she went through a lot in her life. She was a very strong woman and she raised my mom and took her in. She had a kind spirit and loved me and my brother. She'll always be there for me although she's not alive any longer.", "id": "high22043.txt"}