{"answers": ["C", "B"], "options": [["he would retire", "he would move to Pittsburgh", "he was seriously ill", "he was tired of his present job."], ["Randy's children are still young.", "Randy is a visiting professor in Carnegie Mellon.", "Randy is probably known in Pittsburgh.", "Randy is optimistic though he is in a poor state of health."]], "questions": ["We can infer that Randy gave his last lecture because   _  .", "Which of the following is NOT right?"], "article": "This week, 46-year-old Randy Pausch said goodbye to his students at Carnegie Mellon University with the last lecture called \"How to Live Your Childhood Dreams\" on his life's journey and the lessons he's learned. In the lecture, he showed the audience how serious his illness was and admitted it was \"an elephant in the room\", but he was not that discouraged and he made jokes in his lecture. Randy is not just another story on Good Morning America or even on the local news here in Pittsburgh. He is a man I worked for, a Professor of Liam's and a friend of the family. Randy is dying of Pancreatic cancer and in his words only has \"3 to 6 months of quality life\".\nWe met Randy about 5 years ago when Liam and I went to a Building Virtual Worlds show. Liam was hooked and applied to get his master under Randy at the Entertainment and Technology Center or ETC. Randy even came to our home for Liam's graduation party and earlier that year we saw the Flying Karamazov Brothers with him and his wife Jaye. Liam got to know Randy as a professional over the course of two years as a graduate student and then as a faculty member. Randy has three children all under the age of 6. Dillon, his oldest, Ross is younger and the youngest is only 9 months old, Lily. I believe Randy is a good man for a few simple reasons. He gave my husband a future doing something he loves, and he was a kind boss, but the thing I admire most about Randy is that you always know where you stand with him. He may be blunt and harsh at times but you know he is honest. He will be greatly missed at Carnegie Mellon. I wish Jaye and the children the best that life has to offer. Please click on the above underlined link and watch his inspiring lecture. It will be worth your time.", "id": "high22055.txt"}