{"answers": ["C", "B", "C"], "options": [["Friendship is not important in our life.", "Friends have nothing to do with our health and energy.", "Friends can provide us with support.", "Relatives can not become friends."], ["you can't call your friend by his name", "friends should understand each other", "there should be no secret between friends", "friends don't need support and encouragement"], ["To tell us about the importance of making friends.", "To tell us about the advantages and disadvantages of friendship.", "To introduce the steps for making friends.", "To tell us that friends are hard to make."]], "questions": ["What can we learn about friends and friendship?", "We can infer from the passage that   _  .", "What is the main purpose of the writer?"], "article": "Friendship continues to remain central to our lives. Friends often affect our health and energy. More and more people are increasingly turning towards their friends for support and sharing rather than just communicating with their  s. We may have a very unclear understanding of what makes a friend but we all want to have a good number of friends around us. There are certain things you do to help you make friends or at least help you get close to people whom you want to make friends with.\n    The first step to make friends with people is to make them like you. If they don't like you in the first place, it is unlikely that they'll be eager to become your friends. To let someone know that you are interested in him, simple  _ s like a little smile and calling him by his name can help. To make the other person feel important, you need to be a good listener and to encourage him to talk. Give your honest and sincere opinion, but do not make fun of him.\n    The second step is to develop trust in each other. You need to share opinions with this person and it is necessary for you to develop a habit of seeing things from his point of view. To become the best of friends, you must show concern and consideration for your friends' desires and opinions.\nThe third and final step is to show your support and encouragement towards your friend. Moreover, you also need to be very clear about your expectations from your friend. If what you expect from the person you want to be a friend matches with what that person can and wants to do in friendship, the developing friendship between you and your friend is sure to be easy and successful.", "id": "high22057.txt"}