{"answers": ["B", "A", "A", "C"], "options": [["blood flow in the brains of blind people is slower", "blind people have a better sense of sound", "the sense of touch is better among blind people", "blind children can regain their sight"], ["to identify the direction the sound came from", "to take down the time each sound lasted", "to tell the difference between 16 sounds", "to count the number of the loudspeakers."], ["find out which parts of the brain were functioning", "look for the way of enhancing hearing ability", "learn about the way they react to echoes", "expose the relationship between seeing and touching"], ["Most blind people have a well-developed sense of touch", "People go blind because of the breakdown of their visual cortex", "Human brains can adjust themselves after the loss of a certain function", "Most blind people have a better sense of sound than normal people"]], "questions": ["The purpose of the experiment described in the passage is to find whether   _  .", "The participants of the experiment were asked   _  .", "During the experiment, blood flow in the brains of the participants was measured in order to   _  .", "Which of the following statements is the main idea of the passage?"], "article": "In some children who go blind, certain parts of the brain that normally control vision appear to switch jobs and focus instead on sound, a new study has found. \nThe study, by researchers at the University of Montreal, involved 7 adults who could see and 12 adults who had lost their vision when they were children. Each participant sat in a room with 16 loudspeakers at different locations. The room was designed so that there were no echoes  During the experiment, the speakers irregularly produced sounds. Participants had to point to where the sounds were coming from. Meanwhile, the researchers monitored blood flow in the brains of the participants to see which brain structures were working during the task. \nThe results showed that five of the blind participants were very good at pointing to where sounds were coming from. In these people, blood flow increased in the visual cortex --- an area at the back of the right side of the brain. This part of the brain is usually associated with vision. \nThe other seven blind participants showed no increase in activity in the visual cortex. These people didn't do very well at picking out where sounds were coming from. Now, the researchers are looking at whether these people have gained an enhanced  sense of touch instead of sound to replace their lost vision. \nThe scientists say that their study shows how adaptable parts of the brain can be.", "id": "high22075.txt"}