{"answers": ["C", "A", "B", "C"], "options": [["By selling its intellectual property.", "By doing what it is good at.", "By releasing the free source-code.", "By severe competition with Microsoft."], ["It can bring about self-created competition.", "It can defeat Microsoft's ambitions in this market.", "It can use the improved software.", "It can get royalty fees from some firms."], ["Microsoft fails to control the software market.", "Software market is becoming a mixed market.", "Real Networks wants to make more money.", "Software market is not fixed and stable."], ["Netscape had a sheer failure for its publishing the source-code.", "Real Networks wants to occupy the source-code market.", "Real Networks wants to make profits by releasing the free source-code.", "Microsoft has to change its managing strategy."]], "questions": ["What is the Real Networks' new way of stopping Microsoft?", "Which of the following can be a disadvantage of releasing the source-code?", "What does the move of Real Networks suggest?", "Which of the following is true according to the text?"], "article": "Focus on what you do best. This age-old strategy has worked well for Real Networks, Microsoft's main competitor in multimedia software for the Internet. Now, the smaller Seattle-based firm is trying a novel way to contain the software giant. On October 29th, it released the underlying recipe, or source-code, of its RealPlayer software and will soon do the same for its other programs--giving away a big chunk of its intellectual property .\nThis may sound like a desperate echo of 1998, when Netscape, struggling in Microsoft's chokehold, published the source-code of its web browser. Yet Real Networks is not playing defence. It is trying to encourage the creation of a common multimedia software infrastructure for every kind of file format and device, thus thwarting  Microsoft's ambitions in this promising market.\nThe firm hopes that others in the industry (volunteer programmers, media firms and hardware makers) will take the code, called Helix DNA, improve it and make it run on new devices, such as mobile phones and home stereos, turning Real Networks' software into an industry standard. Clever licensing terms are supposed to ensure that this standard does not splinter and  that the firm still makes money.\nIndividual developers, universities and other non-profit organisations can modify the software as they please, and even redistribute it for free, so long as they also publish the source-code for their changes. This is a sort of payment in kind, for Real Networks is then allowed to use these contributions. Firms, on the other hand, must pay royalty fees if they distribute more than 1m copies of the code. They also have to make sure that their software works with other Helix DNA products. The software's development community already has 2,000 members. And several hardware makers back the effort. But there are risks. Afraid of piracy, media groups are suspicious of anything that might be related to hackers. The self-created competition could also hurt Real Networks if customers decide its commercial products, which will be based on the open source-code but with extra features, are not worth paying extra for.\nReal Networks' move is another sign that the software industry is going hybrid. Mixing elements of proprietary software, where the source-code is tightly controlled, with open-source programs enables firms to expand a market, harvest the ideas of others and, they hope, still make money. Even Microsoft is edging this way: it recently announced that partners can now look at--but not modify or re-use--the source-code for Passport, its controversial digital-identity service.", "id": "high22081.txt"}