{"answers": ["D", "B", "C", "A"], "options": [["brothers and sisters will have to get away from their home", "no competition will be made by brothers and sisters", "no one can stop brothers and sisters arguing all day long", "brothers and sisters don't get along well with each other"], ["It makes the family life unhappy.", "It can help children improve their work.", "It can lead to arguments and fighting.", "It does harm to each of them."], ["Strange.", "Unbelievable.", "Normal.", "Unfair."], ["talk to his parents", "work even harder", "fight with his brothers and sisters", "pay attention to his behavior"]], "questions": ["When sibling rivalry happens, it proves a fact that  _  .", "What does the author think of a little competition between brothers and sisters?", "What does the author think of a little jealousy between brothers and sisters?", "If a kid feels ignored in the family, the author suggests that he should  _  ."], "article": "In a house with more than one kid, there are bound  to be some problems. Brothers and sisters borrow stuff, and don't always return it in top condition. Younger kids sometimes feel the older kids get to do whatever they want. Older brothers and sisters think that the baby of the family gets more attention. These are typical problems found throughout the ages, everywhere in the world.\nWhen brothers and sisters don't get along well, it's called sibling rivalry. A sibling is a brother or sister and rivalry means competition. It's normal, but too much competition can make for an unhappy home life.\nA little competition isn't a bad thing. Sometimes it can keep you working hard--when you and your brother spend time shooting hoops. If he's good at it, it may make you want to improve, too. But some sibling rivalry involves arguments--when you think your brother is hogging  the ball. People who love each other might argue sometimes, but too much fighting is unpleasant for everyone.\n  Have you ever heard of the green-eyed monster called jealousy ? Sometimes brothers and sisters are jealous of one another. For instance, if your sister always does well at school, it may be frustrating for you, especially if your grades are lower. Although you are probably proud of your brothers and sisters, it's normal to be a little jealous, too. It may make you feel better to focus more on doing your own personal things, rather than comparing yourself with a brother or sister. \n   All kids want attention from their parents, but sometimes you need to take turns. It you are feeling ignored  or your brother or sister is always in the spotlight, talk to your mom or dad. If a parent knows you're feeling left out, he or she can figure out ways to help you feel better again.", "id": "high22099.txt"}