{"answers": ["A", "D", "A"], "options": [["one sells something while the other doesn't", "one is making profits while the other isn't", "one was opened 10 years earlier than the other", "one operates online but the other doesn't"], ["Amazon.com has been making profits for ten years", "traditional bookstores are wondering at their futures", "Wal-Mart is among the largest online stores", "online shopping tends to be larger and easier"], ["an economics report", "an entertainment report", "a political report", "a cultural report"]], "questions": ["Amazon.com and eBay are different in that   _  .", "We can infer from the passage that  _  .", "The passage is most likely to be   _  ."], "article": "On July 16th 1995, a new bookstore opened in the American city of Seattle. No one steps inside to buy anything. Yet, the store, if you could call it that, had sales last year of 7000 million dollars. Ten years ago, few people bought things over the Internet. Few thought it was safe. Amazon.com changed many people's minds. \n  Ten years later, an estimated  seven out of ten American adults have used a computer to buy something. Market researchers at ComScore Networks estimate online spending last year at 117,000 million dollars. That was for goods and travel services. The person who started Amazon, Jeff Bezos remains its leader. In the 1990s, he urged employees to help Amazon get big fast. Yet, Amazon invested in many similar businesses that failed. Amazon lost plenty of money. It did not make a profit until 2003. Its most recent profit and earnings report released last week was better than many market watchers had expected.\n  Today people can buy not just books and music but also many other products through Amazon. It competes with eBay, which celebrates its 10th birthday in September. eBay calls itself \"the world's online marketplace\". It does not sell anything. Instead, it provides a way for others to sell goods and services. People who want to buy something make competing offers through online auctions. eBay has grown to include several other businesses. These include Paypal, a company that processes online payments.\nAs online sellers grew, traditional stores saw the future. Today, stores from the smallest to the biggest sell on the Internet. These include the biggest of all, Wal-Mart.", "id": "high22095.txt"}