{"answers": ["A", "C", "A", "D", "C"], "options": [["its power source", "its driving system", "its monitoring system", "its seating capacity"], ["How to render automobiles pollution-free.", "How to make smaller and safer automobiles.", "How to solve the problem of traffic jams.", "How to develop an automated subway system."], ["A rail.", "An engine.", "A retractable arm.", "A computer controller."], ["keep in the right lane", "wait to arrive at his destination", "keep in constant touch with the computer center", "inform the system of his destination by phone"], ["Enthusiastic.", "Pessimistic.", "Optimistic.", "Cautious."]], "questions": ["One significant improvement in the future car will probably be   _  .", "What is the author's main concern?", "What provides autos with electric power in an automated highway system?", "In an automated highway system, all the driver needs to do is   _  .", "What is the author's attitude toward the future of autos?"], "article": "Some pessimistic experts feel that the automobile is bound to fall into disuse. They see a day in the not-too-distant future when all autos will be abandoned and allowed to rust. Other authorities, however, think the auto is here to stay. They hold that the car will remain a leading means of urban travel in the foreseeable future.\n    The motorcar will undoubtedly change significantly over the next 30 years. It should become smaller, safer, and more economical, and should not be powered by the gasoline engine. The car of the future should be far more pollution-free than present types.\n    Regardless of its power source, the auto in the future will still be the main problem in urban traffic congestion (  ). One proposed solution to this problem is the automated highway system.\n    When the auto enters the highway system, a retractable (  ) arm will drop from the auto and make contact with a rail, which is similar to those powering subway trains electrically. Once attached to the rail, the car will become electrically powered from the system, and control of the vehicle will pass to a central computer. The computer will then monitor all of the car 's movements.\n    The driver will use a telephone to dial instructions about his destination into the system. The computer will calculate the best route, and reserve space for the car all the way to the correct exit from the highway. The driver will then be free to relax and wait for the buzzer (  ) that will warn him of his coming exit. It is estimated that an automated highway will be able to handle 10,000 vehicles per hour, compared with the 1,500 to 2,000 vehicles that can be carried by a present-day highway.", "id": "high22092.txt"}