{"answers": ["D", "C", "D"], "options": [["not important to most people", "sometimes the only comfort to sick people", "a matter of life and death to the rich", "always a hot topic in people's lives"], ["They hold a different view from the poor on the subject of money.", "They rank money as the only important thing in life.", "They give their view on policy to world leaders.", "They fear poor health more than anything else."], ["Money is of vital importance to most people.", "Health is more important than money.", "People often debate the importance of money in life.", "Money does not guarantee a longer life but it ensures a happy one."]], "questions": ["According to the text, money is   _  .", "What do we know about business tycoons?", "Which of the following may the author most probably NOT agree with?"], "article": "Hardly a day goes by without the subject of money being raised in most people's lives. However, it is highly debatable   whether money is more important than other things, such as health and happiness, which some people consider to be of greater significance.\n  To begin with, it is often argued that having money enables people to exert their influence over others. Wealthy businessmen, for example, are often the most highly respected members of society, and business tycoons   are often referred to by world leaders, who then make policies that affect the whole population. As a result, money can be seen as the single most important factor in everyday life.\n  Secondly, from the point of view of the individual, money is vital for survival. Western society is structured in such a way that, without money, people cannot get proper nutrition and health care. Furthermore, in some cases, the inability to pay heating bills can indeed become a matter of life and death.\n  On the other hand, many people say that one of the factors in life, which is undoubtedly of greater importance than money, is health. As Izaak Walton said, health is, \"a blessing that money cannot buy\". What is more, money is sometimes of little comfort to those who are suffering from health problems. Despite the fact that money can buy the best medical care available, it is not a guarantee of a longer life.\n  In addition, most people would agree that personal happiness easily outweighs money in importance. Even if an individual is extremely rich, this does not necessarily lead to happiness. In some cases, the contrary is true, and vast wealth brings a whole range of problems. Genuine happiness cannot be bought and it is usually independent of financial status.\n  On the whole, although there are those who would rank money as the single most important thing in life, we, the vast majority, would disagree.", "id": "high22105.txt"}