{"answers": ["C", "D", "B", "A"], "options": [["To introduce how he taught an old man to fish", "To show how he behaved to an old man", "To persuade people to care for old men", "To advise people to go fishing with old men"], ["Because he had invited others.", "Because he didn't know how to fish.", "Because he had to take care of his kids.", "Because he didn't want to take the trouble"], ["became quite angry after listening to the words of his boss's son", "decided to drive home for fishing tools and take the old man fishing", "needed to go and buy a big bobber and some worms he needed", "had got to head home to deal with some urgent situations"], ["Responsible and kind", "Clever and brave", "Warm-hearted but poor", "Hardworking and lonely"]], "questions": ["What is the purpose of writing this story?", "Why did the grandson refuse the old man's request?", "The author stopped his work immediately because he   _  .", "Which words can describe the author most properly from the story?"], "article": "Years ago, I worked for a trucking company as a driver. It was my habit to go to company on Saturday and spend a couple hours maintaining my truck. As I was under the truck, I noticed the owner's elderly father making his way over to his grandson's truck next to mine.\n    The old man asked the kid to take him fishing. But the grandson told him all about how much he'd love to, but he couldn't due to the prior promises. The old man then walked away. Some minutes later, the father came out and asked his son what the old man had wanted. After telling the story, the kid ended it with saying, \"I'm not taking that old man fishing. It's worse than taking a kid.\"  \n    That just broke my heart.\n    I quit working immediately and headed home. I loaded up something like a lawn chair, a pole , and headed back to the yard. On the way I bought a big bobber  and some worms. When I got there, I knocked on the door and invited him fishing. If I was like taking a kid fishing, I had determined to take him where I'd take a kid.\n    When we got there I put him in the lawn chair beside the water, baited and cast the line, and handed him the pole. Soon that big old bobber started to dance; he set the hook, drew the fish in skillfully. And handed the pole to me. I unhooked the fish, re-baited and cast, and again handed it to him. This went on for about half an hour at which point he informed me he was tired and needed to go home. Then I got home. When I got him home I gave the fish to his daughter-in-law with instructions to make sure he got them for dinner and then left.\n    Two weeks later, the old man died. His family told me later all he talked about during that time was his fishing trip. While I get the satisfaction of knowing I took an old man on his last fishing trip, his family has to live with the knowledge that a stranger took their grandpa on his last fishing trip.\n    Whenever you get the chance, don't forget about taking grandpa fishing, you may be in the same place and you'll want your family to care about you too.", "id": "high22102.txt"}