{"answers": ["D", "C", "B"], "options": [["She was late for work.", "She was caught in the rain.", "She met Nicky Jonathan.", "She got the flu."], ["prove that Nicky was very healthy", "explain that Nicky was very kind", "show that Nicky was very capable", "point out that Nicky was patient with the staff"], ["it was winter when the author met Nicky", "Nicky may have given the author many useful suggestions", "when talking, Nicky liked listening rather than speaking", "Nicky was not respected by all the employees in the office"]], "questions": ["What did NOT happen to the author on her first day at work?", "The author mentioned the occasion when almost all the staff were ill to   _  .", "It can be inferred from the text that   _  ."], "article": "On my first day of work at Moro Assurance, I arrived nervously, totally wet and nearly half an hour late. I had forgotten to take an umbrella, had missed the bus and was mow ready for a good scolding  . It was then that I met Nicky Jonathan, the Managing Director.\n  She was a small, birdlike woman. Her appearance gave others the impression of a nervous, easily-flustered   person. I soon learnt, however, that her true character was calm, warm and kind, yet very professional. After reminding me that lateness would not be tolerated   in the office, she laughingly admitted to me that she had been over an hour late in her first morning because she had lost her way, which was typical of her. After a wet, awful morning, this kind office manager led me to my seat; yet her kindness and super ability didn't stop surprising me there.\n  During the years I worked with her, my admiration for Nicky steadily increased. Her ability to deal with several matters at once seemed almost miraculous  . I remembered one occasion when nearly everyone in the office had gone down with the flu, yet Nicky managed to keep the office running smoothly without seeming stressed. The most striking thing about Nicky was her understanding towards others.  _ If she sensed that something was wrong, she would call you into her office and encourage you to talk. Not only was she a good listener, but the advice she offered was always sound as well.\n  All in all, Nicky is the most admirable person I've ever mer. I will always remember her as the \"guiding light\" in my working life.", "id": "high22104.txt"}