{"answers": ["B", "B", "D"], "options": [["To make an income  from selling clocks.", "To put one's whole life on a schedule .", "To behave according to the rules of books.", "To work very quickly in order to finish a job before a certain time."], ["Chuck Noland goes home to spend his holidays.", "All the passengers but Chuck Noland survive the air crash.", "While living on the island, Chuck Noland greatly changes his view of life.", "The part of Chuck Noland requires Tom Hanks less weighty."], ["he had no one to talk to", "he felt he was too weighty, so he had to", "he was alone on an island", "he ate little and exercised a lot"]], "questions": ["What do you think the expression \"live by the clock\" in the text mean?", "Which of the followings is not true according to the passage?", "How did Tom Hanks lose so much weight? Because  _  ."], "article": "Tom Hanks ranks as one of Hollywood's most popular actors. Moviegoers eagerly anticipate in the opening of his new pictures. If you're a Hank fan, you don't have to wait much longer. Hank's newest film, Cast Away, opens this winter.\n    Tom Hanks plays Chunk Noland, a FedEx executive who lives by the clock. He carefully plans every minute of both his professional  and personal time. But on his way home for the holidays, the small plane he's in crashes in the Pacific Ocean. Only Noland survives. He ends up alone on a tropical island and begins a battle for survival. In the process, his view of success and life itself change dramatically .\nThis role may be the most physically-challenging of Hank's career. The actor lost 53 pounds for the part. Director Robert Zemeckis shot the first section of the film with Hanks weighing more than 225 pounds. The filming took a break  for a year while Hanks lost weight. To take off the pounds, Hanks ate little and exercised a lot.\nThe movie may surprise some of Hank's fans. It's not an upbeat comedy like Sleepless in Seattle or You're Got Mail. In fact, Hanks spends a large part of the movie not speaking. After all, who is there to talk to when you're alone on an island?", "id": "high22134.txt"}