{"answers": ["D", "A", "D"], "options": [["people can become good at speaking and listening", "people will become the centre of attention", "people will become more confident in themselves", "people may appear more trustworthy and cooperative"], ["humour can draw people closer together", "they are afraid of their weaknesses being discovered", "humour can make them feel equal with others", "they are more self-confident than others"], ["a sense of humour can change one's personality", "a person who has a sense of humour is helpful", "a person who lacks a sense of humour easily trusts others", "humour improves our ability to communicate"]], "questions": ["With a sense of humour,   _  .", "Successful individuals often use self-depreciating humour to humble themselves, because they think   _  .", "From the passage we can learn that   _  ."], "article": "What would we do without humour? How would we enjoy speaking with others if we did not use humour to invite a smile or a laugh? And how would we manage in times when we feel sad and lonely?\n    Using humour we lighten up each day, and we find common ground with others. We build healthy relationships with others by knowing what to say and what to do. When our use of humour is successful, we build trust and cooperation. We discover that we are not alone, we learn to accept our mistakes, and we look for the good in others and in ourselves. Most importantly, we create common ground, as humour is an essential skill needed to communicate well with others. A few well-chosen words get the attention of others and make a serious point without their getting defensive  . Whether we prefer to be the centre of attention or to be shy and quiet, humour can be adjusted   to suit our personality. \n    However, when we lose our sense of humour, we often get critical or defensive, and we blame others or ourselves for what was said, and how it was said. \n    To ensure that our humour is welcomed by others, we need to combine our humour with speaking clearly and listening effectively.\n    Have you ever noticed that successful individuals often use self-depreciating humour to humble   themselves, without putting themselves down? These individuals understand that every person has strengths and weaknesses and that self-depreciating humour invites others to feel more confident and equal. In this way, humour is the shortest distance between two people. \n    Humour is the spice of life, as it brings happiness, numbs pain and it makes us speak and listen well.", "id": "high22133.txt"}