{"answers": ["C", "D", "B", "D"], "options": [["find some money", "find some gold", "find the owner's name", "find the owner's photograph"], ["he had met her somewhere before", "she was the old woman in the photograph", "she often had dinner with his aunt and uncle", "she looked like the young girl in the photograph"], ["at the beginning of the dinner", "during the conversation", "as soon as she saw the writer", "after the dinner"], ["the woman knew the writer and his uncle.", "the finder and the loser of the wallet met at the police station.", "the finder and the loser of the wallet met at the police station.", "the writer found both the wallet and its owner"]], "questions": ["The writer opened the wallet because he wanted to   _   in it.", "The writer recognized the young woman because  _  .", "The young woman told of her loss of the wallet  _  .", "The story was an amazing coincidence  because  _  ."], "article": "When I was walking down the street the other day, I happened to notice a small brown leather wallet, lying on the sidewalk. I picked it up and opened it to see if I could find out the owner's name. There was nothing inside it except some change and an old photograph---- a picture of a woman and a young girl about twelve years old, who looked like the woman' s daughter. I put the photograph back and took the wallet to the police station, where I handed it to the desk sergeant . Before I left, the sergeant took down my name and address in case the owner might want to write and thank me.\n   That evening I went to have dinner with my aunt and uncle. They had also invited a young woman so that there would be four people at the table. Her face was familiar. I was quite sure that we had not met before, but I could not remember where I had seen her. In the course of conversation, however, the young woman happened to mention that she had lost her wallet that afternoon. All at once I realized where I had seen her. She was the young girl in the photograph, although she was now much older. She was very surprised, of course, when I was able to describe her wallet to her. Then I explained that I had recognized her from the photograph I had found in the wallet. My uncle insisted  on going to the police station immediately to claim  the wallet. As the police sergeant handed it over, he said that it was an amazing coincidence that I had not only found the wallet, but also the person who had lost it.", "id": "high22142.txt"}