{"answers": ["C", "B", "C", "D"], "options": [["The new shop is very big and special.", "She wants to get best discounts from the new shop.", "She is too old to go to the market as before.", "The goods in the new shop are very cheap."], ["She thought it was convenient.", "She doubted the quality of online goods.", "She thought online goods were cheap.", "She thought online goods were second-hand."], ["change her way of life", "make her happy in late life", "make her believe in online shopping", "give her a surprise on Mother's Day"], ["the author's mother likes going shopping alone", "the Timex watch and the Sisley handbag are poor quality", "the author's mother is fond of chatting online now", "the author's mother was satisfied with the gift basket"]], "questions": ["Why did the author decide to introduce a new shop to his mother?", "What was the author's mother's attitude to online shopping at first?", "The author bought his mother some branded things to   _  .", "We can learn form this passage that   _  ."], "article": "My mother once was a follower of traditional methods when it came to anything. She cooked traditional food, liked dressing up traditionally and thus was fond of traditional way of shopping. She loved going to the market and going from one shop to another to find out what suited her best. She could walk miles when it came to shopping along with her friends. She was familiar with all the local markets and shops and by now knows very well where she can get best discounts and material.\n  However, now she begins to feel her age and gets tired when she goes out in the market. So one day I decided to introduce a new shop to her, a shop that is much bigger than her usual markets and where she gets better discounts. Yes, I am talking about the online gift stores. She has basic knowledge of computers and can operate a laptop. Initially  she was doubtful about shopping from these online gift shops and wasn't too sure about the quality of the products.\n  One fine day I decided to get some branded things for her first so that she could build trust in these shops. I ordered a Timex watch for her along with a Sisley handbag. She never bought things online but when they were delivered as a gift, she jumped for joy. She could not believe that I had ordered these gifts for her despite her being not very positive about online shops. However, after she saw both the products, she believed that these online gift shops would send the promised brand and products. She loved her new watch and the handbag.\n   After this incident she ordered a gift for her friend's wedding anniversary. She chose a gift basket that could be made to her requirements. They sent a beautifully decorated basket with fine wines and chocolates. The basket was so carefully decorated that it immediately became her friend's favorite gift. Since then my mother has been often shopping online.", "id": "high22150.txt"}