{"answers": ["C", "A", "C"], "options": [["older people can't make muscles any more", "eating fast will help make more muscles", "young people make muscles more quickly when eating", "older people are not able to stop muscles breakdown"], ["It can help cut down the ageing of our muscles.", "It can make enough muscles with the protein from food.", "It can break down protein in food when we have meals.", "It can help us make more muscles by eating more food."], ["Older people have fewer muscles than the young.", "The more insulin we have, the stronger our muscles are.", "The insulin in older people's muscles could not stop muscles breakdown.", "There is less blood in older people's body."]], "questions": ["The researchers seemed to believe that   _  .", "According to the passage, what is the function of insulin?", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?"], "article": "Have you ever noticed that people have thinner arms and legs as they get older? As we age it becomes harder to keep our muscles healthy. They get smaller, which reduces strength and increases the possibility of falls and fractures  . New research is showing how this happens and what to do about it.\nA team of Nottingham researchers has already shown that when older people eat, they cannot make muscle as fast as the young. Now they've found that the ability to prevent muscle breakdown is reduced with age.\nWhen older people eat, they don't build enough muscle with the protein in food; also, the insulin   fails to shut down the muscle breakdown that rises between meals and overnight. Normally, in young people, insulin acts to slow muscle breakdown.\nThe research just published compared one group of people in their late 60s to a group of 25-year-olds, with equal numbers of men and women. \"We studied our subjects first -- before breakfast -- and then after giving them a small amount of insulin to raise the hormone  to what they would be if they had eaten breakfast,\" Professor Rennie said.\n\" The results were clear. The younger people's muscles were able to use insulin we gave to stop the muscle breakdown, which had increased during the night. The muscles in the older people could not. In the course of our tests, we also noticed that the blood flow in the leg was greater in the younger people than the older ones,\" added Professor Rennie. \nHowever, scientists think that weight training may reactivate muscle blood flow and help retain   muscles for older people. \"In fact, doing exercise three times a week over 20 weeks reactivates the leg blood flow responses of older people. They became identical to those in the young,\" said Professor Rennie.", "id": "high22165.txt"}