{"answers": ["D", "D", "A", "B"], "options": [["Rumplestiltskin is too long.", "Rumplestiltskin is too difficult.", "Rumplestiltskin forgives stealing.", "Rumplestiltskin may have bad influence on children."], ["a fairy tale book", "a movie for children", "a play loved by children", "a drama based on traditional fairy tales"], ["A moral always exists in a classic fairy tale.", "All fairy tales are dark.", "Adults take fairy tales too seriously.", "All fairy tales are good for children's sleep."], ["Optimistic.", "Not mentioned.", "Casual.", "Disapproving."]], "questions": ["Why don't some parents want to read Rumplestiltskin to their kids?", "We can learn from Para. 3 that GRIMM is   _  .", "Which of the following may Steve Hornsey agree to?", "What's the author's attitude towards traditional fairy tales?"], "article": "Traditional fairy tales are being abandoned by parents because they are too scary for their young children, a study has found. \nA research has discovered one in five parents has given up old classics such as Snow Whiteandthe Seven Dwarves and Rapunzelin favour of more modern books. One third of parents say their children have been left in tears after hearing the horrible details ofLittle Red Riding Hood. And nearly half of mothers and fathers refuse to readRumplestiltskinto their kids as the themes of the story are kidnapping and killing. Similarly,Goldilocks and the Three Bearsis also a tale likely to be left on the book shelf as parents feel it forgives stealing.\nThe survey of 2,000 adults was completed to mark the launch of the hit US drama GRIMM, which starts tonight at 9 p.m. on Watch, and sees six drama series based on traditional fairy tales. The survey has found a quarter of parents polled will not consider reading a fairy tale to their children until they have reached the age of five, as they have to face too many awkward questions from their children.\nSteve Hornsey, General Manager, Watch, said, \"Bedtime stories are supposed to  _ children and send them off to sleep soundly. But as we see inGRIMM, some fairy tales can be dark and dramatic tales so it' s understandable that parents worry about reading them to young children. As adults, we can see the innocence in fairy tales, but a five-year-old child would take them too seriously. Despite the dark nature of some classic fairy tales, as we see inGRIMM, good will defeat evil and there is always a moral to the story.\"\nThe study also shows two thirds of mums and dads try to avoid stories which might give their children nightmares. However, half of parents think traditional tales are more likely to have a strong moral message than a lot of modern kids' books, such as The Gruffalo, The Hungary Caterpillarand theMr. Menbooks.", "id": "high22187.txt"}