{"answers": ["B", "D", "A"], "options": [["Coke mainly depends on new products recently", "Nowadays Coke is comparatively less popular", "PepsiCo has taken the place of Coke", "Coke has few new brands"], ["Vault.", "Surge.", "Coke-Cola Blake.", "Frappucino."], ["Troubles in Coke Company", "The Importance of New Advertisements", "Varieties of New Products", "The Relationship between Coke and Pepsi"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, we can know that   _  .", "When the middle-aged people feel tired, what would they prefer to drink in order to continue their work?", "What is the best title of the passage ?"], "article": "\"We don't necessarily believe that new advertising, which might make consumers feel better about the Coke brand or better about the ads themselves , will actually result in consumers consuming more of the product,\" Morgan Stanley's Bill Pecoriello wrote in a research note the days after the investor   meeting . But Coke is optimistic it can regain its old magic, and is banking on a new slogan: \"Welcome to the Coke side of life.\"\nBREAK THROUGH HIT? \nWith PepsiCo about to surpass  Coke as the beverage king on Wall Street--Pepsi's market capitalization has  _ in recent years to $97.9 billion, putting it less than a billion dollars behind its rival--the heat is on Coke . It's set to launch a new marketing campaign in March, 2006. And having taken a quick look at Coke's investor presentation on Dec. 7 in New York, my sense is that Coke may be moving in the right direction .\nGiven the continued shift by consumers away from soda--Coke's stronghold --and into alternative beverages like juice, tea, and water, Coke badly needs a breakthrough hit. And given that shift away from soda, some analyists wonder whether even the catchiest new ads will be enough to put the fizz back into Coke.\nSAME OLD, UPDATED?\n    The new flavors of PowerAde sports drink will probably enable Coke to continue stealing market share from PepsiCo's Gatorade brand. And Coke is getting a little more creative with packaging, including new, aluminum bottles of Coke that will be sold in nightclubs, and an 8.4-ounce \"100 calorie\" version of its flagship Coke that will appeal to women who want fewer calories and will like the fact that the small can will fit in their purse. I doubt whether other new products will be successful, including a new coffee-flavored soda called Coke-Cola Black that I tried. Think carbonated coffee. But I'm not sure if the product, which Coke is pitching as an afternoon pick-me-up for the 35-and-over set, is going to pull people away from their afternoon Frappucino fix. And my opinion is that Vault, an orange-flavored energy drink, will have just as much trouble unseating Mountain Dew among teens as did Coke's last attempt, a product called Surge.\nIf there is one concern I have about the fresh offerings Coke plans to launch this year, it appears that many of them are simply new brands, not new products.", "id": "high22199.txt"}