{"answers": ["D", "D", "A"], "options": [["The Classical Chinese Drama", "Chinese Drama and Western Plays", "The Forms of Chinese Drama", "Chinese Drama"], ["It is constantly full of a feeling of pity and sympathy.", "It avoids tragedy just like the Sanskrit drama.", "It existed almost in every village for the popular audience.", "All of the above."], ["the Beijing opera has been the most popular theatre for almost 200 years in China", "Chinese drama developed faster than the western plays after the First World War", "In Chinese drama, a flag is used to represent an army.", "Chinese drama is not thought of as a serious art of form traditionally in the west"]], "questions": ["What is the best title for the passage?", "According to the passage, which of the following about Chinese drama is TRUE?", "From the passage, we can infer that   _  ."], "article": "The classical Chinese theatre developed during the Yuan Dynasty (1206-1368). Plots of Yuan plays came from story cycles made familiar by storytellers. During the Ming Dynasty (1368-1644), the drama used the plots of popular novels. Until the 19th century, Chinese drama was not spoken; it was a mixture of music and declamation  . Like the Sanskrit   drama, Chinese drama avoids tragedy as that term is understood in the West. However, it is frequently filled with a feeling of pity and sympathy, often involving the deaths of women. Chinese drama is more social and less concerned with romantic love than the Sanskrit. One's family and country are frequently regarded as more important than the individual.\nIn contrast to the Sanskrit drama, Chinese drama was written for the popular audience, and dramatic performances took place in every village. There are many Chinese plays in existence. Among the  _ of them areThe Injustice Suffered by Dou Eby Guan Hanqing,The Western Chamber by Wang Shifu,The Peony Pavilionby Tang Xianzu, andThe Palace of Eternal Youthby Hong Sheng.\nIn the West, Chinese drama has traditionally been regarded as an entertainment rather than a serious art form. One of the reasons for this judgment is the formlessness of Chinese plays. For example, Hong Sheng's The Palace of Eternal Youth, a play in 49 scenes doesn't have any act divisions. In Chinese drama, no attempt is made at realism. The scenery is symbolic. For instance, a flag represents an army and characters at times directly address the audience. Since the early 19th century, the Beijing opera has been the leading force in the Chinese theatre. After World War I, a realistic, spoken drama, patterned after Western plays, developed.", "id": "high22196.txt"}