{"answers": ["D", "C"], "options": [["The writer moved to Venezuela in North America when he was 19", "The writer lived in Japan for eight years alone", "The writer doesn't have any problems in his family at all", "The writer enjoys spending time with his family"], ["He is too kind as a father.", "He is not a responsible employee.", "He is a good husband and father.", "He is too mean to his boss"]], "questions": ["After reading the passage, we know that_.", "What do you think of the writer?"], "article": "My name's Randall Davis, and I'm originally from the state of Indiana in the United States. When I was 19 years old, I moved to Venezuela in South America, and later returned to the United States, where I attended Brigham Young University in the 1980s. I majored in Spanish education and TESOL. After graduating from college, my wife and I moved to Japan where we lived for eight years. Now, I work back in Utah in the United States.\n    However, my greatest interest is my family. Years ago, I wanted to make something of myself in my profession to get ahead in life. But I realized that the most important things in life lived within the walls of my own home. Today, I try to put them first. My kids wouldn't remember me for the work I did outside of the home. They would only recall the moments we spent together.\n    Therefore, I enjoy spending time with my family. I have four children, and we go hiking and camping together. On our hikes, we often talk about life, and I tell stories or share personal experiences. When I do this, I can focus on the kids without the distractions of video games or the Internet. Telling stories sounds easy, but when you have to think of a new story on a hot, 12-kilometer hike through the desert, you always come up with ideas off the top of your head.\n    However, this does not mean we do not have problems. All families face challenges in their lives, and our family is no exception. But we try to talk openly about our problems, and we try to solve our problems together.  _", "id": "high22204.txt"}