{"answers": ["C", "B"], "options": [["provides chance for them to express their own idea.", "they are skilled at or do well in.", "is easy for them to do with little or no thought.", "can help them develop good relationship with others."], ["Students are willing to study.", "Every student has become a friend to one other even teachers.", "Even if they have difficulty with their work, they stick to working.", "When they succeed in their work, they will enjoy it."]], "questions": ["The engaging work loved by both teachers and students does NOT include the work which   _  .", "According to the work of Phil Schlecty, which characteristic is NOT shown by students who are engaged?"], "article": "Students who are engaged in their work are energized by four goals--success, curiosity, originality, and satisfying relationships. How do we cultivate these drives in the classroom?\n   Ten years ago, we began a research project by asking both teachers and students two simple questions: What kind of work do you find totally engaging? and What kind of work do you hate to do? Almost immediately, we noticed distinct patterns in their responses. \n   Engaging work, respondents said, was work that stimulated their curiosity, permitted them to express their creativity, and fostered  positive relationships with others. It was also work at which they were good. As for activities they hated, both teachers and students cited work that was repetitive, that required little or no thought, and that was forced on them by others. \n   How, then, would we define engagement? Perhaps the best definition comes from the work of Phil Schlecty (1994), who says students who are engaged exhibit three characteristics: (1) they are attracted to their work, (2) they persist in their work despite challenges and obstacles, and (3) they take visible delight in accomplishing their work. \n   Most teachers have seen these signs of engagement during a project, presentation, or lively class discussion.  They have caught glimpses of the inspired inner world of a child, and hoped to sustain  this wonder, enthusiasm, and perseverance every day. At the same time, they may have felt held back by traditions of reward and punishment. Our challenge is to go beyond these very real difficulties and provide a practical model for understanding what our students want and need.", "id": "high22213.txt"}