{"answers": ["D", "C"], "options": [["his neighbor's donation", "his community", "having got the job", "others' trust"], ["A Thank-You Note to Trusting Neighbor", "You Are a Winner, Not a Whiner", "Gratefulness Brings a Great Fullness to Life", "Be Grateful to Life in Advance"]], "questions": ["The writer was grateful mainly for   _  .", "The best title for the passage would be   _  ."], "article": "The choice to adopt and hold gratefulness is the one that is different from those who suffer misfortune and those who enjoy a full life.\nMy mother died when I was 24. It was a very difficult time in my life -- everything seemed to fall apart. I lost my job, and then my  _ were turned off. I had to take cold showers for six months. A neighbor who knew about my situation came to my house and made me an offer. I took care of her children as a job, and I no longer went hungry. I was surprised that someone would trust me -- a young woman -- with her children. And it was with the very confidence that before long I began taking care of other people's children, too. I have since moved 300 miles fromprefix = st1 /Boise,Idaho. For more than 23 years I have made every effort to reach out to all the kind-hearted people who helped me when I was down and out. Without their trust, I don't know what I would have done. I am very involved in my community and volunteer at the local food bank, and I help out whenever I can. I'd like to owe what I am to whoever has offered me generosity.\nIf you are grateful for what you already have, the world will work together to give you more to be grateful for. Otherwise, the world will give you more to complain about.\nMoreover, the true master learns to be grateful, in advance, for the things that are desired, because, being grateful in advance for some attainment or accomplishment does two very important things: one...it tricks your subconscious  into believing that the goal is certain and two...it convinces other people, with whom you must interact to achieve your desires, that you know what you are about, that you are a winner, not a whiner  .", "id": "high22245.txt"}