{"answers": ["C", "D", "B", "A"], "options": [["They can enjoy the beautiful sceneries of different regions", "They can make friends with different kinds of people", "They will help to improve the tourism of the region", "They can get to know the local customs and living habits"], ["making friends", "sightseeing", "learning", "enjoyment"], ["you cannot believe it until you see the real object by yourself", "you will have a clear idea about something when you see it personally", "you will know what has happened to something when you see it", "you will have no doubt when you see something by yourself"], ["Tourism is the fastest growing industry in some countries.", "People may take a trip to the nearby mountains or beaches to relax at the weekends.", "Travelling may make people feel fresh and energetic.", "The knowledge we get from travel is as valuable as that from reference books."]], "questions": ["According to the passage, it is exciting for people to visit different places for the following reasons EXCEPT  _", "According to the author, the most important reason for people to go travelling may be   _", "By saying \"Seeing is believing\", the author means that   _", "Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage?"], "article": "It is exciting to visit different places. As you travel, you will see beautiful sceneries typical of the region. Besides, you can meet and make friends with people of different color1s and races. Finally, you can get to know the customs and living habits of the local people. Today people are so fond of travelling that tourism has become one of the fastest growing industries in most countries.\nThe main reason why people travel is, perhaps, for pleasure. For example, having worked hard throughout the weekdays, people will find a widened trip to the nearby mountains or beaches for a relaxation. For another example, spending an annual holiday travelling abroad is an especially satisfying experience for those who do not have much of an opportunity to be away from their homelands. When people return from their travel, they will generally feel fresh and energetic, ready to work harder.\nTravelling is also one of the best means for learning. You may have read or heard about something but you can never get an accurate picture of it until you see it for yourself.  _ . Furthermore, if you are a careful observer, you can learn much during your travel about the geography, biology, and history of the places you visit. No matter how well educated you are, there is always a lot for you to learn through travelling. The knowledge _ from travel, as you have found in your life, is no less valuable than that from any influential reference books.", "id": "high22244.txt"}