{"answers": ["B", "C", "D", "D"], "options": [["Because Liu Qian is known for his interaction with his audiences.", "Because people love watching magicians make the impossible happen.", "Because people want to know the secret of the magic.", "Because people are curious about everything."], ["He was good at magic when he was young.", "He had won Taiwan's Youth Magic contest.", "He couldn't find a decent job after graduation.", "He became an amateur in his spare time."], ["Liu thinks that manipulation skills is more important than thinking", "Liu was born in Japanin 1976.", "He has planned on becoming a professional magician since his childhood.", "Liu appeared once in front of an audience of millions at CCTV's Spring Festival Gala."], ["Why Liu Qian plays magic well", "What magic tricks are", "Why people love magic", "How Liu Qian becameChina's hottest magician"]], "questions": ["Why do people love to watch magic?", "What is the key reason that Liu Qian decided to make magic his career?", "From the passage we know that   _  .", "The passage is mainly about   _  ."], "article": "Here's an unusual story: a diamond ring was recently found in an egg. The magician, Liu Qian, discovered it, in front of an audience of millions at CCTV's Spring Festival Gala. Liu's magic tricks have made the centuries-old art of magic fashionable once again, and made him the hottest magician in prefix = st1 /China.  \nAs a seasoned young magician from Taiwan, Liu is popular worldwide for his magic shows. Countries he has performed in include theUnited States,Japan,South Koreaand theUK.  \nWitnessing something impossible happen right before your eyes is the root of people's love for magic. Liu is known for his interaction with his audiences. He has a unique understanding of showmanship. \"It is actually thinking, rather than one's manipulation skills, that is more important to achieving a successful magic show. We think carefully about how to design the shows creatively, to make them appear more intriguing ,\" Liu said.  \nLiu's success dates back to his childhood. Born in 1976 in Taiwan, he found himself attracted to a magic toy in a shop when he was seven years old. At the age of 12, he wonTaiwan's Youth Magic Contest, which was judged by the great American magician, David Copperfield.  \nYet, Liu never planned on becoming a professional magician. He studied Japanese literature at university and only hoped to be an amateur  magician in his spare time. However, his failure to find a decent  job after graduation pushed him towards magic as a career. To refine his performing skills, he has performed on streets, roads and fields, for pedestrians , policemen and farmers. \"Street shows are the biggest challenge for us magicians. We have to deal with unexpected situations and tough crowds.\" Liu said.", "id": "high22259.txt"}