{"answers": ["C", "B", "A"], "options": [["what to do in our life", "where to go with other persons", "how to treat our life", "how to get on well with other persons"], ["If you give someone your love, you are sure to receive love in return.", "We often don't know what we have lost until it happens someday.", "It is wise not to rely on anybody because you are likely to be deceived.", "If it takes you a short time to love someone, you will easily forget the person."], ["you shouldn't do what will hurt other people", "you should put on other people's shoes", "you should believe in other people", "you should depend on your imagination"]], "questions": ["In this passage, the writer wants to tell us_.", "Which of the following statements is true according to the passage?", "If you put yourself in another person's position,_."], "article": "Maybe it is true that we do not know what we have got until we lose it, but it is also true that we do not know what we have been missing until it arrives. \nIt takes an hour to like someone, and a day to love someone, but it takes a lifetime to forget someone. Giving someone all your love is never an assurance that they will love you back. Do not expect love in return; but if it does not, be content it has grown in yours. Do not rely on one's appearance; it can trick you. Do not rely on wealth; even that fades away. Rely on someone who makes you smile, because it takes only a smile to make a dark day seem bright.\nThere are moments in life when you miss someone so much that you just want to pick them from your dreams and hug them. Dream what you want to dream, go where you want to go; be what you want to be, because you have only one life and one chance to do all the things you want to do. \nThe brightest future will always be based on a forgotten past. You cannot go on well in life until you let your past failures and heartaches go off. May you have enough happiness to make you sweet, enough trials to make you strong, enough sorrow to keep you human, enough hope to make you happy. The happiest of people do not necessarily have the best of everything; they just make the most of everything that comes along their way. Happiness waits for those who cry, those appreciate the importance of people who  have touched their lives. Always put yourself in others' shoes. If you feel that it hurts you, it probably hurts the other person, too.\nWhen you were born , you were crying and everyone around you was smiling . Live your life so that when you die , you are the one who is smiling and everyone around you is crying .", "id": "high22269.txt"}