{"answers": ["C", "B"], "options": [["One for children and the other for parents.", "They are both for parents.", "They are both for children.", "They are for people who have pets."], ["Pepito the Brave is a storybook about a bird named Pepito.", "Pepito turns to brothers and sisters because a gopher is trying to catch him.", "In The Stray Dogthere are some quick thinking children.", "Willy is the name of the stray dog that has to wander about."]], "questions": ["Who are these two books written for?", "Which of the following statements in NOT true according to the text?"], "article": "Pepito the Brave    By Scott Beck, Dutton, ISBN 0-525-46524-3, $12.99\n   Ah, the time in life when one has to leave home. No one seems to have as hard a time with it as Pepito. Pepito is a little bird who needs to leave the nest, but the problems is, he's afraid of heights. This makes flying away a bit of a problem, so like most people (or birds in this case) he avoids it, when he finds himself in a new situation, someone happens to give him some advice. A fox suggests he run to where he's going (I got nervous when he came across a fox, _ , a frog tells him to hop, a gopher to burrow . After his various attempts not to fly, he makes it to his brothers' and sister's new tree, and realizes that what he's done is much harder than actually trying to fly. It's a charming story with a good message--often facing up to our fears is much easier than running from them.\n       The Stray Dog   By Marc Simont, HarperCollins, ISBN 0-06-028933-3, $15.95\nAs someone who has taken in his share of stray animals, I can totally relate to the family in The Stray Dog. While picnicking one day, they befriend a dog that wanders by. Everyone immediately falls in love, but they leave him behind, figuring he belongs to someone else. But as the week goes by, none of them can get the dog, which they've named Willy, off their mind. So naturally the next Saturday they go back to that same place to see if Willy's still there. They find that not only does he not have an owner, but they've arrived just in time to prevent a catastrophe. Kids who love animals will definitely _ in the action, and even those who don't will appreciate the quick thinking children who save the day.", "id": "high22263.txt"}