{"answers": ["D", "B", "A", "C"], "options": [["the cause of weboholism", "the advantage of weboholism", "the popularity of weboholism", "the influence of weboholism"], ["weboholism has the greatest effect on teenagers.", "students can hardly balance real and virtual life.", "people are addicted to games on the Internet.", "virtual life is more vivid and attractive anyway."], ["It contributes to the development of the web.", "The chat room language may change social culture.", "The problem will be getting more and more serious later.", "People addicted to the web often become inactive in real life."], ["optimistic", "positive", "oppositive", "acceptable"]], "questions": ["The main idea of the passage is about   _  .", "We can infer from the passage that   _  .", "Which of the following is NOT true of weboholism?", "The author's attitude towards weboholism is that of being   _  ."], "article": "A new generation addiction is quickly spreading all over the world. Weboholism , a twentieth century disease, affects people from different ages. They surf the net, use e-mail and speak in chat rooms. They spend many hours on the computer, and it becomes a compulsive habit. They cannot stop, and it affects their lives.\nTen years ago, no one thought that using computers could become compulsive behavior that could affect the social and physical life of computer users. This _ behavior has affected teenagers and college students. They are likely to log on computers and spend long hours at different websites.\nThey become hooked on computers and gradually their social and school life is affected by this situation. They spend all free time surfing and don't concentrate on homework, so this addiction influences their grades and success at schools. Because they can find everything on the websites, they hang out there. Moreover, this addiction to websites influences their social life.\nThey spend more time in front of computers than with their friends. The relation with their friends changes. The virtual life becomes more important than their real life. They have a new language that they speak in the chat rooms and it causes cultural changes in society.\nBecause of the change in their behavior, they begin to isolate( themselves from the society and live with their virtual friends. They share their emotions and feelings with friends who they have never met in their life. Although they feel confident on the computer, they are not confident with real live friends they have known all their life. It is a problem for the future. This addictive behavior is beginning to affect the whole world.", "id": "high2227.txt"}