{"answers": ["D", "A"], "options": [["To live with an aim in life", "To be a pessimist or optimist", "Life is full of ups and downs", "Develop the positive attitude"], ["a person can solve the problem once he thinks of a way", "Sonal made up for what she had lost by working day and night", "Sonal was a pessimist because he lost her history notes", "the history notes that she lost was not important for her"]], "questions": ["What might be the best title of the passage?", "The case of Sonal suggested that   _  ."], "article": "When you enter a crowded room or go on a picnic or to a party, who is the most attractive and appealing person? It is the person who is cheerful, has a smiling face and behaves as if he or she is enjoying every moment of the event! Such people have an optimistic opinion on life. They are the ones with a positive attitude. On the other hand, let's see that fellow in the corner with a long face. He is most probably thinking about the time and money wasted in having fun. He is a pessimist, one with a negative attitude.\nA person with a positive attitude gets on well with the job at hand. He doesn't worry about what's gone before or what might happen in the future. If there is a problem, he quickly thinks of ways to solve it. If the problem cannot be solved singly, he seeks help from someone else. He doesn't feel that it's beneath his dignity to seek assistance.\nWhen Sonal lost her history notes days before an important examination, she sat down and cried. Then she pulled herself together, borrowed a friend's notes, worked day and night and managed to copy down whatever she had lost. Sonal passed the exam with flying color1s.\nIt's just not possible, even for the greatest optimist, to smile all the time and feel good all day. Everyone has a period of blues now and then, when everything seems sad and without cheer. But once you develop a positive attitude, once you realize that life is a series of ups and downs, dark clouds and bright sunshine, in no time at all, you've  _ , ready to welcome the world again with open arms and a huge smile! So from this moment on, keep your face to the sunshine and you'll never see the shadows.", "id": "high22271.txt"}