{"answers": ["B", "C"], "options": [["He could hardly put them in any other places.", "He laid great values on old things.", "He was afraid someone would steal them.", "He wanted to let them have life."], ["The man believed that he could win the game.", "The man became mad after he was in the room.", "The man mistook one fork for more than one.", "The man was wondering how to kill thieves."]], "questions": ["Why did the man keep old things in his room?", "Which of the following is true according to the story?"], "article": "A man called Greedy Black loved nothing but old things. He was so crazy about everything that was old and out of fashion because he was convinced that the older, the better. Always worried about losing his treasures, he kept all he had collected in an old room. It had no windows, so it was very dark, and of course, it was full of old things.\n    One day Greedy Black went into this room to get a ladder, as he had often practiced, but slipped on something and fell against a big garden fork. The fork hit him on the head and knocked him down. Then it fell on top of him and hit him hard on the left leg. The ends of the fork then went into his long beard. He fought with the fork fiercely, and at last threw it off him, jumped up and ran out of the room. He was very angry. He had an old sword under his bed, and he now ran and got this. Then he ran back to the room, opened the door suddenly and shouted in a terrible voice, \"All right, come out and fight, you and all the other forks in the world! I'm not afraid of you!\" But there was no response for his challenge. So in great  _ , he turned on the electric light, only to find that there was no other fork but the one that had repeatedly troubled him.\nAfter reading this story, what reflections   have you got for yourself? Do you still think that keeping old things in a private place sounds sound? Or don't you believe that you have to be far away from forks because forks are the most powerful? Or what else.....?", "id": "high22289.txt"}