{"answers": ["C", "D", "B"], "options": [["our self-esteem", "our physical conditions", "our dreams", "our surroundings"], ["become a successful person", "have enough confidence", "get some diseases easily", "have a low sense of worth"], ["criticize some scientists' new ideas", "suggest developing healthy self-esteem", "advise struggling for great ideas.", "recommend ways to avoid diseases"]], "questions": ["According to the passage , all of the following factors may affect our emotion, EXCEPT   _  .", "If a child is often scolded, when he grows up he may   _  , according to the passage.", "The author wrote the article to   _"], "article": "Many things -- genetics, environment, the food you eat, illness, sleep, even the seasons -- influence your emotional state. But at the heart of it is how you regard yourself. If you have a healthy level of self-esteem, you not only cope with life's challenges better than people with low self-esteem, but you're probably more content, confident, and successful. You're probably also healthier. Studies show that positive self-esteem actually helps inoculate (......) people against depression and anxiety, conditions that may present increased risk of everything from colds to heart diseases.\n   Most people's good sense of worth is rooted in their childhood -- in the early approval  of their parents, teachers, and friends. But as we get older, most of us judge ourselves by our sense of how effectively we're managing in the world, especially in the areas of love and work. Our ability to love and to be loved can give us a sense of purpose and deep fulfillment. We can also find satisfaction and pride in work-related accomplishments and the people we meet and work with can reinforce our sense of self and our role in life. Once midlife comes along, however, our self-esteem can take a turn in response to changes in our lives. Marital  relationship may change, children may leave home , and we may begin to scale back our work as we approach retirement. Of course, the view in the mirror may not be what it used to be, either.\n   If you find your self-esteem eroding a bit, try to build it up again. As the saying goes, it's better to try something and fail than to be successful at not trying anything . Focus on goals that are linked to activities you're really interested in, so you'll enjoy a sense of purpose and gain pleasure from the pursuit  whether or not you achieve your goal in full.", "id": "high22288.txt"}