{"answers": ["B", "B", "A", "B"], "options": [["A polar bear was killed by them.", "A polar bear was to attack the tent.", "A polar bear was about to enter their life.", "A polar bear began to escape from the tent."], ["Some dogs drew their sled.", "Kites were put in use in pulling the sled.", "They flew the kites together with the wind.", "The two brothers drew the sled in the wind."], ["Because they wanted to try to open new routes.", "Because their parents asked them to try again.", "Because they wanted to show off their courage.", "Because they wanted to warn the danger of polar adventure."], ["Two brave brothers.", "Across the Polar Ice.", "Meeting with polar bears.", "A way to enjoy cold together."]], "questions": ["What happened one morning during their adventure?", "How did the two brothers travel in the ice and snow?", "Why did the two brothers carry out the adventure?", "Which of the following can serve as the best title of the passage?"], "article": "Something woke me at four in the morning and it's a good thing it did. A polar bear was about to attack the tent right above my head. As claws   started to rip the fabric, I kicked and screamed. That woke my brother, Eric, who charged after the bear with a camp shovel. In the chaos   I managed to find our shotgun, fire in the air a couple of times, and scare off the bear for good.\nEric and I were attempting the first kite-skiing crossing of the frozen Northwest Passage. We had set off in March 2012 from Tukoyaktuk, in Canada's Northwest Territories and hoped to end on Baffin Island, Nunavut, where we had grown up. Our parents are adventure guides, so we spent weekends on dog-sleds learning to have fun in the cold. As teenagers we took up kite-skiing--catching the strong polar winds with a kite to pull us over the ice and snow. Now we're showing how it can open new routes by moving expeditions quickly over long distances. \nOn this trip the native Inuit tracked   our progress through the radio interviews we did along the way. When we got to a town, they were always waiting for us. After 85 days and 2,050 miles, we pulled into Pond Inlet, on Baffin Island, where people welcomed us with a square dance. There was only one thing for us to do. We took off our skis and joined in. \nWe believe what we are doing is of meanings: to inspire the youths to get outdoors and get active, promoting a healthy lifestyle and love of nature.", "id": "high22296.txt"}