{"answers": ["A", "A", "D", "A"], "options": [["Reading.", "Helping others.", "Resting.", "Sleeping."], ["She could hardly manage her breakfast by herself.", "She was unable to find her daughter in the airport.", "The airport attendant could hardly help her.", "She didn't know where to board the plane."], ["He offered to change seats with the elderly lady.", "He went all the way to wait for her daughter.", "He invited all those nearby to offer hands.", "He managed to help the elderly lady all the way."], ["He believes he may find help if he is in need later.", "He was appreciated deeply by everyone nearby.", "He was looking forward to live up to 80 as the old lady.", "He can get paid forward later in money."]], "questions": ["What had the author planned to do during the flight?", "What troubled the elderly lady in the wheel chair?", "How did the author show his kindness?", "Why does the author feel grateful?"], "article": "I was going on vacation to meet up with family for a week of fun in Denver. I got to the airport, ready to leave my work behind for a few days. \n     I was comfortably awaiting my flight with a good book to read, when an elderly lady was wheeled to our waiting area. I couldn't help but notice the trouble she was having trying to open a packet of nuts with her shaking hands. I sighed. No one else was willing to meet her gaze   so I offered to help.  \n     She was very grateful. It turned out that these nuts were her entire breakfast. We sat and chatted. When the time came to board the plane the attendants   were nowhere to be seen. The lady could walk but needed some help, so I volunteered to help her on the plane and carry her bag.\n     As I helped her get settled I noticed her \"seat mate,\" a businessman, looked a bit horrified at having to make the fight with her. He offered to change seats with me -- and I agreed. \n     We landed and I needed to change planes, but I helped her disembark   first. The wheelchair she ordered was nowhere to be seen so we slowly walked to gate where her daughter was waiting.\n     We only exchanged first names, and she was so grateful to have my help. I had to run to catch my connection but, as I thought about the experience, I saw her as my airport angel: a chance for me to hope that in the future when I'm in my 80's and traveling, someone will take the time to connect with me. Pay it forward.", "id": "high22295.txt"}