{"answers": ["D", "B", "D", "A"], "options": [["He will go on without thought even though he may fail.", "He will think of some famous failures in his life.", "He will start to tell himself some successful stories.", "He will refer to some famous persons' failure stories."], ["All of them had a poor childhood.", "All of them failed before succeeding.", "All of them became rich in the end.", "All of them had a poor ending of their life."], ["Bill Gates never thought he would earn so much.", "Both Gates and Lincoln did well at school.", "Both Newton and Gates didn't do well at school.", "Beethoven's music teacher thought poorly of him."], ["Failure is the mother of success.", "Success and failure come and go at the same time.", "If you want to succeed, you'll have to fail.", "Whatever happens, stories of failures help."]], "questions": ["What does the author do if something disappoints him?", "What common features do the above successful people share?", "Which of the following is true according to the above passage?", "What can we infer from the above passage?"], "article": "To succeed in business or life we must continually take actions. Putting yourself on the line day after day can be extremely boring, especially when things do not work out as desired. Each time a disappointing event happens, I like to get reminded of these famous failures:\nGates has literally changed the work culture of the world in the 20the and the 21st centuries, by simplifying the way the computer is being used. He was the world's richest man for more than one decade. However, in the 1970's before starting out, he was a Harvard University dropout. The most ironic   part is that he started a software company by purchasing the software technology from someone for only $50 back then.\nLincoln received no more than five years of formal education throughout his lifetime. When he grew up, he joined politics and had 12 major failures before he was elected the 16th President of the United States of America.\nNewton was the greatest English mathematician of his generation. His work on optics and gravitation made him one of the greatest scientists the world has even known. Many thought that Newton was born a genius, but he wasn't! When he was young, he did very poorly in grade school, so poor that his teachers became helpless in improving his grades.\nBeethoven is widely regarded as one of history's great composers. His reputation has inspired composers, musicians and audiences who were to come after him. Before the start of his career, Beethoven's music teacher once said of him \"as a composer, he is hopeless\". And during his career, he lost his hearing yet he managed to produce great music. A deaf man composing music, ironic, isn't it!", "id": "high22290.txt"}