{"answers": ["D", "A", "D"], "options": [["You can relax on the holiday.", "You will enjoy exploring different places.", "You can understand your friends better.", "You can have a good chance to make new friends."], ["spend time together to fully understand each other", "go on many holidays to meet new people", "not stay at home, but go on holiday with your family", "spend time alone and away from your friends"], ["you must go to a travel agency before you go", "you needn't plan the activities that you will take part in", "you have to spend a lot of money with your friend", "you must find a place that you all enjoy and feel comfortable in"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is NOT a benefit   of going on a friendship holiday   according to the author?", "According to the author, to make real friends, you should   _  .", "When you go on a friendship holiday,   _  ."], "article": "When you have good friends you really feel special and want to share in the spirit of friendship. You try to do pleasing and exciting things for each other. You could go on a friendship holiday, which would be very joyous. There are many places that you can go for a friendship holiday.\nFirst, let us look at some of the things that you will enjoy when you go on holiday with your friends. You will get a chance to relax and forget your  _ life. You can relax and forget about dealing with lots of different things every day. Also, such a holiday is an opportunity to have fun with your friends as you explore different places. Moreover, there is no better way to get a true friendship; you have to spend time with people so that you can fully understand each other.\nI cannot insist enough on the importance of looking for enough time to share, and you can do this through a friendship holiday. You will have to look for a place that you all enjoy and feel comfortable in. Taking a friendship holiday does not have to be expensive. You can look for a good place where you can spend the weekend. The idea is to go away for some time so that you can be alone together. Besides knowing which place to go to, you need to know the activities that you are going to take part in while you are on holiday. If you are using a travel agency, let it guide you to some of the things that you will really like. Go for the activities that you will enjoy. It is pretty exciting how you can enjoy yourself with friends. You won't want to go back home.", "id": "high22297.txt"}