{"answers": ["B", "D", "A"], "options": [["Because it makes people spend too much time online.", "Because it can make people lose their real-life friends.", "Because it is as harmful to people's lives as watching TV.", "Because it encourages people to make friends with strangers."], ["To find out lost e-mail addresses and phone numbers.", "To arrange appointments with our old college friends.", "To collect interesting pictures and articles from our friends.", "To keep in touch with friends who we haven't called for long."], ["read other's personal updates", "write our life stories online secretly", "decide who can read our life stories", "refuse to join in popular online games"]], "questions": ["Why did the article in theWall Street Journal blame Facebook?", "What does the author suggest using Facebook to do?", "We can imply from the passage that by using Facebook we can   _  ."], "article": "It seems some people have something bad to say about Facebook, the social media website that now has attracted more than 300 million members. To them I have only this to say: Stop please!\nA recent article in theWall Street Journalblamed Facebook's ability to ruin friendships, saying that it limits communication to typing and encourages people to spend far too much time with friends they have never met.\nHaving used Facebook since its first year, I find these arguments false. The simple truth is that the problems are only a symptom of Facebook abuse. Like many things, it is only as harmful to your life and relationships as you allow it to be. Consider arguments against watching too much TV and overeating.\nTry using Facebook to find friends who may have long ago changed their e-mail addresses and phone numbers, to find out what your old college friends are up to, to congratulate your friends on their latest birthdays, to share pictures and articles you find interesting, and to join in the discussion about them with your friends.\nSure, I had days when I wasted a little more time on Facebook than I should, but I'm not going to blame Facebook for my own laziness. If Facebook wasn't there, I would have found something else to waste time on. To my \"friends\": if you don't feel like broadcasting your life stories on your Facebook, don't. If you tire of my personal updates, ignore them. If you don't want to join in the popular online games, don't. It is a fun tool at your fingers that can be used for both good and bad. If you don't like using Facebook, don't.\nI am now a consultant at the Department of State. I use Facebook to keep in touch with friends, family, and colleagues who live and work all over the world.", "id": "high2231.txt"}