{"answers": ["C", "D", "B", "B", "A"], "options": [["the family had five children", "Marie's father had a small salary", "Marie's mother gave up her job", "the family was cruelly taxed by the Russians"], ["she wanted to help her father to support the family", "her father couldn't afford to send her to college", "her grades were very poor", "colleges in Poland would not take women as students"], ["she smoothed away many difficulties and entered Paris University", "her grades were the highest in her class", "she did research work after her graduation", "she won the Nobel Prize finally"], ["he trenched   upon the Curies' discovery", "he made some contributions to the research", "he persuaded the Curies to be engaged in the research", "the Curies were greatly encouraged by him"], ["A Brief Account of Madam Curie", "Madam Curie and Radium", "Madam Curie's Childhood", "Madam Curie's Science Interest"]], "questions": ["When Marie was young, her family became poorer because   _  .", "Marie couldn't continue the advanced education because   _  .", "The fact that proves Marie was the best student in her class is that   _  .", "In 1906, a certain scientist shared the Nobel Prize with the Curies because   _  .", "The best title for the passage is   _  ."], "article": "Marie Curie, born in Sklodovka, Poland in 1876, led a hard life as a girl. Her parents, both teachers, had small salaries and were quite poor, especially after her mother stopped teaching to raise five children and take care of her poor health. Marie's mother suffered from tuberculosis   and died of it when Marie was ten.\nWhen Marie was small, she showed great interest in science. She loved to study and hoped to become a scientist when she grew up. Her parents encouraged her interest in science. Excellent as she was in her studies, she couldn't go on with the advanced education she needed because Poland was then ruled by Russia and women were not permitted to go to college.\nIn order to continue her education, she smoothed away many difficulties and entered Paris University. she lived a simple life and studied hard, so she graduated with the highest grades in her class.\nAfter graduation, she was engaged in scientific research in Paris University. There she met Pierre Curie, whom she married later. Pierre joined her in her research into an unknown phenomenon radiation, which a certain scientist had declared the uranium   gave off. The Curies spent several years trying their best to find the element that produced radiation. Finally they succeeded in 1902.\nMarie Curie won two Nobel Prizes, one for physics in 1906, together with her husband and another scientist who had also contributed to the research, the other for chemistry herself in 1911.Marie Curie was a scientist of great achievement, and the first woman ever to be honoured in the Nobel Prize history.", "id": "high22325.txt"}