{"answers": ["C", "B", "D", "A"], "options": [["find your way easily", "learn what's going on in the world", "make your computer run faster", "make facetoface video telephone calls"], ["It can provide video news programs, updated four times a day.", "Users can have facetoface talks with friends and family on their mobile phones.", "Users can enjoy video and CDquality music on their phones.", "It'll be easier for users to surf the Web on their phone than on their computers at home."], ["3G mobile phones were first used in America.", "Foreign telecom companies won't enter China.", "3G technology is now at the commercial stage in China.", "Users in China won't probably use 3G mobile phones until late next year."], ["Realizing the dream of mobile data based on the application of 3G is a must.", "There is no need to send messages since 3G can receive video news programs.", "3G is supposed to own all the functions that a computer has.", "It is a choice to carry mobile data with 3G phones."]], "questions": ["With 3G, you can do the following EXCEPT   _  .", "According to the text, which function of the following makes 3G technology most extraordinary?", "Which of the following is true according to the passage?", "What does Len Lauer want to inform the readers?"], "article": "Thirdgeneration mobile phones, known as 3G, are the next big step for the telecom industry. Data speed in 3G networks is much quicker than present technology. This means users can have highspeed Internet access and enjoy video and CDquality music on their phones.\n \"Mobile data is not a dream; it's not an option but a requirement.\" said Len Lauer, head of a US communications company,Sprint PCS,at a 3G conference in Bangkok earlier this month.\nWith 3G, you can forget about text messages telling you yesterday's news; a 3G phone can receive video news programs, updated four times a day. Internet access will also be much quicker, making it easier to surf the Web on your phone than on your computer at home.\nFacetoface video calls\nAnd don't worry about getting lost. 3G phones offer map services so you can find a new restaurant just by pressing a few keys on your handset.\nHowever, the most impressive part of 3G technology is video calling. With live twoday video communication, you can have facetoface talks with friends and family on your mobile phone.\nMany European countries have already launched the service. In May 2000 the US Government issued five licenses to run 3G wireless services, while the first 3G phones arrived in Italy in March this year.\nInternational telecom companies can't wait to sell 3G in China, the world's largest mobile telecommunications market. But they will have to be patient. At the moment, China is busy testing its 3Gbased technologies, networks and services. This will be followed by a trial period before the phones can finally hit the shops.\n\"We need to create a pool of 3G customers before the largescale commercial launch of the service.\" said Fan Yunjun, marketing manager for Beijing Mobile. \"We expect that the 3G licenses will be issued late next year. \"", "id": "high22331.txt"}