{"answers": ["C", "C", "A", "B"], "options": [["it is full of all lessons to learn", "you have plenty of time to learn lessons", "you meet with specific lessons every day", "there are so many subjects for you to choose"], ["Having the same opinions as others.", "Taking the distinct path from others.", "Learning the lessons presented to you.", "Doing the different things from others."], ["everyone has his own track to follow", "the same things usually happen to the peers", "a painful divorce must lie in financial problems", "a wealthy man must have a wonderful marriage"], ["All things are equal and justice will always prevail.", "You should learn to appreciate your specific uniqueness.", "One has to fix his mind on unfairness of circumstances.", "You have to complain \"it's not fair\" whenever possible."]], "questions": ["Life is called a full - time school, because_.", "According to the passage, how can the meaning of your life be realized?", "From the passage we can conclude_.", "Which of the following is TRUE?"], "article": "You are enrolled in a full - time school called \"life\". Each day in this school you will have the opportunity to learn lessons. You may like the lessons or hate them, but you have designed them as part of your curriculum.\nWhy are you here? What is your purpose? Humans have sought to discover the meaning of life for a very long time. What we and our ancestors have overlooked, however, is that there is no one answer. The meaning of life is different for every individual. \nEach person has his or her own purpose and distinct path, unique and separate from anyone else's. As you travel your life path, you will be presented with numerous lessons that you will need to learn in order to fulfill that purpose. The lessons you are presented with are specific to you; learning these lessons is the key to discovering and fulfilling the meaning and connection of your own life. \nAs you travel through your lifetime, you may encounter challenging lessons that others don't have to face, while others spend years struggling with challenges that you don't need to deal with. You may never know why you are blessed with a wonderful marriage, while your friends suffer through bitter arguments and painful divorces, just as you cannot be sure why you struggle financially while your peers enjoy abundance. The only thing you can count on for certain is that you will be presented with all the lessons that you specifically need to learn; whether you choose to learn them or not is entirely up to you. \nThe challenge here, therefore, is to align (......) yourself with your own unique path by learning individual lessons. This is one of the most difficult challenges you will be face with in your lifetime, as sometimes your path will be completely different from others'. But, remember, don't compare your path to the people around you and focus on the difference between their lessons and yours. You need to remember that you will only be faced with lessons that you are capable of learning and are specific to your own growth. \n    Our sense of fairness is the expectation of equality - the assumption that all things are equal and justice will always prevail. Life is not, in fact, fair, and you may indeed have a more difficult life path than others around you, deserved or not. Everyone's circumstances are unique, and everyone needs to handle his or her own circumstances differently. If you want to move toward calm, you will be required to move out of the complaining phase of \"it's not fair\". Focusing on the unfairness of circumstances keeps you comparing yourself with others rather than appreciating your own special uniqueness. You miss out on learning your individual lessons by distracting yourself with feelings of bitterness and anger.", "id": "high22343.txt"}