{"answers": ["B", "D", "B", "A"], "options": [["showing they are happy", "a way of warning", "showing they are angry", "a way of greeting"], ["A place where families of other species are not accepted.", "A place where a bird may shout at the top of its voice.", "An area for which birds fight against each other.", "An area which a bird considers to be its own."], ["Because they want to invite more friends.", "Because their singing helps frighten outsiders away.", "Because they want to find outsiders around.", "Because their singing makes themselves less frightened."], ["By comparing birds with human beings.", "By reporting experiment results.", "By describing birds' daily life.", "By telling a bird's story."]], "questions": ["Some scientists believe that most of the time bird's singing is actually  _  .", "What is a bird's 'territory'?", "Why do birds keep on singing at nesting season?", "How does the writer explain bird's singing?"], "article": "Have you ever wondered why birds sing? Maybe you thought that they were just happy. After all, you probably sing or whistle when you are happy.\n   Some scientists believe that birds do sing some of the time just because they are happy. However, they sing most of the time for a very different reason. Their singing is actually a warning to other birds to stay out of their territory.\n   Do you know what a 'territory' is? A territory is an area that an animal, usually the male, claims   as its own. Only he and his family are welcome there. No other families of the same species  are welcome. Your yard and house are your territory where only your family and friends are welcome. If a stranger enter your territory and threaten you, you may shout. Probably this is enough to frighten him away.\n   If so, you have actually scared the stranger away without having to fight him. A bird does the same thing. But he expects an outsider almost any time, especially at nesting season. So he is screaming all the time, whether he can see an outsider or not. This screaming is what we call a bird's song, and it is usually enough to keep an outsider away.\n   Birds sing loudest in the spring when they are trying to attract a mate and warn others not to enter the territory of theirs.\n   You can see that birds have a language of their own. Most of it has something to do with attracting mates  and setting up territories.", "id": "high22354.txt"}