{"answers": ["D", "B"], "options": [["The pork was poisoned.", "Someone was poisoning the people on purpose.", "People didn't care about politics.", "The water supply was polluted."], ["A well-known scientist from New York found the cause of poisoning.", "Politicians would like to find the solution because they cared about people's lives.", "It was people who had been poisoning themselves with pollution.", "Even some police officers were getting ill."]], "questions": ["Which is the real cause of the poison?", "Which of the following statements is WRONG?"], "article": "When the population of the port town began to suffer from poisoning, the police came to find the cause of poisoning. They thought someone was poisoning the people on purpose, but no one knew how  _ was possible. Soon people held the view that the pork was poisoned. It was a popular food everyone ate and it could have possibly made everyone sick. Anyone who had possession of pork would throw it out. Even the poorest of the poor wouldn't eat pork. Signs were posted on poles and letters were sent to everyone to warn people of the pork. Shortly afterwards, even policemen in high positions were also getting sick.\nSoon it became political and popular. Politicians rushed to the town to talk about politics and promised how they would find the solution if they were elected. Everyone was so sick that they didn't care about politics. Everyone was in a position where he or she didn't know what to do anymore. They went to the post office to mail posts out asking for help. The poor town didn't know how to deal with the situation.\nOne day, a well-known scientist from New York came to the town with a huge box containing many instruments and his possessions. He went to pools and the port and made measurements. He was quiet and polite. Then one day he made a speech at a newspaper meeting-room to announce his findings.\n\"I am sorry to say your water supply is so heavily polluted; it is poisoned. I know who has been poisoning you all for such a long time. It is you who have been poisoning yourselves with pollution. A great deal of rubbish has been thrown into the water day after day. No one here has taken good care of the environment. It is no wonder all of you have been sick.\" Shocked at the news, the people present were lost in thought.", "id": "high22361.txt"}