{"answers": ["C", "B", "A", "D"], "options": [["the Bulgarian life", "rose festivals of the world", "the roses in Bulgaria", "the living habits of roses"], ["lies near Bulgaria's capital", "has the largest rose plantation", "was formed a century ago", "was built by Kazanlak people"], ["great value", "bright color1", "growing places", "wide uses"], ["Judges decide the beginning of the festival.", "It included an International Folklore Festival centuries ago.", "Judges honor the most skillful pickers of roses.", "A concert will be held at the end of the festival."]], "questions": ["The passage mainly talks about   _  .", "According to the passage, the Rose Valley   _  .", "Rose oil is called liquid gold because if its   _  .", "What do we know about the Festival of Roses in Kazanlak from the passage?"], "article": "Bulgaria is famous for its roses and produces about 85 percent of all the rose oil in the world. Rose oil is called liquid gold  and is used in making soaps, chocolates, perfumes   and so on.\n     The first records about growing roses on Bulgarian land go back many centuries. The Rose Valley developed in the area between the cities of Kazanlak and Karlovo in central Bulgaria.\n     The roses seem to love the soil and weather there. The rose is the most important plant grown in Bulgaria, which could be called the country on the roses. The rose plantations  in the Rose Valley are the largest in the world.\n     Much of the population in the Rose Valley works in the rose industry. In Bulgaria, we produce rose oil, rose water and other products. Rose oil is used in high-quality perfumes produced in many countries. The main flower grown is the Kazanlak rose, which is famous around the world.\n     The oil is prepared by distillation  . Each flower is picked by hand, and you need 3,000 kilos to make one kilo of rose oil. That means about 30 flowers for just one tiny drop oil. So you can understand why it is so expensive and is called liquid gold.\n     Each year on the first weekend in June, during the harvest, there is a Festival of Rose in Kazanlak with many performances. Judges choose the Queen of Roses as part of the summer festival. After this, she honors the most skillful picker of roses in the harvest.\n     This festival is an old tradition and goes back more than a century. Today it also includes an International Folklore Festival and attracts many tourists. The festival ends with a concert in the evening. There are also festivals in Karlovo and other towns. Come to see and enjoy.", "id": "high22372.txt"}