{"answers": ["C", "B", "D"], "options": [["A singer's autobiography.", "The life of an old couple.", "An act of kindness.", "The difficulties Jan met."], ["She found a friendly couple as she had expected.", "She didn't have enough money to go on with her journey.", "She couldn't live with her children.", "She suffered a lot because her husband left her."], ["believes Jan Howard met with angels", "doesn't know the old couple's names", "doesn't know where the old couple lived", "thinks highly of the old couple"]], "questions": ["What is the passage mainly about?", "What happened to Jan Howard in Frontenac?", "From the passage we learn that the author   _  ."], "article": "I recently read about a wonderful act of kindness. It is about the country singer, Jan Howard, and it happened in the mid 1950s. You can read about it in her autobiography , Sunshine and Shadow. She suffered a lot with her three children, two of whom were babies. She was forced to leave her husband because he didn't care about the family. At one point she suffered a nervous breakdown due to his cruel and uncaring behavior.\n     She took her children with her and decided to leave their home, but didn't know her destination. This all took place in a small town in Kansas, called Frontenac. She had very little gas in the tank and no money at all and she didn't even manage to make it out of Frontenac. As she used up the gas she got into a panic . She then went to a house, not knowing the owner. She \"put her pride in her pocket\" and went to the door. \n     After she explained her situation to an old lady who answered the door, the lady asked her husband to help Jan carry the children into the house. These kind people allowed her to stay for two weeks until she received some money in the mail from a  . They fed and cared for Jan and her children. This is one of the most exciting acts of kindness I have ever come across in my fifty years. These angels were named Henry and Sarah and they would always be warmly remembered by me for what they did for Jan and her children.", "id": "high22381.txt"}