{"answers": ["D", "C", "B"], "options": [["the seas and oceans will be full of houses", "we'll have used up all the resources", "we will not have enough fish to eat from the seas", "we'll have polluted the air so badly that it'll be impossible for us to breathe without masks."], ["all the land will be too polluted to be cropped on", "pyramids will be the most commonly-used houses", "people will be using the power from the sun instead of oil", "we will be short of materials even though we get them from under the oceans"], ["electric cars will be going along the streets continuously", "the resources under the oceans will never be used up", "people will order from home", "people won't suffer from cold any longer"]], "questions": ["Pessimists believe that in the future   _   .", "Optimists suggest that   _   .", "Scientists have made the predictions EXCEPT   _   ."], "article": "Some people are pessimistic  when they think about the future. They say that a hundred years from now, we will have used most of the earth's resources. We will have polluted our seas badly, and be unable to eat fish from them. We will have made the air so dirty that we will need to wear masks. The world's population will have doubled, and we will have used all the countryside for housing; there will be no farmland left.\nOther people believe that Man adapts very easily. They have a different idea of the future.  How, in their views, will people be living in a hundred years' time?\nOne architect believes that Man will move off the land. He suggests that the city of the future will be a huge, pyramid-shaped building, which will be floating on the surface of the sea. About 5,000 families will be living there, and the building will contain shops and schools as well as homes. By living on the sea, we will give the farmers more land to grow crops.\nAs for oil, people will no longer need it: we will be heating our homes with power from the sun. And we will not be short of minerals, because there are plenty under our oceans. At the moment, we do not have the technology to get them out. But, in a hundred years' time, the optimists say, the new sea cities will be using these resources.\nWhat will be in the shops in the year 3000? What will people be wearing? How will people be traveling?\nScientists who make predictions about the future suggest that, by the year 3000, shops will no longer exist. Computers will have replaced them, and people will order goods from home.\nPeople will be wearing very light, thin clothes. By this time, scientists will have invented a fabric that keeps us cool in hot weather and warm in cold weather.\nAs for travel, the experts say that most people will be using public transport. Electric cars will be traveling through the streets day and night. Anybody will be able to stop one and use it. \nAn interesting picture. Unfortunately, we will not be there to see if these predictions come true.", "id": "high22382.txt"}