{"answers": ["A", "C", "A", "D"], "options": [["Siberia, an interesting and beautiful place.", "The climate in Siberia.", "The four seasons in Siberia.", "Collecting mushrooms in Siberia."], ["The places.", "The colonies.", "The smell.", "The outlook."], ["The night is longer.", "Tress turn green.", "It is warmer.", "There are many birds."], ["It's cold all the year round.", "It's hot in summer.", "The climate is very comfortable.", "It depends on where your are in Siberia."]], "questions": ["What is the best title for the passage?", "Which of the following can help to choose the right mushrooms for dinner?", "Which of the following is NOT a characteristic of Siberia in spring?", "What can we conclude about the climate in Siberia?"], "article": "Siberia is a huge territory in Russia. It is more than half of Russia and is 4,000 miles wide.  Most of this area is a forest with animals and birds. In autumn, the forests in Siberia are full of mushrooms and berries . Many people like picking mushrooms, but that is not as simple as you might think. Old people who live in the villages know places where you can pick lots of mushrooms. Some mushrooms grow in colonies. If you find one, you only need to look around because nearby you'll find more of them.\nHowever, when picking mushrooms, it is important not to choose the wrong kind. You have to be careful because some mushrooms are poisonous even though they look good. The smell can help you choose them, because good mushrooms smell very good.\nSiberian people are very friendly and hospitable. If someone invites you home for dinner, you'll soon be full. You should try everything the host is having.\nThe climate there depends on the territory. Some places have very comfortable climates with hot summers and cold winters. In my opinion, the best season is spring, when nature wakes up after a long winter. It is the time for blossoms and love. Birds come back from other warm countries. Trees become dressed in green. The sun becomes warm and the days are longer. The mood is wonderful and people smile a lot. It is an amazing time.\nIn winter, you have opportunity for sports. The most popular sport in winter in Russia is cross-country skiing. During weekends, many people go into the country and ski. Noses freeze and cheeks hurt, but people continue to enjoy these times.", "id": "high2238.txt"}