{"answers": ["B", "D"], "options": [["his great given talent", "making good use of his natural talent", "learning from others", "his favorable conditions"], ["be a teacher or a lawyer", "be a singer or an artist", "earn much money as a player", "give up painting or singing"]], "questions": ["In the writer's opinion Mozart's success lies in   _  .", "We can infer from the passage that many parents want their children to  _  ."], "article": "Mozart was a great man born with a given talent. He was writing songs at the age of five and performing before the queen by the time he was six years old. Early on, Mozart realized what his talents were, practiced or honed what he was born to do and used his natural abilities to create amazing pieces of music.\nMozart was not the first to be born with natural talents and he wasn't the last. We all have them. We only need to discover what they are and use them to the best of our abilities. You have been given amazing gifts that are meant to be shared with the world. Your job is to find out what those talents are and master them.\nFinding your natural talents may not be an easy task. Perhaps your parents except fewer wouldn't approve of   your artistic ability to paint or sing, because they want you to be a successful doctor or lawyer. Maybe your gift wouldn't seem to have the ability to bring the kind of wealth you hope. These may be excuses; it's up to you. Have you ever noticed that when you engage in an activity in which you are naturally talented, you feel active and excited? That's a sign that these are the things you should do. Discover your brilliance  in life and practice, practice, practice.\nLook at the world's greatest athletes. They practice what they're naturally good at, and what they love. You don't see Jordan sitting trying to study DNA. If that was something he was talented at, that's what he would be doing. But it's not. He's a brilliant athlete. He sticks to what he does best and he realizes his dream.\nThere are only two steps to success--discover your brilliance and perfect it.", "id": "high22388.txt"}