{"answers": ["D", "D"], "options": [["How can I speed up?", "No problem! I can make it!", "What a big horse! I am scared!", "Hold the rein  and get on the horse!"], ["setting down general theories only", "presenting research findings", "using examples", "Both B and C"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, what are you supposed to say to yourself first if you are learning to ride a horse for the first time?", "The author explains the self-talk by  _  ."], "article": "In our deep mind, we all talk to ourselves -- an inner monologue  that might seem rather pointless. But as a study shows, the act of giving ourselves mental messages can help us learn and perform at our best. Researchers have identified the most effective forms of self-talk, collected here -- so that the next time you talk to yourself, you know exactly what you should say.\nSelf-talk isn't just motivational messages like \"You can do it!\" or \"Almost there,\" although this inside cheering section can give us confidence. A review of more than two dozen studies, published last year in the journal Perspectives on Psychological Science,found that there's another kind of mental message that is even more useful, called \"instructional self-talk.\" This is the kind of running description we engage in when we're carrying out a difficult task, especially one that's unfamiliar to us. Think about when you were first learning to drive. Your self-talk might have gone something like this: \"Foot on the gas pedal , hands on the wheel, slow down for the bend here, now put your blinker on...\"\nOver time, of course, giving yourself instructions becomes unnecessary -- but while you're learning, it does three important things. First, it promotes our attention, focusing us on the important part of the task and keeping out distractions. Second, it helps us manage our effort and make decisions about what to do, how to do it, and when. And third, self-talk allows us to control our cognitive and reactions, making us stay on tasks.\nIn a recent study of students learning to throw darts  in a gym class, Athanasios Kolovelonis and his colleagues at the University of Thessaly in Greece found that self-talk is most effective when involved in a cycle of thought and action. First comes forethought, when you set a goal for yourself and make a plan for how to get there. That's followed by performance, when you enact the plan to the best of your ability. Last comes self-reflection, when you carefully evaluate what you've done and adjust your plan for the next time.\nSelf-talk can play a key part in this cycle. During the forethought stage, consider carefully what you'll say to yourself. You can even write them down. Repeat these self-instructions during the performance stage. With practice, you may find that your self-instructions become shorter; research has found that these words can become powerful signals. \nAfter the action is over, consider how you might change your self-talk to improve your performance next time -- so that at the moment it matters, the right words are ringing in your ears.", "id": "high22401.txt"}