{"answers": ["B", "A", "D"], "options": [["It means inviting students to meetings.", "It means setting short and long term goals.", "It means helping students in their spare time.", "It means providing students with more activities."], ["have Chinese classes to help students learn Chinese.", "ask students to communicate in Chinese.", "carry out the uniform sweater policy.", "build a paintable field."], ["They were useless", "They were too heated", "They were surprising", "They were interesting"]], "questions": ["What dose the strategic planning mean?", "The writer suggests that the school should  _  .", "What dose the writer think of the discussions?"], "article": "Recently, I took part in the first strategic planning meeting at school. I didn't know what strategic planning meant when I was invited. So I set about trying to find out what it was. Later, I learnt it meant setting short and long term goals .\nThe meeting took place in Ms Gallup's room on Tuesday after school. I really didn't know what to expect. I was very nervous ,but I felt very lucky to have been included. I really wanted to do the best I could.\nThe desks in the room were laid out into two circles so that the upper school and lower school could be divided. There were fifteen students in the room. We were directed to discuss how to _ the school, what we'd like to be taught, and what we thought could be improved upon. I felt this was a very important responsibility  as I was representing the fourth grade. So I tried to do the best I could.\nThere were a lot of suggestions on how to improve our school. One student felt that the uniform sweater policy was really important and another student felt that building a paintable field would help improve the school greatly. I suggested that we should have Chinese classes because China is the most highly populated place on Earth with a growing industrial power. We should learn how to communicate with the Chinese .\nWe discussed a lot and sometimes the discussion became heated, but they were interesting. I think it is amazing that the teacher asked the students about their opinions and gave us a voice. It is exciting if they adopt any of our suggestions.", "id": "high22402.txt"}