{"answers": ["D", "D", "C", "A"], "options": [["He is a brother of Andrew Carson.", "He is a close friend of the Carsons.", "He is a student of Judy Carson.", "He is a student who pays to live and have meals at the Carsons' house."], ["Mrs. Morris loved her grandchildren very much.", "Judy had no brothers or sisters to look after her mother.", "The Carsons once suggested that Mrs. Morris go to live in a nursing home.", "Mrs. Morris was coming to live with the Carsons, so they asked the speaker to move."], ["Because she did not want to leave her own house.", "Because she was in rather poor health and could not come.", "Because she did not have a good relationship with her son-in-law.", "Because the speaker lived there and there was no other room for her to live in."], ["Family relationship in Canada.", "The Boarder in Canada.", "Nursing Homes in Canada.", "The children in Canada."]], "questions": ["What is the relationship between the speaker and the Carsons?", "Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage?", "Why didn't Mrs. Morris come to live with her daughter's family?", "Which of the following would be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "I'm a Chinese student studying in Canada. I have been a boarder  with the Carsons for more than a year and a half.\n    The Carsons live in their own house, which has four bedrooms including the one in the basement  which I live in. Judy does all the work in the house and Andrew is responsible for the work in the garden. When they go out in they evening, they often ask me to look after their children.\n    Judy's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Morris, lived in another city. Judy was their only child and naturally they doted on Judy's children. They often sent the children presents.\n    Last April Mr. Morris died. Now that Mrs. Morris was quite alone, I expected that Judy would want her to come and live with them. One day, Margaret, Judy's daughter, told me grandma was coming to live with them and her daddy and mummy would want my room back. The news didn't surprise me and the next day I went to Judy and asked her about it. I said I couldn't think of living in their basement room any longer if it was needed for Mrs. Morris. Judy seemed surprised at first. Then she told me there was no deed for me to move, for they hadn't yet come to any decision about her mother coming to live with them. \"Naturally I'm worried about my mother. She has been in poor health.\" She smiled sadly and added. \"To be honest, Andrew and my mother have never got on well. We'll wait a bit and see what happens. Perhaps Mohter will be all right living herself, or perhaps they will both change their minds.\"\n    That was six months ago. During this time I've heard that Mrs. Morris has had two illnesses and that her health has got worse. A nursing home was mentioned once but Mrs. Morris refused to go there. So up to now she's still living alone and I'm still living in the basement room.", "id": "high22415.txt"}