{"answers": ["A", "A", "B", "D"], "options": [["He didn't want to be late.", "He went crazy because of the bad weather.", "He thought the fog was not serious.", "He had rich experience."], ["Linda was asleep", "the day was about to break", "few people were killed", "the Andrea Doria hit a hole in the Stockholm"], ["Linda hated the trip very much.", "Linda was saved by the Stockholm.", "Linda lived with her father in Spain.", "The Andrea Doria wasn't badly damaged."], ["A little girl's braveness moved people.", "Andrea Doria sailed through thick fog.", "The Italian ship Andrea Doria was hit by Stockholm.", "A fourteenyearold girl was saved by accident after the crash."]], "questions": ["Why didn't Captain Piero Calamai reduce the speed?", "When the accident happened,  _  .", "What can we learn from the text?", "What's the main idea of the passage?"], "article": "Just a few hours ago,the Italian ship Andrea Doria was sailing through thick fog toward the city of New York. Captain Piero Calamai kept watch. He knew that many other ships were nearby. He should have slowed down because of the fog but he decided not to. He wanted to arrive on time the next morning.\nAt about 11:00 PM,another ship,the Stockholm,suddenly hit the Andrea Doria. It made a huge hole in the Italian ship. Some people were badly hurt. Others fell into the sea. But one girl was saved by the Stockholm.\nLinda Morgan was fourteen. She lived in Spain with her mother and her little sister. She was going to visit her father in New York. She was excited about seeing her father.\nLinda had loved the trip. She wanted to have dinner with the captain on the last night at sea. The captain did not sit at his table that night,though. He was busy guiding the ship through the fog. Linda did not get to talk to him.\nWhen Linda went to bed,everything seemed fine. Her mother turned off the lights. Linda talked to her little sister. She thought about seeing her father the next morning.\nWhat happened next was a terrible surprise. Linda woke up not knowing where she was. She was not in her bed. When she called to her family,no one answered. Both her knees were broken.\nLinda had been saved by an amazing accident. When the Stockholm made a hole in the side of the Andrea Doria,it lifted Linda out of her bed. She landed on the deck   of the Stockholm instead of falling into the ocean. A sailor heard her cries and found her.\nRight now,the girl is in the hospital. She is expected to get better. Her father is at her side,glad that his little girl was saved. The Andrea Doria lies under the waves at the bottom of the sea.", "id": "high2242.txt"}