{"answers": ["B", "D"], "options": [["stick to your own opinion until she accepts it", "talk to make her better understand your situation", "have someone else involved to change her mind", "give up your opinion to reach a conclusion"], ["How to Get Along with Your Mum", "How to Understand Your Parents", "How to Take Good Care of Your Parents", "How to Deal With Your Overprotective Mum"]], "questions": ["According to the text, if your mum is overprotective, you'd better  _  .", "What would be the best title for the text?"], "article": "A funny thing about mums is that they always want what is best for their children. Many parents still find themselves worrying when they can't be there to watch over their children, which in turn leads them to be overprotective. Of course, the funny thing about teenagers is that they often feel  _ by overprotective parents, but powerless to make their parents believe that they are really fine and can care for themselves. ks5u\nIn your situation, it might do a world of good to simply sit down with your mum and thank her for caring enough about you. Then let her know that she is worrying needlessly because you aren't involved in any dangerous activities like drinking, using drugs and smoking. Then it is possible to arrive at conclusions that you both feel comfortable with.\nIf you and your mum cannot reach any conclusion, then you might suggest having someone else become involved in your discussions. That will let your mother know that you are serious about this subject. However, you should recognize that you will probably have to compromise on something, so don't expect to be able to tell your mother how you'd like the future to be and expect her to go along with it without question!\nFinally, you might also consider asking your friends how they deal with overprotective parents. There might be something specific in your school or neighborhood that is making parents feel worried about their teenagers. The more you can understand your environment, the more you will know how to prove to your mum that you are safe within it. Try to remember that this is the key to the issue--your mum just wants you to be safe. If you can keep that in mind, you will solve the problem properly.", "id": "high22423.txt"}