{"answers": ["C", "B", "B", "C", "B"], "options": [["In Santa Rosa.", "In Crescent City.", "In Hum t County.", "In Southern California."], ["have a relaxed holiday", "make the wood planters", "paint the pictures of the forest", "plant the young trees they liked"], ["She had three children.", "She got married twice.", "She was older than the author.", "She always painted the Atlantic Ocean."], ["One", "Two", "Three", "Four"], ["the author lives in Sandy's home now", "the author has a deep feeling for Sandy", "Sandy's disease can be probably cured", "the author has married and has two daughters"]], "questions": ["Where did Sandy finish her primary school?", "The author and Sandy went to the forest to   _  .", "What can we learn about Sandy?", "How many sisters did the author have at least?", "We can learn from this passage that   _  ."], "article": "My younger sister Sandy was born on May 30 in Hum t County California. She grew up there in her early years and together we moved to Southern California, and then my parents moved back to Hum t County and this was where Sandy finished primary school and high school. She took her art classes at College of the Redwoods and she became an artist, along with our mother Bea East.\nI lived with her. She painted paintings of the Pacific Ocean and the forest. Their paintings were hung in the art galleries and in the banks and they were sold to people as far as Los Angeles. We called our business Wood Creations. We would go out to the forest and cut down the trees to make wood planters out of them. They were very creative and very beautiful with the plants growing out of them.\nOur business lasted for two years, and I moved away to Santa Rosa and time moved on very fast. Sandy came to live with us in Santa Rosa and together we were going to school to become grocery clerks. She soon moved back to the country and she married and had two children, first Johnny and then Cheri, who was born from another marriage and they moved to Queen City, Missouri.\n   Last year, I was able to go and visit with Sandy, when I first heard that she had cancer. My oldest sister and came to be with Sandy. Also my sister Judi and her two daughters came to be with us. We all rented a room in Kirksville, Missouri at the Days Inn. We all prayed together, and the time we spent together was priceless.\nThis is the precious memories that I keep in my heart. Sandy is now unconscious. She will no longer be in all the pain and she will be in heaven watching over us. God bless you Sandy, rest in the arms of, Jesus.", "id": "high22429.txt"}