{"answers": ["D", "D", "A"], "options": [["Because he knows how to use a notebook and how to play jokes.", "Because he is handsome and has a writing team.", "Because he knows how to make fun of the guests and has some secret nuclear weapons.", "Because he treats the audiences as brilliant adults and knows how to explain complex ideas."], ["a writing team", "a teleprompter", "humor", "motivation"], ["What contributes to Obama's successful speeches.", "How Obama plays tricks for a lighthearted speech.", "How Obama can become a president.", "What Obama has done to make himself successful."]], "questions": ["Why do people think highly of Obama's speeches?", "From the passage, we know that Obama's secret weapons are all these EXCEPT   _  .", "What is the text mainly about?"], "article": "You might say that one reason Barack Obama is president of the US is because he knows how to give a good speech. \nSince 2004, Obama has written and delivered thousands of speeches. These are usually praised for two reasons: he treats the audiences like intelligent adults, and he is able to express complicated ideas in a straightforward, natural way.\nBefore becoming president, Obama was a lawyer, a college professor, and a successful writer---his two memories have become best-sellers. \nWhat's more, he has some secret weapons.\nTeleprompter: Obama doesn't go anywhere without his Teleprompter. The textbook-sized panes of glass holding the president's prepared remarks follow him wherever he goes to speak.\nWriting team: Obama has a team of people who write his speeches. The writers chat with Obama for hours about what he wants to say. They listen to recordings of past presidential addresses and seek advice from advisers. Obama usually edits and rewrites the drafts several times.\nTricks for lighthearted speeches:\nMake fun of the guests: Obama starts his speech by gently teasing his guests. His opening lines grab the audience's attention while giving them an opportunity to relax and laugh at themselves and each other.\nMake fun of yourself: A good rule for speechmakers: If you're going to make a joke about someone else, be sure to make one about yourself, too. Obama mocks  his own poor choices for filling the position of Commerce Secretary, saying, \"No president in history has ever named three Commerce Secretaries this quickly.\" In fact, his first two nominees  for the position withdrew  their names for different reasons. In a process that had otherwise gone smoothly, the Obama Administration was tripped up  by the problem of filling the Commerce seat.", "id": "high22435.txt"}