{"answers": ["A", "C", "B", "A"], "options": [["the death of his parents", "his early education at school", "the poetry of Edmund Spenser", "the criticism from a magazine"], ["read many storybooks", "had a terrible childhood", "died of sickness", "showed strong interest in poetry"], ["Keats hardly received education at school", "Keats once liked Edmund's poetry best", "Endymion was a real love story", "in 1817 Keats spent two months writing a poem"], ["The poem Hyperionmight remain uncompleted.", "Edmund Spenser was the greatest poet in Keats' time.", "It was most likely that Keats rewrote his poem Isabella.", "Keats' family must be very poor when he was young."]], "questions": ["According to the passage, John Keats' attitude towards life was changed by   _  .", "Like his mother, John Keats   _  .", "From the passage, we know that   _  .", "What can be inferred from the passage?"], "article": "Regarded as one of the English language's most naturally gifted poets, John Keats wrote poetry that concentrated on imagery, human nature, and philosophy. Although Keats didn't receive much formal literary education, his own studies and passion brought him much success. Additionally, his own life situation influenced his poetry greatly. \nGrowing up as a young kid in London in a lower, middle-class family, the young John didn't attend a private school, but went to public school in Enfield, near his home. His teachers and his family's friends regarded him as an optimistic boy who liked playing and fighting much more than minding his studies. After his father's death in the early 1800s, followed by his mother's passing away due to illness, he began to view life differently. He wanted to escape the world and did so by reading anything he could get his hands on.\nAt around the age of 16, the teenage John Keats began studying under a surgeon so that he too might become a doctor. However, his literary appetite had taken too much of his time, especially with his addiction to the poetry of Edmund Spenser. He was able to have his first full poem published in the Examinerin 1816, namedO Solitude! If I must with thee dwell. Within two months in 1817, Keats had written an entire volume of poetry that would be published, but criticized sharply in Blackwood's Magazine. However, the negative response didn't stop him.\nJohn Keats' next work to be published was Endymion, which he wrote in 1817 and was published in May 1818. The story involves a boy who falls in love with the moon goddess and leads him on an adventure of one boy's hope to overcome the limitations of being human. FollowingEndymion, he wroteIsabella. During this time, John Keats began seeing his limitations in poetry due to his own limit in life experiences. He would have to have the \"knowledge\" associated with his poems. His next work wasHyperionthat would attempt to combine all he learned. However, a bout with tuberculosis while visiting Italy kept him from his work and eventually took his life in 1821.", "id": "high22430.txt"}