{"answers": ["C", "C", "B"], "options": [["have three basic parts in their system", "are hardly able to heat water above 60degC", "are used widely by people all over the world", "can heat water even on cold and rainy days"], ["it is the cheapest color1 paint", "it can be found easily in daily life", "it can take in more energy than other color1s", "it is good for protecting the metal surface"], ["The history of solar water heaters.", "Knowledge of solar water heaters.", "The advantages of solar water heaters.", "The steps of operating a solar water heater."]], "questions": ["We can learn that solar water heaters   _  .", "The color1 of the collector is black because   _  .", "What is the text mainly about?"], "article": "Solar   water heaters can use energy from the sun to heat water. They are used around the world. The solar water heater is based on a design developed some years ago in Afghanistan. Since then, it has been built and used in many countries. It can heat seventy liters   of water to 60degC. It can do this between sunrise and noon on a clear day with an average temperature of 32degC.\nThere are two parts of the solar water heater. One part, the collector, is made of a metal plate painted black. This metal surface, placed in contact with the water, will heat the water. Black-painted surfaces that receive the sun's heat become hotter than those of any other color1. Metal plates that have raised parts on the surface work better than those without them. Once the water is heated, it is kept hot with special material, which allows the water to stay warm for a long time.\nThe second part of the solar water heater holds the water for the system. This water tank   can hold about one hundred liters of water. Two rubber pipes are connected to the water tank. One pipe lets water go into the system. The other lets water go out.\nWhen the water heater is working correctly, water will flow from the tank to the collector and back again. You can use the hot water at the top of the tank for washing and cleaning. This solar water heater is easy to build and operate. It will last about two years before the rubber pipes need to be replaced.", "id": "high22440.txt"}