{"answers": ["B", "C", "A", "D"], "options": [["must learn several jobs", "begin by receiving on-the-job training", "begin as ticket takers", "have already attended Disney University"], ["Because they want to set a good example for employees", "Because they want to remind themselves of their beginnings at Disney", "Because they want to gain a better view of the company's aims", "Because they want to replace employees on holiday"], ["Tourists learn the history of Disney in its entertainment parks.", "Disney attracts people almost from all over the world.", "Parades are regularly held in Disney's entertainment parks", "Disney's managers are able to do almost all kinds of work in the Disney parks."], ["how Disney employees are trained", "the history and traditions of the Disney enterprises", "why Disney enterprises make a lot of money", "the importance Disney places on serving people well"]], "questions": ["The first day they come to Disney parks, all new employees  _  .", "Why do managers working in Disney parks wear special service clothes in the park?", "Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?", "This passage is mainly about  _  ."], "article": "Thousands of people pass through the gates of Disney's entertainment parks in California, Florida and Japan each year. What makes these places an almost universal place of interest? What makes foreign kings and queens and other important people want to visit these Disney parks? Well, one reason is the way they're treated once they get there. The people at Disney go out of their way to serve their \"guests\", as they prefer to call them, and to see that they enjoy themselves.\nAll new employees, from vice presidents to part-time workers, begin their employment by attending Disney University and taking \"Traditions I\". Here, they learn about the company's history, how it is managed, and why it is successful. They are shown how each department relates to the whole. All employees are shown how their part is important in making the park a success.\nAfter passing \"Traditions I\", the employees go on to do more specialized training for their specific jobs. No detail is missed. A simple job like taking tickets requires four eight-hour days of training. When one ticket taker was asked why it took so much training for such a simple and ordinary job, he replied, \"What happens if someone wants to know where the restrooms are, when the parade starts or what bus to take back to the campgrounds?...We need to know the answers or where to get them quickly. Our constant aim is to help our guests enjoy the party.\"\nEven Disney's managers get involved in the daily management of the park. Every year, the mangers leave their desks and business suits and put on special service clothes. For a full week, the bosses sell hot dogs or ice cream, take tickets or drive the monorail , and take up any of the 100 jobs that make the entertainment park come alive. The managers agree that this week helps them to see the company's goals more clearly. \nAll these efforts to serve the public well have made Walt Disney Productions famous. Disney is considered by many as the best mass service provider in America or the world. As one longtime business observer once said, \"How Disney treats people, communicates with them and rewards them, is the very reason for his fifty years of success... I have watched with great admiration, the theory and practice of successfully selling satisfaction and serving millions of people on a daily basis. It is what Disney does best.\"", "id": "high22459.txt"}