{"answers": ["D", "B", "B", "D"], "options": [["Curious", "Positive", "Satisfied", "Objective"], ["It was full of adventures.", "It was an unpleasant experience.", "It was terribly boring and tiring.", "It was of educational value to him."], ["parking his car", "walking on a path to a cliff", "taking a photo of his family", "standing on the edge of a cliff"], ["the bones of the author's two legs were broken.", "the author waited for 8 hours before the treatment", "the author was taken to the hospital near his home", "the travel of the family lasted about half a month"]], "questions": ["What is the author's attitude towards traveling?", "Why does the author always remember the particular traveling experience?", "The author slipped and fell down when he was   _  .", "From the passage we learn that   _  ."], "article": "Traveling can be a very fun and exciting way to vacation with your family, but it does not always turn out as expected. I have traveled a lot with my family over the years, but some experiences are worth forgetting altogether. I remember a particular traveling experience which sticks out in my mind for the wrong reasons. \nMy dad and stepmom had decided to drive to California for our family vacation. This was supposed to provide educational value, since we would be able to stop along the way and look at various sites in each state. Everything was going as planned until we decided to take a break and stop at the Grand Canyon . I had always wanted to see this exciting place and had decided to write a report on it for my eight-grade English class. We got out of the car and were walking on one of the paths to get to a cliff  so we could take a family photo when I slipped  and fell down. I fell on a piece of rock, and felt great pain run up my leg at once. My dad took me to the nearest hospital and, after an eight-hour wait in the emergency room , found out that I broke two bones in my foot.\nNeedless to say, our vacation was no fun for me because I was in pain during the whole two-week trip. I ended up making an appointment the day we got home to see a doctor for a check-up. That was definitely not what I consider fun or a great vacation, and it really  _ our sightseeing plans.", "id": "high22484.txt"}