{"answers": ["A", "D", "C", "B"], "options": [["To tell us how to be a good leader at work.", "To describe the proper relationship between leaders and employees.", "To inform us of how leaders and employees should communicate.", "To show the optimism of a leader."], ["A good leader learns art very well.", "A good leader can promote employees.", "A good leader can satisfy all his or her employees.", "A good leader can make employees happy and willing in their work."], ["To promote the employee to a leadership role.", "To draw a beautiful picture of the employee's future.", "To encourage the employee to meet the challenges of his work.", "To let the staff know the important role the employee plays."], ["a good leader is always good at creating comfortable working conditions", "the support of employees is necessary for a leader to reach his goal", "names are much easier to remember than job titles", "the motivation of the employees all comes from the leader"]], "questions": ["What's the author's purpose of writing this passage?", "What is the most important to be a good leader?", "What should a good leader do for an employee who wants to succeed at work?", "We can infer from the passage that  _  ."], "article": "Leadership is the art of getting someone to do something you want done because he wants to do it. People naturally want to follow a good leader. After meeting with an effective leader it is not unusual to feel uplifted , inspired, and motivated to work towards a common goal.\nAn effective leader makes others feel good about themselves, as well as the work they are doing. The leader has a vision of what he or she wants to achieve, and can communicate that vision to others in a way that makes people want to be part of it. One thing a good leader typically does is to communicate the big picture, so that each employee can see how the particular role he or she plays makes a contribution to the final result.\nGood leaders are positive and optimistic when they speak about the future. Their enthusiasm wins them plenty of supporters who help make their vision a reality.\nGood leaders also understand that different people are motivated by different things. For employees motivated by a need for achievement, a leader explains how the task offers an opportunity to take on a challenge with an achievable goal. And employees are motivated by hearing how they will be part of a team of people working together.\nGood leaders will introduce employees by name first, rather than job titles. They refer to employees as team members, companions, or colleagues, never as \"servants\". Words have power, including the power to make people feel whether or not they are important to the success of an organization.\nGood leaders believe that every team member matters and set up environments that make everyone feel important. It is no wonder they can attract the support they need to help them achieve their goals.", "id": "high2249.txt"}