{"answers": ["B", "C", "D", "B"], "options": [["They took her on a trip across the country.", "They gave her a memory book of friendship.", "They invited all her friends to her birthday party.", "They asked all her friends to send her cards."], ["disappointed and lonely", "sorry and sad", "surprised and pleased", "nervous and excited"], ["the more friends you have, the better", "friends are more important than family", "understanding leads to greater success", "true friendship is very important to us"], ["Kind.", "Great.", "Polite", "Pleasant"]], "questions": ["How did the author's family celebrate Grandmother's birthday ?", "When receiving her birthday gift, the author's grandmother probably felt   _  .", "According to the passage, the author probably agrees that   _  .", "Which of the following words can best describe the author's grandmother ?"], "article": "Two years ago my grandmother was going to turn 75. My family discussed what was the best way to celebrate. Should we throw her a party ? Should we take her on a trip ? We remembered that she had touched so many people's lives, and there were so many people for her to consider. Then someone got the idea that we should include everyone in the celebration by turning it into a tribute to my grandmother.\nWe secretly sent out letters to the people in Grandmother's address book and asked them to send a letter with a memory that they had shared with her. People sent us letters with poems, stories and pictures. The deep feeling that was shared through the response surprised us. We compiled these letters into a memory book and amazed her with it on the morning of her birthday.\nThe unusual thing about my grandmother's friends was not the number that she had, but the connection they shared. In many ways this book of friendship was the greatest achievement of my grandmother's life.\nI believe that developing true friendships is one of the most important things that anyone can do in one's lifetime. It is not a matter of the number of friends one has, but the quality of the bonds. If one has had at least one true friendship before dying, then one can say one has lived a successful life. I have made many friends and I believe I have begun to develop the same types of friendships my grandmother kept up over her lifetime. I only hope that I will be as successful as she has been.", "id": "high225.txt"}