{"answers": ["D", "C"], "options": [["It's a better way to jump into water to escape the attack of killer bees.", "The Africanized bees did actually increase honey production though aggressive.", "Killer bees didn't attack humans, but animals.", "It is usually not easy for a killer bee to catch up with a healthy adult."], ["killer bees will take the place of European bees before long", "killer bees are sure to increase the production of coffee", "it is difficult to get rid of killer bees", "killer bees have caused great harm to the people there"]], "questions": ["Which of the following statements is true according to the passage?", "We can infer from the passage that   _  ."], "article": "Most people are afraid of bees. Anyone who's been stung by one quickly learns to avoid bees whenever possible. I learned that lesson when, as a child, I ran into a beehive. Dozens of bees attacked, stinging me all over my body. It was a painful incident, but I was lucky. Those bees weren't Africanized, or \"killer\" bees.\nKiller bees are extremely aggressive . When they become upset, they attack. And just about anything like noises, shiny objects, dark clothes can all cause killer bees to attack. When one killer bee stings a victim, it gives off a chemical. Other bees smell this and go into attack mode. The whole hive will aggressively attack the unfortunate victim. Killer bees will also run their victims for up to a quarter of a mile. Some victims have tried to keep away from the bees by jumping into water. But killer bees will wait for them to come up and then continue their attack.\nKiller bees can be found in South America and the southern prefix = st1 /United States. They were created when, in 1956, scientists brought African bees toBrazil. African bees were known to increase coffee production. Some scientists thought that these bees might increase honey production, too. So inBrazil, they tried crossbreeding the African bees with European honeybees. The results were _ \nThe new Africanized bees actually decreased honey production and were very aggressive. Scientists tried to separate the bees, but some of them escaped and began rapidly spreading north. Since then, killer bees have been causing damage to humans, animals and the American honey industry. Over the years, these aggressive killer bees have caused nearly 10,000 people to die.\nWhat's the best thing to do if you are attacked by killer bees? Fortunately, killer bees don't fly very fast. Most healthy adults can outrun them. Experts advise you to cover your face and run!", "id": "high22513.txt"}