{"answers": ["B", "C", "A"], "options": [["if she used the Flex Belt every day", "whether the Flex Belt worked well", "whether the Flex Belt was easy to operate", "if she felt painful while using the Flex Belt"], ["was heartbroken", "was bored", "was very delighted", "was disappointed"], ["hasn't taken exercise as often as before", "has been playing football once a week", "has been to her local gym many times", "has spent a great deal of time in running"]], "questions": ["The most important question the author asked her mother was   _  .", "After the author's mother had used the Flex Belt for some time she   _", "In the past few years the author   _  ."], "article": "Just before Mother's Day I purchased the Flex Belt for my mother to help her lose some weight. I wasn't sure if she was going to like the present but she seemed to love it. I saw the Flex Belt review on the Internet by chance and was very impressed with what I read. It seems that the Flex Belt is helping thousands of people achieve their weight loss goals.\nI asked my mother a few questions about the Flex Belt such as whether this product was easy to use, whether she felt painful while using it and the most important question was whether she lost any weight. She told me that it was so easy to use, and that even a child could operate it. She also said that in the first period of using this product she did feel that it was a little bit magical and she was pleased with the amount of weight she had lost.\nOver the past few years it seems that my fitness routine  has gone downhill . I used to enjoy going to my local gym to do a bit weight lifting, or enjoy meeting up with friends once a week for a game of soccer. Recently I noticed that I became a bit \"round\", so I have started to do some exercise by taking a thirty-to-forty-minute run every morning. I feel like the weight that I have put on especially around my midsection is slowly dropping off. Everyone knows the benefits of having a slim waist but it seems that we don't actually do anything about trying to achieve this. There are a few reasons for this, such as lack of time, not being motivated  enough, or not having enough money to join a gym. So this is the reason I think the Flex Belt is great to own.\nI am happy that my mum loves the present and because the product is working great for my mum, I've decide to get one for myself as well.", "id": "high22526.txt"}