{"answers": ["C", "B", "D", "A"], "options": [["Because you can get some growing pains.", "Because experts also make mistakes.", "Because you can mature by facing and learning from mistakes.", "Because next time you know that money shouldn't be wasted."], ["Before you make any mistake, you had better lock the closet in your room.", "Keep your mistakes in mind in order not to make the same mistakes again in the future.", "Don't go out with some of your friends any more.", "Forget your mistakes and move forward."], ["Think about the reason why we make the mistake.", "Try to correct the mistake.", "Tell others not to make the same mistake as you do.", "Be careful not to do anything."], ["facing mistakes, some people lose heart", "mistakes can be useful", "mistakes can be called growing pains", "Put away money when it is rainy"]], "questions": ["Why does the writer say mistakes can be useful?", "Which statement is true according to the writer?", "When we make any mistake next time, we should do the followings except   _  .", "From the text, we can infer that   _  ."], "article": "If You Make a Mistake, Don't Worry!\n       Yeah, you'll want to forget about them, but mistakes can be useful. Making a mistake doesn't mean it's the end of the world. In real life you have to grow and mature, and with that comes some growing pains.\nYou know you should have studied hard but you went out with some friends instead. You know you should have put the money into the bank for a rainy day instead of spending it on all kinds of things you didn't need. \nIt's the growing pains called mistakes that most people make when they are growing up. Face them. You are going to make them. Learn from them. All of the people you wish to copy, such as all the experts in your business field, have made mistakes. They'll continue to make mistakes for all their successes. \nOne of the major differences between people like them and the vast majority of others is that they don't let their mistakes stop them. Instead, they use their mistakes as learning tools. \nAt the very least, when you make a mistake, you'll know what not to do. And you can help others by warning them of the mistakes you've made. Don't let mistakes stop you from doing anything. Learn from them, don't hide in a closet. Facing up to your mistakes now and later will mature.\nWhat mistakes are you making right now? Take a look at anything you might be doing wrong. Take a step back and evaluate your situation, then fix whatever needs to be corrected. Then move forward. \nAlways remember your mistakes to remind yourself of what not to do for the future.", "id": "high22528.txt"}