{"answers": ["C", "D", "D", "C", "B"], "options": [["She is a traveler.", "She is an actress.", "She is a writer.", "She is a college student."], ["He no longer loved her.", "There were a lot of fights between them.", "He didn't focus on her.", "She became impatient with him."], ["Only once.", "Twice.", "Three times.", "At least twice."], ["Liz married the young actor who starred in a play she wrote.", "Money, work and responsibilities worried people.", "Travelling was one of the ways to heal people.", "Liz married the wise man in Bali."], ["a story in a play", "a story in a film", "a love-story about Liz and Stephen", "an experience in Liz's travelling"]], "questions": ["What does Liz do?", "Why did Liz leave Stephen so soon?", "How many times has Liz been to Bali according to the text?", "Which of the following is true according to the passage?", "The text tells of   _  ."], "article": "Liz isn't happy. Her husband, Stephen, frequently changes jobs, and is unsure of what he wants to do. The new house they bought just a year ago seems like a prison to Liz, and Stephen says he wants to go back to college, she decides that it's the end of her patience with him. Now, since this happens quickly in the film, it's kind of like she just gives up on her husband without much of a fight. She's done, he still loves her, but she quickly moves on to a much younger actor who's starring in a play she wrote. She sees him on stage, and thinks he's saying the words only to her. They are in a relationship. But soon after, she decides that he's not for her. She's unhappy and feels dead inside, and the only way to fix herself is to take a year off and travel.\nLiz has three specific destinations in mind for her journey of self-discovery. First, it's Italy, where she can enjoy a lot of pasta  and sees all the historical sites. Next, she'll head to India to spend time with her young boyfriend's favorite guru . And then she will finish her year off with a visit to Bali where she will reunite with a wise man who told her on a previous trip that she would have two marriages, lose her money, and then gain it back again. \nWith no worries about money or work or responsibilities, she goes off, passing through the lives of various interesting people while telling anyone willing to listen that she's trying to find herself and get over the end of her marriage, which she gave up and immediately turned to another man to get over, who she then gave up on fairly quickly for no apparent reason. So says the film. By the end of the movie, she believes that she has healed herself and discovered what she needed to find out.", "id": "high22527.txt"}