{"answers": ["D", "D", "C", "A"], "options": [["the flood was so violent that no rescue   work could be done", "they were not warned ahead of time by their teachers", "teachers failed to give any instruction when the flood occurred", "they didn't know how to save themselves in face of natural disasters"], ["Ninety-nine pupils were injured in a flood in Heilongjiang Province.", "The pupils were swept away by violent waters while playing with classmates", "Japan is often struck by earthquakes and tornadoes.", "A public safety museum opened in Beijing to help people learn survival skills."], ["A Serious Flood happened in Heilongjiang", "A Good Example Set by Japan", "An Expensive lesson", "Further Tragedies Must be Avoided"], ["Regretful", "Amused", "Questioning", "Objective"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, so many students lost their lives in the flood mainly because   _  .", "Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage?", "Which do you think is the best title for the passage?", "What's the author's attitude toward the pupils who suffered from the flood?"], "article": "Desks and chairs remained in the classroom, but the lovely children have already left us forever. The handprints left on the walls tell us their fear and despair .\nNinety-nine pupils were killed in a flood in Heilongjiang Province on June 10, 2005. They were swept away by violent waters while having class. It was a natural disaster. But the destruction may have been less serious if students had known what to do to save themselves. Some witnesses said most children did nothing but cry when they found no escape route. Under the instruction of teachers, some pupils caught desks and chairs that were floating and survived. But others were so scared that they could not follow what the teachers said.\nEveryone knows that people should mend the fold before the sheep are lost. Preparation for disasters is very important. Schools should be responsible for teaching students survival skills for times of danger. So survival skills and exercises are as important as textbook knowledge.\nJapan has set a good example to us. Even though earthquakes and tsunamis often affect the country, there are usually few deaths and injuries. Survival exercises are held in every Japanese school every year. With different kinds of competitions and training, schools help the students be aware and capable of surviving disasters.\nOn June 16, 2005, a public safety museum opened in Beijing. People can experience disaster like fires and earthquakes, and learn survival skills. Some Beijing teenagers are required to visit the museum. If there were more similar activities in China, further tragedies may be avoided.", "id": "high22539.txt"}