{"answers": ["B", "C", "C"], "options": [["always a best-seller in the UK", "someone's life story normally written by themselves", "a magazine with stories and photos of a star", "a program that tells us the lives of the stars nowadays"], ["they became famous", "they wanted to make money", "they were older and had achieved a lot", "they wanted to share their childhood with the readers"], ["they tell us a lot about the everyday life of famous people", "famous people earn a lot of money by selling them", "they encourage people to read", "we can learn a lot from them"]], "questions": ["An autobiography is_.", "Traditionally, someone would write his autobiography when_.", "The writer probably would agree that autobiographies are good in that_."], "article": "If you take a look at the best-selling books in theprefix = st1 /UKthese days, it is almost certain that there will be a lot of autobiographies in that list. Bill Clinton, Nelson Mandela and actor Michael J Fox have all written them.\n       An autobiography is the story of a person's life, written by that person. It is usually a very famous person who might tell us all about their childhood, how they became famous and any other interesting things that have happened in their lives.\n      Traditionally, someone would write an autobiography when they were older because they had had a long, successful life. However, these days there are many magazines with stories and photos of the stars which sell very well. Reality TV shows are extremely popular and lots of people become famous very easily just from being on the TV rather than being able to sing or act well. As a result, people become famous very quickly and as soon as they are famous, a lot of money can be made from writing an autobiography, even if they are very young.\n       So now you can find an autobiography from almost everyone who is in the public eye. Even though we can follow the lives of the stars very closely on TV or in magazines nowadays, we maybe don't know how they live their lives from day to day. Autobiographies often give the information we never knew about the stars. The British public are very curious to find out more so they are very eager to read autobiographies.\n       Not every star wants to write though. Sometimes stars employ writers to write their life stories for them. The writer will interview the star, listen to everything they want to say, record interviews and then write the book based on their words. David Beckham did this with his book My Side.\n       Not everyone likes to read books regularly but they might like to read about the lives of stars. Autobiographies are helping to get more British people reading books. About 100 million autobiographies are sold inBritainevery year. More stars depend on them for extra income and as more of these books appear in the shops, more people are sure to keep buying them.", "id": "high22536.txt"}