{"answers": ["C", "D", "A", "D", "C"], "options": [["Why animals live in deserts.", "What animals live in deserts.", "How desert animals survive in deserts.", "Desert --- the home of many animals"], ["They have difficulty in passing water.", "They can't find enough food there.", "There is no place for them to live in.", "They can't protect themselves from the heat."], ["stay in cool places in the day.", "eat as much as they can in the day", "hunt at night when it is cool", "reduce as many activities as possible"], ["Insects", "Seeds", "Plants", "Sweat"], ["the rainfall often reaches over 10 inches in total", "plants in the desert store the raindrops in their leaves", "the water-holding frogs lay their eggs in ponds", "the Thorny Devil makes great efforts to drink water"]], "questions": ["What is mainly discussed in this text?", "Why are there few large animals in deserts?", "According to the text, the most widely used way for animals to survive in deserts is to  _   .", "Which of the following is not a source of water to some desert animals?", "We can learn from the text that when it's rainy in Australian deserts,   _  ."], "article": "Living in the desert is really hard! With less than 10 inches of rainfall a year, deserts are dry all year round. Lots of heat from the sun and a shortage of water are just a few of the challenges facing desert animals.\nDeserts are homes to many animals and plants. Few large animals have got used to life in the desert because their size makes it difficult to find shelter from the heat and they can't store water.\nIn order to survive, desert animals have developed a number of ways to live in their special habitat. The most common way is staying under plants or rocks or digging underground in the heat of the day. And many desert animals stay in shelter during the day and hunt at night when it is cool.\nSome animals get the water they need from the insects, plants and seeds they eat, and do not need to drink. They do not have sweat glands  and pass only small amount of waste water.\nSome animals develop their own ways of surviving in deserts. The Thorny Devil is a kind of lizard that lives in Australian desert areas. It has a body that channels raindrops directly into its mouth when it rains. Water-holding frogs spend most of the year underground in Australian desert areas, and develop a sort of cocoon that enables them to store water to keep them going through the dry times. When it rains, they come out to lay their eggs in ponds. The eggs hatch within days and develop quickly, before the water dries out.", "id": "high22535.txt"}