{"answers": ["B", "A", "B", "A", "D"], "options": [["Zyban tablets.", "Nicotine patches.", "Nicotine inhalers.", "Nicotine nasal spray."], ["weaken smokers' wish to smoke", "clear away the nicotine in smokers' bodies", "only be taken on the prescription of a doctor", "stop people from becoming addicted to smoking"], ["a strong-willed smoker must take medication to help stop smoking", "one shouldn't break the Zyban tablet into pieces when taking it", "nicotine patches can be injected into the blood stream", "nicotine gum can be swallowed   like food"], ["overuse of nicotine patches may lead to addiction", "only five types of medications are proven to be useful in fighting smoking", "nicotine patches are the most useful medications in fighting smoking", "nicotine patches have the best effects when taken whole"], ["How to Cure Smoking Addiction", "Why People Become Addicted to Smoking", "New Ways to Help Stop Smoking", "Medication to Cure Smoking Addiction"]], "questions": ["Which of the following medicines can be bought without a prescription?", "Medication can   _  .", "From this passage we can learn that   _  .", "It can be inferred from the passage that   _  .", "The best title for this passage is   _  ."], "article": "There are some strong-minded people that are able to stop smoking today and be free from the addiction the next day. However, some smokers may have to seek help from medication   in order to kick the habit.\n     What medication actually does is to reduce the wish to smoke. Some of the medication must be taken with a doctor's guidance. The five most common medications to stop smoking are Bupropion SR, nicotine gum, nicotine inhalers, nicotine nasal spray and nicotine patches. People can buy nicotine gum and nicotine patches in chemists. However, the other medications require a prescription.\n     Zyban tablets have been found to be highly effective in curing people of smoking addiction. The tablet needs to be taken whole, without crushing  it, as crushing can lead to side effects. It can be bought on the prescription of a doctor.\n     Nicotine patches are filled with nicotine and they are applied to the skin. The skin takes in the nicotine and carries it to the blood stream. The amount of nicotine in these patches is quite limited, not enough to lead to addiction. But you shouldn't take them for dinner. In fact, millions of people have benefited from these nicotine patches.\n     Nicotine gum is supposed to be a safer choice. It is used in such a way that it comes into contact with the blood vessels   in the mouth and then releases the nicotine. The nicotine should not go through the stomach; otherwise, it may cause certain side effects.\n     These different types of medications have to be taken quite carefully. Do ask your doctor before taking any of these.", "id": "high22548.txt"}