{"answers": ["B", "A", "B"], "options": [["have the most trailers connected to them", "throw the most balls into the trailers of the opposing robots", "stand still when throwing balls", "move the trailers as fast as possible to get the balls"], ["to get young people more interested in science and technology", "to get more information about designing and building robots", "to help the organization get more support from many companies", "to show robots' use in receiving balls with trailers"], ["Sports.", "Science.", "Entertainment.", "Customs."]], "questions": ["In order to win the LUNACY competition, the robots need to   _  .", "Dean Kamen's reason for starting this competition was   _  .", "Which part of a website might this passage be from?"], "article": "April 2009, in the state of Georgia, USA, twenty thousand people watched high school students from twenty- eight countries compete with robots they had built. More than ten thousand students and more than five hundred robots took part in the competition. Almost 1,700 high school teams took part \nin the competition called LUNACY.\n     In January, the organization sent the same robots to each team. The teams had six weeks to build robots that could compete in the LUNACY game. The playing area consisted of six robots, three on each team. Each robot had a trailer   connected to it. The robots had to pick up large balls and throw them into the trailers of opposing   robots. The robots were moving on a platform where they could move smoothly. A team from the USA won the LUNACY competition. \n     American inventor Dean Kamen started the competition in 1989 to increase young people's interest in science and technology. The organization holds robotic competitions around the world. It offers programs that help young people learn about science, technology, engineering and maths, and at the same time build life skills. Many companies provide support for the organization. \n     Mr. Kamen says the goal is more than building robots. He says the student competitors showed they could solve difficult technological problems and, he says that it is good news because the world needs creative thinkers to solve the increasingly difficult problems of the future.", "id": "high22547.txt"}