{"answers": ["C", "B"], "options": [["fail to succeed", "be successful", "lose enjoyment", "be unreasonable"], ["Winning the World Cup makes Argentina a football power in the world.", "Winning the World Cup gives weight to Argentina's position in the world.", "Argentina is not important before it wins the World Cup.", "Argentina is world-famous for its football because of its obvious position on the map."]], "questions": ["According to the passage, if a sportsman only thinks about winning, he will  _  .     .", "What does the speaker mean when he says \"In a sense, winning the World Cup put Argentina on the map\"?"], "article": "Nowadays, people have a heated discussion on whether the pressure on international sports players kills the essence   of sport --the pursuit of personal excellence. Children kick a football around for fun. When they get older and play for local school teams, they become competitive but they still enjoy playing. The individual representing his country cannot afford to think about enjoying himself; he has to think only about winning. He is responsible for the entire nation's hopes, dreams and reputation.\nA good example is the football Word Cup. Football is the world's most important sport. Winning the World Cup is perhaps the summit of international sporting success. Mention Argentina   to someone and the chances are that he'll think of football. In a sense, winning the World Cup put Argentina on the map.\nSports fans and supporters get quite _ about the World Cup. People in England felt that their country was somehow important after they won in 1966. Last year thousands of Scots sold their cars, and even their houses, and spent all their money traveling to Argentina, where the finals were played.\nSo, am I arguing that international competition kills the idea of sport? Certainly not! Do the Argentineans really believe that because eleven of their men proved the most skillful at football, their nation is in every way better than all others? Not really, But it's nice to know that you won and that in one way at least your country is the best.", "id": "high22553.txt"}