{"answers": ["C", "C", "A"], "options": [["how television is damaging our health", "how to keep away from watching television", "that television is doing harm to our life", "all of us find it difficult to live without television"], ["To save more time for housework.", "To help them sleep earlier.", "To keep them quiet.", "To help them learn more knowledge from television."], ["television occupies too much of our spare time", "it's easy for us to find some spare time to enjoy the television", "we have less spare time after we have television", "it's difficult to spend our spare time without a television"]], "questions": ["Through the passage, the writer aims to tell us   _  .", "What's the main reason for parents to put the children before a television set?", "By saying \"we never found it difficult to occupy our spare time,\" the writer means   _  ."], "article": "\"Yes, but what did we use to do before there was television?\" How often we hear statements like this! Television hasn't been with us all that long, but we are already beginning to forget what the world was like without it. Before we admitted the \"one-eyed monster\" into our homes, we never found it difficult to occupy our spare time. We used to enjoy civilised pleasures. For instance, we used to have hobbies, entertain our friends and be entertained by them, go outside for our amusements. We even used to read books and listen to music occasionally. Now all our free time is regulated by the \"goggle box\". We rush home for our meals to be in time for this or that programme. A sandwich and a glass of beer will do--anything, providing it doesn't interfere with the programme. The monster demands and obtains   silence and attention. If any member of the family dares to open his mouth during a programme, he is quickly silenced.\nWhole generations are growing up addicted to the television. Food is left uneaten, homework undone and sleep is lost. The television is a universal thing that makes people calm. It is now standard practice for mother to keep the children quiet by putting them in the living-room and turning on the set. It doesn't matter what the children will watch--so long as they are quiet.\nTelevision encourages passive enjoyment. We become content with second-hand experiences. It is so easy to sit in our armchairs watching others working. Little by little, television cuts us off from the real world. We get so lazy, we choose to spend a fine day in semi-darkness. Television may be a splendid medium of communication, but it prevents us from communicating with each other. We only become aware how totally irrelevant television is to real living when we spend a holiday by the sea or in the mountains. In quiet, natural surroundings.we quickly discover how little we miss the King television.", "id": "high22589.txt"}