{"answers": ["A", "D", "C", "D"], "options": [["our brains are wisest between our 40s and 60s.", "we lose many brain cells as we age.", "our brains are at their worst after our 60s.", "people are wiser now than years ago."], ["It is the longest and largest of its kind.", "It has been running since 1956.", "The 6,000 people have been tested at least four times so far.", "Researchers have provided supporting scientific evidence"], ["are slow in verbal memory and numeracy.", "have less ability to solve problems.", "behave better on tests of vocabulary than in their 20s.", "produce more new brain cells than the middle-aged."], ["To suggest ways to preventing aging.", "To help us know more about brain cells.", "To introduce a new research about aging.", "To tell us that we can get wiser with age."]], "questions": ["Science writer, Barbara Strauch, believes that   _  .", "What is NOT true of this new research?", "According to the new research, older people   _  .", "What is the author's purpose of writing this passage?"], "article": "Have you ever walked to the shops, only to find when you get there that you've completely forgotten what you go for? Or have you struggled to remember the name of an old friend? For years, we've accepted that a forgetful brain is as much a part of aging as wrinkles  and grey hair. But now a new book suggests we've got _ all wrong.\n     According to The Secret Life Of The Grown-up Brain, by science writer, Barbara Strauch, our brains actually get better with age. In fact, she argues many new studies have found that the brain hits its peak   between our 40s and 60s --much later than previously thought.\n     Furthermore, not losing many brain cells as we age, we preserve them, and even produce new ones well into middle age. For years it's been accepted that the brain, much like the body, got worse with age. But the longest, largest study into what happens to people as they age  suggests otherwise.\n     This continuing research has followed 6,000 people since 1956, testing them every seven years. It has found that, on average, they performed better in cognitive tests in their late 40s and 50s than they had in their 20s. Specifically, older people did better in tests of vocabulary, spatial orientation   skills, verbal memory (how many words you can remember) and problem solving.\n     Where they were weaker was in numeracy   (how quickly one can multiply, add, subtract and divide) and the speed at which they could move. However, with harder tasks, such as problem-solving and language, we are at our best at middle age and beyond. In short, researchers are going to come up with scientific evidence that we do get wiser with age.", "id": "high22621.txt"}