{"answers": ["B", "B", "A", "D"], "options": [["He wants to ask people to respect the disabled.", "He intends to call on people to do exercise.", "He wants people to know the importance of exercise for the disabled.", "He wants to explain what healthy lifestyles are."], ["lower risk of heart disease", "better muscle control", "less chance of getting diabetes", "less chance of having high blood pressure"], ["disabled man", "doctor", "coach", "athlete"], ["Water can provide nutrients for us to improve skin tone.", "Extreme sports have little to do with normal people.", "One can enjoy recreation and the pleasure of life by doing extreme games.", "We can have more energy to do things in our everyday life if we strengthen our physical well-being."]], "questions": ["What's the author's purpose of writing the passage?", "According to the passage, physical activities bring benefits to humans EXCEPT   _  .", "The author is most probably a (n)   _  .", "What do we learn from the passage?"], "article": "At the recent O&P Extremity Games, I had the opportunity to observe a new generation of athletes with disabilities who were skateboarding and rock climbing. These young people really showed the promise of how rewarding physical activities are! We disabled can - and should be -- as active as anyone else. When we get and stay active, we will feel better, be able to do more, have healthier bodies, and look better. It is a fact that exercise actually produces energy and builds on itself. The more we exercise, the fitter our bodies are, and thus the more energy we have to enjoy recreation and the pleasure of life.\n   Not everyone is cut out to be a competitive athlete, but there are things that we can do to strengthen our physical well-being. Experts recommend that spending as little as 30 minutes each day on physical activities provides benefits including lower risk of heart disease, cancer, high blood pressure, diabetes   and other serious diseases. Taking steps to become physically fit does not have to mean acquiring expensive training equipment or a gym membership. Exercise can include simple walking and running, gardening, cleaning the house, swimming, tennis, bicycling (stationary or on the road) and so on. The key is to do it on a regular basis.\n   Healthy lifestyles also require good nutritional habits. When choosing foods, nutritionists advise whole grains, flesh fruits and vegetables, fish, and lean   cuts of poultry and meat. The benefits of drinking eight full glasses of water a day are also  _ . Water provides the means for nutrients to travel to all our organs, improves skin tone   , regulates body temperature and contributes to muscle strength and control, which is confirmed by scientists.\n   Fitness results in completing the tasks of daily living, working a full day, and still having energy to participate in recreational activities. By being fit, you'll find that you enjoy recreational activities even more because you won't be tired or suffer from gore muscles.\n   It is time, folks, to get moving. So let's all get out there and do some exercise!", "id": "high22623.txt"}