{"answers": ["B", "D", "C"], "options": [["How to predict earthquakes.", "What to do during an earthquake.", "The damage an earthquake can cause.", "The factors that cause an earthquake."], ["Stay inside.", "Head for a stairway.", "Hide under a strong piece of furniture.", "Run outside immediately."], ["Stop where you are and get out of the car.", "Leave the car and run away.", "Keep on driving until you're off it.", "Stop under the bridge and stay inside your car."]], "questions": ["What does the passage mainly tell us about?", "What should you do if you are on the first floor of a building?", "What should you do if you're driving on a bridge during an earthquake?"], "article": "An earthquake is literally an earth-shattering experience! There you are enjoying an afternoon nap, having a cup of coffee in the morning, or even sleeping on a cold winter night when -- WHAM! -- the entire crockery   shelf  _ , and all the plates and cups break into pieces. A painting on the wall nearly knocks you down as it falls.\n     What should one do in an earthquake? The prime-time  news gives no warning, nor is there a time of year, like the monsoon   season, when an earthquake always occurs. Unlike a tornado or hurricane, there is no known way of predicting an earthquake.\n     Though about 500, 000 earthquakes occur each year, only 100 of them cause damage! However, an earthquake can strike any time of the day or night, so it needs to be prepared for when you have the misfortune of being caught in the middle of one.\n     If you're indoors, stay indoors, unless you're on the ground floor, where you can easily run outside. The best thing to do if you're indoors is to hide under a strong piece of furniture like a bed or desk. Do not head for the stairway if you're living on an upper storey, because stairways can collapse.\n     If you're driving, get out of traffic and stop on a wide and open road. Do not stop on a bridge, or in another case, under one. Stay inside your car until the shaking stops. Before you restart driving, look out for fissures  , breaks in the road, and bumps or cracks. Inside your home, be careful not to turn on the gas until you' re sure the cylinder   is safe, and there is no leak.\n     Avoid using your telephone unless there's an emergency. You could be occupying lines that are needed by other people.\n     Lastly, if you're not trapped or seriously hurt, do not expect fire fighters, army or police to help you. They may be busy rescuing people in greater need than you!", "id": "high22625.txt"}