{"answers": ["B", "D", "B"], "options": [["They don't like to work in companies offering low wages.", "Their opportunities are limited and their salary is lower.", "There are fewer females admitted to Oxford University.", "They refuse to work in banking and finance fields."], ["They themselves don't like working on.resource management.", "They themselves think they are superior to boys in all sides.", "They themselves think men and women are born equal.", "They themselves think they are not good as boys."], ["RBS and BP will admit females from now on.", "RBS will create more job chances for girls in future.", "RBS will be the only choice for female undergraduates.", "All female undergraduates from Oxford can apply for RBS."]], "questions": ["What is the worrying situation for female undergraduates?", "What is the mistaken idea for female undergraduates?", "What can we learn from the last aragraph?"], "article": "Oxford University has introduced confidence classes for female students to get them to compete for jobs in future and win chances to work in best companies.\nThey may be young and gifted but research at the excellent institution has found that female undergraduates are shying away from applying to jobs in banking, finance, management consultancy , engineering and resource management. Partly as a result, starting salaries for women when they graduate are on average PS2,000 to PS3,000 lower than their male counterparts. \n\"Women are earning less on leaving Oxford. It is ridiculous,\" said JonathanBlack, the careers service director at the university. \"We have high quality, high achieving students of both genders. But it appears that women are selecting lower paid jobs. They accept more prejudice in certain industries and are saying I won't struggle for that really high paid job'. We are not trying to push loads of women but we are trying to say, you should feel able to apply for these sorts of jobs. Boys seem to have a more self-confidence and see the bigger picture generally, even when their self-belief is not necessarily based on any greater academic advantage.\"\nThe four-day programme at Oxford will help 45 female undergraduates improve their self-confidence and decision making, think positively and build on their strengths. Confidence training will teach them how to deal with opposition and challenging situations. \nSuccessful female employees from RBS and BP, which are supporting the course, will talk about their lives and careers. RBS's involvement follows a promise by the bank toincrease its national percentage of female graduate applications from 35 percent to 50 per cent by 2014.", "id": "high22630.txt"}