{"answers": ["C", "A", "B", "A"], "options": [["Warm-hearted and crazy.", "Friendly and confident.", "Kind and determined.", "Sensitive and honest."], ["He took great trouble in finding the owner.", "He got himself into big trouble in finding the owner.", "His friends were all willing to help him find the owner.", "He has a friend working for China Radio International."], ["A Chinese language learner.", "An excellent actress.", "A good housewife.", "A super movie star."], ["Flea market treasure finds its way home", "A touching story happening in a flea market", "A wonderful and honest Chinese actor", "A sad story about a girl"]], "questions": ["Which of the following can best describe Wang Weiguo?", "What can we infer about Wang Weiguo?", "What was Joanna Syson's mother?", "What is the best title of the text?"], "article": "Wang Weiguo, an award-winning actor of the National Theatre Company of China, was wandering through Bejing's Panjiayuan Flea Market when he found a treasure, 20 exquisite   picture frames . He bought them all.\nInside the frames was a woman's life story. There were pictures of her as a baby and a growing child and pictures with her parents. Wang Weiguo was sure someone had lost them. He contacted the police and media. He showed them to friends and to people living outside China. No one recognized the people in the photographs.\nThat was 1999. Wang never gave up the search. In 2010 he told the story to a TV host, Zhang Zequn, who suggested he contact China Radio International. Within three months of the story's being posted on CRI, someone recognized Julie Ege in one of the photographs. The wonderful Norwegian actress and model was the mother of the child whose growing years the photos traced.\nThe child was Joanna Syson. She moved to Beijing in the 1990s to study Chinese. In 1999 she returned to Norway for six months, entrusting   all her belongings, including the photographs, to a friend. When she returned, the friend was gone. So were her belongings. She was heartbroken.\nMore than a decade passed. Then, thanks to the story posted on CRI and to a visitor to the website, the trail   finally led to Joanna Syson. She traveled to Bejing to meet Wang Weiguo, who had searched for her for 12 years, and to recover her treasured photographs.", "id": "high22648.txt"}