{"answers": ["D", "A", "D"], "options": [["She wanted to make enough money for her higher education.", "She wanted to change her personality before going to university.", "She wanted to get some work experience.", "She wanted to find a clear aim for her higher education."], ["just laughed and joked about herself", "tried to hide her pain through laughing", "was quite upset and didn't know what to do", "couldn't help becoming excited"], ["To describe his working experience before going to college.", "To describe his friendship with a girl.", "To describe some of his embarrassing situations.", "To tell us how he learned to deal with embarrassing situations."]], "questions": ["Why did the author work at a hotel before going to university?", "When she fell down carelessly resulting in a mouth full of snow, the girl  _  .", "What's the writer's purpose of writing this passage?"], "article": "I could fill a book with embarrassing situations I've been in over the years. These moments used to haunt   me and my face would turn as red as a big tomato.\n  It wasn't until I was in my late teens, working at a hotel that things changed for me. I took a year off in between high school and university, because like many people my age I had  ly no idea what I wanted to do, and I didn't want to waste $ 5,000 on a university tuition .\n  I tried to keep silent at my new job, avoiding the other employees. All of them didn't care about me except for one girl. She kept at me, telling me stories of her weekend and how she loved snowboarding, something I was interested in as well. She was the type of warm personality where people were immediately drawn to her, and soon enough I found myself looking forward to our coffee breaks and snowboarding after work. The more I hung out with her, the more I realized that this girl, who seemed to have it all together, was in fact just like me, except for one major difference. She laughed at herself.\nOne night after work we were snowboarding and she fell down carelessly resulting in a mouth full of snow. Instead of getting embarrassed she jumped right up laughing loudly at how ridiculous she must have looked. As time went on, her warm personality began to wear off  on me and soon enough I had a mini-breakthrough. I'm not saying that I no longer find myself in embarrassing situations; I've just learned how to handle them differently. Just a few months ago I walked out of a bathroom unaware of the fact that my skirt was tucked  in my underwear. But instead of rushing back to the bathroom I calmly pulled it out and continued on my way shaking my head and smiling.", "id": "high22646.txt"}