{"answers": ["B", "C", "D", "D"], "options": [["make the instant noodles more delicious", "stop the noodles from sticking together", "help keep the noodles from going bad", "make it easy to cook the instant noodles"], ["put on some weight", "save a lot of time", "catch some illness", "save much money"], ["Learn how to choose the right instant noodles.", "Take instant noodles as breakfast every morning.", "Eat instant noodles as soon as they buy them.", "Have healthy food instead of instant noodles."], ["want to do some research on instant noodles", "make a living by selling instant noodles", "plan to invent a new kind of instant noodles", "like instant noodles and eat them often"]], "questions": ["People use wax coating when making instant noodles to   _  .", "According to the passage, if people eat instant noodles too often, they will probably   _  .", "What does the author call on people to do?", "The passage is mainly written for people who   _  ."], "article": "It is very easy to cook instant noodles   in a short time by putting the noodles into the boiling water. However, have you ever thought whether it is the right way of cooking instant noodles? \nWhen we first took out the noodles, we can notice that the noodles are joined together nicely as a piece. However, few people know that when the instant noodles are made, wax coating   will be put on the noodles. The wax coating on the instant noodles is used to prevent the noodles from sticking together. It makes the noodles look very nice.\nResearches have shown that the wax coating on the noodles is quite harmful   to our health. If you eat the instant noodles today, you'd better wait for several days before you eat instant noodles next time since our bodies need about 3 days to clear the wax coating away from our bodies. Do you know the consequence   of having too much wax coating in our bodies? It will lead to cancer if the wax coating is stored in our bodies for a long time.\nSo it is very important to wash away the wax coating on the instant noodles if we don't want our bodies to be in danger. You can do like this: 1. Wash the instant noodles with warm water first, and then pour away the water containing the wax coating. 2. Repeat Step 1 and try to stir   the noodles to wash away the wax coating on the noodles before cooking it in a new pot of water.\nI hope this passage will make those who enjoy eating instant noodles and eat the instant noodles often know about the hidden danger of instant noodles. Although the instant noodles are very easy to cook and help us save a lot of time, I still don't think it healthy to eat them too often or too much. Why not say \"No\" to instant noodles and have some healthy food?", "id": "high22640.txt"}