{"answers": ["C", "A"], "options": [["helps us save some money.", "spare time for other activities", "increase our experience of happiness", "give us more time to consider buying things."], ["Repetition results in pleasure.", "Smiles fool others' mood.", "Animals add to your stress.", "Spending time outside harms your spirit."]], "questions": ["According to the writer, buying things one at a time can   _  .", "Which of the following is right?"], "article": "Do you know how to be happy? Here are six ways for you to find more pleasure in your life.\nPlay that song you love so much. As a preschooler can tell you, repetition can lead to pleasure. When you experience something more than once, you notice more details about it each time, and it increases your enjoyment. That's why you love revisiting that jazz club, favourite restaurant, and beloved old Woody Allen movie. Of course, you can overdo it.\nDon't buy boxed sets of DVDs. Economist  Tyler says that much of the joy we get from our buying lies in the experience of finding them out, getting them home, and opening them up. If you receive 18 DVDs in one package, you'll use up the excitement all at once. Buy things one a time and space out the pleasure.\nLook outside. People long ago spent almost all of their time outside with trees, water, and sky around. The world in which most of us spend our time nowadays is unnatural and can harm the spirit. Even being close to nature for a short time can make us happy.\n _ . Physical contact with animals works wonders. You can pet an animal. It increases the brain chemicals connected with pleasure and decreases those connected with stress . Even people without pets can get some of the effect by hanging out for a few minutes at a dog shelter.\nSmile. Well, like it or not, smiling improves your mood. Here's why: people react better to you when you look happy, which in turn leads you to be happy. What's more, looking happy fools your brain into thinking that you are happy.", "id": "high22651.txt"}