{"answers": ["B", "C", "C", "B"], "options": [["In England.", "InAmerica.", "InTexas.", "InManitoba."], ["History.", "English.", "Zoology.", "Calculus."], ["She likes to stay alone all by herself.", "Her parents know little about her university.", "She may not good at writing.", "She must be very busy every day."], ["She doesn't like the other three roommates.", "She is not open enough to be friendly.", "She doesn't like the way the author treats her.", "She isn't from the same states as the others."]], "questions": ["Where is the author of the above passage now?", "Which subject does the author regard the most difficult?", "What can we know about the author from the above passage?", "Why is Heather a pain for the author?"], "article": "Thanks for bringing me down here to the university last Sunday. Classes didn't start until Wednesday, so I had a few days to get adjusted. I'm signed up for five classes: zoology, calculus, English, and two history sections. It's a heavy load, but they are all courses that will count for my degree. The zoology class which meets at 8:00 every morning is going to be my hardest subject. The history class that I have in the morning is on Western Civilization; the one in the afternoon is on early prefix = st1 /United Stateshistory, our ancestors' life. Calculus which I have at noon every day looks like it's going to be easy. Besides zoology, the other class that's going to be hard is English, for you see, we have to do a composition a week.\nI like all of my classmates but one. There are four of us in our suite including two girls from Texas and a girl from Manitoba. Sally who is fromSan Antoniois great: I feel like I've known her all my life. I also really like Anne who is the girl fromManitoba. Heather the other girl fromTexasis kind of a pain, though; she's one of those types of people who never tell you what's bothering them and then get hostile. I don't know how to get along with her but I'll try my best to make friends with her. This I take as one other class I myself open. All in all, though, it looks like it's going to be a great year. I'll write again in a week or so.", "id": "high22661.txt"}