{"answers": ["C", "B", "A", "C"], "options": [["the human body has changed compared with human first appeared on earth", "the way we live has changed a little", "our body can't deal with the changes in lifestyles", "the way we live today are proper for the human body"], ["Ancient people did a great deal of physical exercise.", "Food is quite different between life today and life in ancient times.", "People today have more tobacco.", "People today have a lot of alcohol."], ["wild animals,fresh wild vegetables and fruits", "grain foods and farm animals", "salt and sugar", "milk and other dairy products"], ["protein and vitamin C", "milk and grain foods", "a huge amount of fatty,salty and sweet foods", "wild animals ,vegetables and fruits"]], "questions": ["New kinds of sicknesses have been found because  _  .", "What is the main cause mentioned in the article why people today suffer from a lot of new sicknesses?", "Stoneage people were much healthier than people today because they ate a lot of  _  .", "From this article,we know that  _  are not good to our health."], "article": "Two American scientists told the people in industrial  nations that they would be much healthier if they ate more of the same kind of foods eaten by humans living more than 10,000 years ago.\nThe scientists say that the human body has changed very little since human first appeared on the earth,but the way we live has changed greatly. Our body has not been able to deal with these changes in lifestyles and this has led to new kinds of sicknesses. These new sicknesses were not known in ancient times. So they are called \"diseases of civilization \".Many cancers and diseases of the blood system,including heart attacks and strokes are examples of such diseases.\nScientists noted  that early stoneage people used very little alcohol  or tobacco ,probably none. Ancient people also got a great deal of physical exercise,but a change in food is one of the main differences between life in ancient times and life today.\nStoneage people hunted wild animals for their meat ,which had much less fat than farm animals. They also ate a lot of fresh wild vegetables and fruits. They did not use milk and other dairy products ,and they made very little use of grains . But today,we eat a large amount of dairy products and grain foods. We eat six times more salt than stoneage people. We eat more sugar. We eat twice as much fat but only one third as much protein and much less vitamin C.\n People today probably do not want to live as people thousands of years ago did,but scientists say that we would be much healthier if we ate as those ancient people did,cutting the amount of fatty,salty and sweet foods.", "id": "high22675.txt"}