{"answers": ["C", "C", "D"], "options": [["How to make your day stress free.", "Biochemical sensing techniques.", "Smart clothes that track your health.", "New advancement in the medical field."], ["take one's body temperature", "take electrocardiograms of a patient", "take measurements from fluids", "make physiological measurements of a patient"], ["environment", "fashion", "education", "medicine"]], "questions": ["What is the text mainly about?", "The new function of the smart garment is that it can   _  .", "Garments mentioned in the passage are probably most useful in the field of   _  ."], "article": "It is 7 o'clock in the morning. You check yourself in the mirror, adjust your collar, and consider the busy day ahead. But at least you know that the stress won't damage your health, for this is no ordinary set of clothes you are wearing. Set within the fabric are numerous sensors, constantly monitoring your vital signs. If danger signs are detected, the garment is programmed to contact your doctor and send a text message telling you to take it easy.\n Garments that can measure a wearer's body temperature or trace their heart activity are just entering the market, but the European project BIOTEX weaves new functions into smart textiles.  _ biosensors in a textile patch can now analyse body fluids, even a tiny drop of sweat, and provide a much better assessment of someone's health.\nJean Luprano, a researcher at the Swiss Centre for Electronics and Microtechnology (CSEM), coordinates the BIOTEX project. \"One of the most obvious applications for smart fabrics is in the medical field,\" he says. \"There has been a good deal of progress with physiological measurements, body temperature or electrocardiograms . But no one has yet developed biochemical sensing techniques that can take measurements from fluids like sweat and blood. We are developing a suite of sensors that can be integrated into a textile patch. The patch is a sensing and processing unit, adaptable to target different body fluids and biochemical species. At the very least, some basic biochemical  analyses could complement the physiological measurements that can already be monitored. In some circumstances, fluidic analysis may be the only way to get information on a patient's health status.\"", "id": "high22672.txt"}