{"answers": ["A", "A", "B", "D", "C"], "options": [["A general introduction of Canada.", "The size of Canada.", "The population of Canada.", "Some important cities in Canada."], ["important", "necessary", "comfortable", "different"], ["Many of the cities bordering the US are large and modern.", "Most of the Canadians live along the west and east coast.", "Natural gas is an important industry to the people in the east.", "Quebec and Ontario are the center for heavy industry."], ["the land to the north is good for farming", "people are leaving for the countryside because of the quietness.", "the population in rural areas is growing fast", "there are plenty of natural resources in the north of the country"], ["it is convenient for people to travel in Canada", "Canada exports grain to other countries", "Canada's fishing industry is not developed", "Canada is thought of as a country of forest."]], "questions": ["What does the passage mainly tell us about?", "What does the word \"diverse\" probably mean in this passage?", "Which of the following is NOT TRUE according to the passage?", "It can be inferred from the passage that   _  .", "The following details about Canada are all true EXCEPT   _  ."], "article": "Canada is the second largest country in the world after Russia. It stretches from the Atlantic to the Pacific, and from the high Arctic  to the northern border of the continental U.S.A. Although very much a \"northern\" country, the geography of Canada is very  _ . As well as the popular image of Canada as a country of forests, there are also deserts and badlands , rain forests and long and wide beaches. Canada has huge inland lakes, evergreen forests, woodlands and meadows. Canada's coastlines are thousands of miles long, with long, wild rivers leading to the oceans.\nIn contrast  to the expanses of open country, Canada also has its share of urban areas. The majority of the population and heavy industry is in the two provinces of Quebec and Ontario, but large and modern cities are spread across the land from the Atlantic to the Pacific, all within a few hours drive, at most, from the border with the United States. Business is active throughout the country, The Prairie Provinces with their vast fields of grain help to feed the world. The fisheries on both the West and the East Coast are widespread. Oil and natural gas have recently been discovered off the East Coast. The Trans-Canada Highway links the country from coast to coast, there is an extensive  network of railways, and a widespread network of airline routes serving both major and remote  communities.\nThe rural areas are less populated, with more and more people leaving for the larger towns and cities. The lands to the north are much less developed, but as some of these areas are used for their plenty of natural resources, populations are growing.", "id": "high22686.txt"}