{"answers": ["D", "A", "C"], "options": [["encourage young people to explore the Arctic", "present the Arctic terrain to geography classes", "study the cause of climate change in polar region", "raise awareness of the damage that climate change is causing in polar regions"], ["Sam Branson, a member, is skilled at travelling in the Arctic.", "Steger, the leader is a great environmental expert.", "Ekran, a member, is the second woman to have reached the North Pole.", "All the members are experienced Arctic explorers."], ["Because it will be the first time for him to go that far north.", "Because the sea ice in that region should still be frozen.", "Because the geography there has changed due to warmer temperatures.", "Because they will go there by boat instead of by sledge."]], "questions": ["It can be inferred that the aim of the dogsled trip is to_.", "Which of the following statements about Steger's team is TRUE?", "Why does Steger NOT know what they will see during their trip?"], "article": "Do you want to see the effects of global warming? Then head north. Recent studies indicate that the North Pole could be underwater during the summer in less than 10 years, instead of coated in thick sea ice. But seeing the Arctic terrain   up close isn't easy, unless you're handy with a dogsled. Steger is going to take all of us there.\nSteger, 64, is a great polar explorer. He was the first person to make a dogsled trip to the North Pole, and is also a devoted environmentalist who was early to ring the alarm bell on global warming.\nSteger is about to lead a team of six young adventurers on a 1, 400-mile, 60-day-long dogsled trip across Ellesmere Island, in the Canadian Arctic. The sea ice in that region should still be frozen. \"We want to take our audience to the front lines of global warming, \" says Steger. The team will be uploading videos, stories and photos to the website  _ as they march along, allowing armchair adventurers and kids in classrooms to follow their progress day to day.\nSteger's team will include some already-famous young explorers. Sam Branson, 22-year old, is an experienced Arctic traveler. Also on the journey will be 27-year-old Norwegian Sigrid Ekran. Last year Ekran become only the second woman in history to win Rookie   of the Year for the Iditarod Sled Dog Race.\nWhat they will see may be surprising. Even Steger doesn't know exactly what to expect. Climate change has already reshaped the geography of the Arctic. \"Within a decade or less, it's going to be impossible to reach the North Pole by dog team, without flotation  , \"says Steger.", "id": "high22682.txt"}