{"answers": ["B", "D"], "options": [["To make readers interested in great basketball players.", "To give a brief introduction to Lin's road to an outstanding basketball player.", "To list Lin's wonderful performances in NBA team.", "To praise Jeremy Lin for his skills and determination."], ["His devotion to basketball", "His father's influence", "His years of hard work", "His graduation from Harvard University"]], "questions": ["What might be the author's purpose in writing the text?", "Which of the following is of little help in Lin's success?"], "article": "February4, 2012 saw the take-off of a new rising NBA star- Jeremy Lin.\nAmong professional basketball players, Jeremy Lin's background is not typical. He graduated from Harvard University, which sends few players to the NBA, and he is the only Chinese-American NBA player. But when you watch him on the court, there is no doubt that he belongs there. He moves with speed and grace that demonstrate years of faithful practice, which is fueled by a love for basketball.\nLin's enjoyment to basketball actually began in Taiwan. When Lin's father moved to U.S., his interest in the sport only grew and he passed on this love of basketball to his son, introducing him to the game at the age of five. The young Lin spent much of his youth playing basketball for fun.\nIn high school, Lin dreamed of playing in the NBA. When he applied for college, he was not offered a single sports scholarship. However, after his admission to Harvard ,he was offered a place on its college basketball team.\nDuring Lin's time at Harvard, his basketball career began to speed up. He scored 1,482 points, making him one of the highest scorers in Ivy League history.\nWhen he graduated, no professional teams offered Lin a contract, but he was invited to play in the NBA Summer League. He played well and ended up eagerly signing a contract with the Golden State Warriors.\nAt first, playing in professional games filled Lin with excitement. He treasured opportunities to meet players he had been watching on TV for years. But slowly, the excitement wore off and was replaced by anxiety. In a few very difficult months, he was cut by two teams before the New York Knicks picked him up.\nBut he had the courage and determination to stick to his dream, so he put himself into hard training to get ready for his opportunity to come, Then his moment arrived on February4, 2012,on which his excellent performance made him famous overnight. After that, he led the Knicks to their fifth straight victory.\nThe Associated Press called Lin\"the most surprising story in the NBA.\"Knicks fans developed the nickname for him\"linsanity\" .Time magazine released its 2012 list of the 100\"Most Influential People in the World\",Jermy Lin included.", "id": "high22688.txt"}