{"answers": ["D", "A", "A", "B"], "options": [["The writer's car prevented her from driving out.", "There were too many cars parked on her way.", "Other drivers wouldn' t let her car back out.", "Some drivers weren't patient when she backed out."], ["seemed scared and didn't know how to deal with it.", "didn't pay attention to their action.", "turned to the writer for help", "drove her car back and parked it where it used to be"], ["comforted  her and guided her to drive out", "offered to drive her car out of the parking area", "told her to use her rear view mirror", "stood by smiling and watched her driving by"], ["politeness and wisdom", "patience and wisdom", "bravery and kindness", "rudeness and patience"]], "questions": ["What was the difficulty the woman met with when she wanted to leave?", "Faced with such a situation, the lady  _  .", "Noticing the woman's difficulty, the driver   _  .", "Compared with the writer, what the other drivers lacked  was  _  ."], "article": "Recently we've had a popular department store open in our area. It's been the talk of the town for months. On about the third day of the grand opening, I thought I'd stop by to check it out. I noticed right away that the parking area was very busy.\nAs I was about to exit my car, a lady was about to enter her car to leave. She was parked on the opposite side of me and there was a four way stop behind our parking areas. As the lady tried to back out to leave, some of the shoppers were extremely rude to her. They shouted and beeped their horns  at the lady and she had a look of terror on her face. She looked at me and threw up both of her hands as if she didn't know what to do.\nI gestured  for the lady to put her window down and I told her that she was doing just fine. She smiled and seemed to relax. I then became her rear view mirror as it was hard for her to see behind her while backing out of the parking space. As I watched for safety, she was able to back out enough to drive forward.\nAt this point, she was smiling broadly!She thanked me many times. I felt that many of the other drivers weren't sympathetic  enough toward. I was happy to help that lady. Besides that, who knows, we may have avoided a potential accident with this simple act of patience and kindness.", "id": "high22691.txt"}