{"answers": ["A", "C"], "options": [["peace", "enjoyment", "respect", "friendship"], ["Kindness is important.", "Friendship is important.", "Good manners are important.", "People with bad manners can't live well."]], "questions": ["People with good manners bring society   _  .", "What's the main idea of the passage ?"], "article": "Good manners play an important part in maintaining peace in society. A man with good manners doesn't hurt others' feelings, and therefore he's on good terms with everyone. In this way he helps to keep the peace in society.\nBut a man with bad manners has no respect for others. He uses words carelessly and behaves rudely towards others and causes a lot of unpleasantness. In the end, he himself will suffer the most. Everyone avoids him and he is forced to live alone.\nTo live well in society, money alone is not enough. Even the richest man cannot afford to have bad manners. He may have enough money to buy all things he wants; but if his manners are bad, he will have no friends, and no one can live happily without friends.\nWe should have good manners, for it's human nature to try to get friendship; and friendship has to be earned  through our own attitude towards others. If we are kind to others, they will be kind to us, and kindness is the most basic quality of good manners. Bad manners drive away friends as well as our own family members.\nOn the other hand, a man with good manners has many friends. He commands the respect of all those who come into contact with him. He doesn't talk ill about others. Even when he's _ , he tries his best not to upset others. He also feels sorry about the weak and the disabled.\nThere are, however, many people who behave so well outside their homes that they are respected by everyone outside. But in their own homes they are worse than the devil . Such people cannot be said to have good manners. Their behavior will soon be discovered by others.\nIf one's manners are good, one behaves well everywhere, even when one is away from the critical eyes of others. Only such a person can live well in society.", "id": "high227.txt"}