{"answers": ["C", "A"], "options": [["prove the restaurant has a long history", "advise us to do more exercise", "stress the restaurant's being unusual", "express his fondness of the restaurant"], ["has an environment-friendly power supply", "is in great need of electricity", "serves various kinds of German food", "receives lots of customers every day"]], "questions": ["By mentioning such events as MBWC and BFUBM, the author intends to   _  .", "According to Dirk Behringer, his restaurant   _  ."], "article": "You can have your adventure and eat too at Europe's first green restaurant where traditional German food is served in a beautifully lit wooden hilltop restaurant powered by solar energy at a height of 1,025 metres among tall trees in the Black Forest.\n   The Rappenecker Hutte is a 350-year-old farm house in south Germany which has been serving as a hikers' restaurant for several years. It was the starting point of the downhill course of the Mountain Bike World Championship (MBWC) in 1995 and is a well-known station of the Black Forest Ultra Bike Marathon (BFUBM).\n   \"People come here for adventure trips, mountain biking or hiking and stop for traditional German food. We produce all our energy from renewable sources as it is very expensive to get a power grid  connection at this site,\" said Dirk Behringer, owner of the Rappenecker Hutte.\n   Like the restaurant, the story of its present owner is equally amazing as Behringer, 57, left his well-paid job in 2003 to stay here with his wife. \"I have traveled across the world and as I was growing old I realized I wanted to retire and live in nature. So I rented the restaurant. Since then I, along with my wife, live here in summer and we travel during winter,\" said the six-foot-tall man dressed in a T-shirt and shorts.\n   Due to heavy snow during winter, the restaurant opens only for six months from April to September when it receives around 500 guests per week. The Behringer couple has employed no helper and does everything from cooking to cleaning at this hilltop restaurant which gives a picturesque view of the Black Forest.\n   There are not many dishes on the menu for unexpected visitors. On a routine basis, there is one vegetarian dish which includes fried potatoes with dense milk cream, boiled vegetables and fresh salad. The non-vegetarian dish includes fried potatoes with pork and salad. There are also options to pick from fresh juices, hard drinks and coffee. All vegetables, fruits, dairy products and meat supplies to the restaurant come from farms in nearby villages.", "id": "high22702.txt"}