{"answers": ["B", "A", "A"], "options": [["So he could look Aunt Bet in the eye", "So Aunt Bet would not know she was there", "Because the candle was shining in his eyes", "Because he did not want to appear unfriendly"], ["In the beginning she was afraid; in the end she felt proud", "In the beginning she was angry; in the end she became fearful", "In the beginning she felt relaxed; in the end she felt anxious", "In the beginning she felt happy; in the end she became confused"], ["plot more exciting", "setting more realistic", "story more believable", "characters more interesting"]], "questions": ["Why did the officer look away when Annie put her finger to her lips?", "How did Annie's feelings change from the beginning of the story to the end of the story?", "The main reason why the author doesn't give information about whom Aunt Bet is visiting in the attic is to make the  _  ."], "article": "Wide awake in Aunt Bet's Southern house, Annie Van Lew shivered at the sounds of distant guns. It was bad enough that America was at war, but the young Virginia girl was not used to battles being fought this close.  _ .Annie sat up in bed and listened.Had a stranger broken in? Earlier, the family had heard that captured officers recently escaped from a prison nearby.\n   Quietly opening her bedroom door, Annie walked out. A figure in a black gown was walking down the hall. It was Aunt Bet, carrying a candle in one hand and a plate of fried chicken in the other.\n   Annie followed her aunt to a stairway at the far end of the house. Aunt Bet climbed to the top, and opened a door leading to the attic . Annie followed closely behind.\n   In the attic, Aunt Bet stopped at a chest of drawers, moved it aside, and felt along the wall behind it. Slowly a door sprang open, revealing a hidden room. A thin man stepped out of the opening. As Aunt Bet handed him the plate of food, the young man saw Annie in the doorway and froze.\nDesperately shaking her head \"no\", the girl raised one finger to her lips. The officer understood and shifted his look. Quickly Annie went back downstairs and hid, waiting until after Aunt Bet left to return. Back inside the attic,Annie called softly to the man inside, who told her where to find the hidden spring.\n   Soon the young officer stood in the open doorway. A small candle burned on a table behind him and, in its soft light, Annie studied his face. Clear eyes reflected the calm of one who faced death bravely.\n   Smiling, he said,\"What trouble you should have gotten into if your aunt had turned around!\" That night, Annie learned Aunt Bet was one of many daring Southerners whose hatred  of slavery drove them to risk their lives by spying for the North. The girl chatted as she dared, wishing her new friend luck when he said he would leave at dawn.\n    Back in her room, Annie felt proud and was determined to guard her family's secret to the end.", "id": "high22711.txt"}