{"answers": ["B", "D", "C"], "options": [["The influence of babies on their mother", "Weight-loss solutions for new moms", "The reasons of new moms' fatness", "How to exercise and prepare healthy meals"], ["Living on convenience meals and processed foods.", "Having sweets to get rid of tiredness and sleepiness quickly.", "That new moms find it hard to have time and energy to exercise.", "Sleeping too long can make them fat."], ["It's impossible to do any exercise with your baby.", "You can't swim alone in the pool with a baby.", "Meditation or yoga can make you refreshed.", "Low-fat and high- fiber snacks will add you too many calories."]], "questions": ["What's the subject of the text?", "What's the common problem that new moms don't face?", "Which of the following is true?"], "article": "The constant demands, together with the exhausting effects of interrupted sleep, can make it hard to find the time and energy to exercise or prepare healthy meals. \nHere are some tips for common problems new moms face:\nProblem: No time to cook proper meals. When you're caring for a baby, cooking proper meals seems like a luxury. Instead you rely on convenience meals and processed foods. \n       Solution: Try to get more support. Friends, family members, and neighbors are often delighted to help, so don't feel you have to do everything yourself. Use the extra time to prepare some healthy meals. Follow the basic rules of cutting down on fat and increasing fruit and vegetable intake.\nProblem: Sugary or high-fat snacks. Tiredness can leave you feeling sleepy, run-down, and in need of an immediate help from sweets and high-fat snacks. \n       Solution: Turn snacking to your advantage. Eat high-fiber, low-fat, low-sugar snacks; these will fill you up without adding too many calories. For an energy boost, eat a banana, which is high in potassium -- a mineral essential for muscle and nerve function -- or try a handful of raisins , which are high in iron but low in fat. \n       Problem: No time or energy to exercise. A baby is a constant demand on your time, so you're too tired or busy to exercise.\n       Solution: Increasing activity levels will help you obtain a net calorie loss, while toning exercises will tighten your muscles. Though you may feel too tired to do any exercise, it is worth persevering (,) because in the long run your energy levels will increase. Involve your baby in your postnatal   exercises; start by walking with the child in a carriage or sling(;). Swimming is another aerobic  exercise that you can both enjoy by joining a mother and baby class. Many pools have childcare facilities, so you can swim a few laps on your own.\nProblem: Lack of sleep. The new baby interrupts your sleep,  _ your energy and leaving you tense and exhausted.\n       Solution: Practice some relaxation techniques whenever you have a few free moments. Meditation, visualization, or yoga can help your body recover and give you more energy.", "id": "high22738.txt"}