{"answers": ["D", "B", "C"], "options": [["Electricity cut off", "Lack of drinking water", "Road destruction", "Breakdown of air transport"], ["It's the worst one in Japanese history.", "It caused yet another natural disaster.", "It killed 24, 500 people by flattening the town.", "It has caused the extreme weather in the northeast."], ["kimonos and jewellery at this time are useless", "there are enough necessities in disaster-struck areas", "disaster-struck areas are accessible by ship and air", "the government is not doing its best to deliver supplies"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is NOT mentioned as the damage caused by the earthquake and tsunami?", "What is TRUE about the earthquake according to the passage?", "We can infer from the passage that   _  ."], "article": "Survivors searched for loved ones on Monday in emergency centers across the northeast coast of Japan, with thousands of people still missing after an earthquake and tsunami that probably killed more than 10,000 people. \n\"I'm looking for my parents and my elder brother,\" Yuko Abe, weeping, said at an emergency center in a nearly flattened town of 24, 500 people. \"I also cannot tell my  s who live away that I am safe, as mobile phones and telephones are not working.\" \nMany people spent another freezing night huddling in blankets around heaters in shelters along the coast, a scene of devastation after the earthquake sent a 10-meter wave surging  through towns and cities in the Miyagi region, including its main coastal city of Sendai. \nAbout 2,000 bodies were found on the shores of Miyagi. The nation struggled with the worst disaster since World War II. Almost two million households were without power in the freezing north. There were about 1.4 million people without running water. \nEmiko Ohta, 52, wearing a mask and plastic gloves, searched through the remnants of her home in the port town of Kuji. The house had been reduced to a pile of dirt-covered rubble . \"I came to see if there's anything usable. All my kimonos are destroyed, but there are maybe some items of emotional value here. I did find a bit of jewellery. Just a little,\" she said. \nJapanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan said food, water and other necessities such as blankets were being delivered by vehicles but because of damage to roads, authorities were considering air and sea transport. \nA few employees at a factory in Kuji that manufactured shipping parts showed up for work on Monday, even though it had been reduced to rubble. One young worker said he came because it was a workday. Factory Chief Teruo Nakano said everyone who worked there was safe and they were awaiting instructions from their leaders. He planned to send workers home.", "id": "high22730.txt"}