{"answers": ["C", "D", "A"], "options": [["are usually rich", "like to daydream", "can imagine they have great power", "frighten those without masks"], ["St. Mark's Square", "Sestiere", "Campo San Polo", "convents"], ["not all events are free", "visitors can watch all events freely", "participants only wear white masks", "local people usually look down upon visitors"]], "questions": ["In the Venice Carnival people wearing masks   _  .", "In Venice carnival celebrations can't be held in   _  .", "From this passage we learn that in today's carnival   _  ."], "article": "The Venice Carnival   is the largest and the most important Venetian festival. It is a festival that celebrates the passage from winter to spring, a time when seemingly anything is possible, including the illusion that the people at the bottom become the most powerful by wearing masks on their faces.\nThe Venice Carnival could date back to 1296. It was confirmed on the day before Lent, a public holiday, but it had no direct religious connection at that time. However, the participants were not allowed to wear masks around the city at night; men could not enter convents if they pretended to be women, and celebrations within the convents were strictly  forbidden. People who broke the rules could be put into prison.\nThe laws were not relaxed until the late 17thcentury, when the carnival-goers were allowed to wear masks throughout the carnival. Participants would wear a white mask in old days, while costumes have become even wilder today.\nSt. Mark's Square is the center for the carnival, while Campo San Polo and Sestiere are two other popular places where events take place. Most of the events are free, along with several unusual masked balls for which visitors will have to buy tickets in advance.\nThe 2012 Venetian Carnival was celebrated from February 11 to 21. There were the liveliest celebrations of parties, performances, show, music, dances, dinner sets along streets, and hotels. It attracted a great number of visitors around the world. Many travelers booked Venice hotels and prepared costumes and masks well ahead of time so that they couldn't be made fun of by local people.", "id": "high22746.txt"}