{"answers": ["B", "C", "D"], "options": [["People would suffer from more floods.", "Water would be used as a kind of weapon.", "Water problems would lead to war in the future.", "Floods would make water shortages more serious."], ["Water pollution does more harm to the economic performance.", "The loss of groundwater supplies has threatened global food markets.", "Technology that reduces water use in agriculture should be developed.", "Developing technology that produces freshwater is the best way of fighting water shortages."], ["water pollution and floods", "the risk of failure of governments", "the relation between water and agriculture", "effects of water problems around the world"]], "questions": ["What is the real concern of the report?", "What can be inferred from this passage?", "This article mainly talks about   _  ."], "article": "A new American report says water-related problems will likely increase tensions  around the world in the next ten years. These problems include water shortages, poor water quality and floods. The problems will increase the risk of failure of governments. However, countries are unlikely to go to war over water. But the real question is that some governments may use water as a weapon to pressure others ten years later.\nThe report looks at possible effects of water problems on the United States national security interests over the next thirty years. It says the areas that will be most affected by water problems are North Africa, the Middle East and South Asia. The United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton says, \"Reliable water resources are essential for feeding the hungry, running industries and creating energy. Certainly they are central when we think about how climate changes will affect future generations.\"\nThe report also predicts an increased demand for American assistance and expert help to solve those problems. That demand for help could create opportunities for leadership and influence.\nWater shortages, poor water quality, and floods are unlikely to result in state failure. But these could combine with poverty, social tensions, environmental problems, poor leadership and weak governments to produce social disorder. And that combination could cause state failure.\nThe report predicts that from now through 2040 water shortages and pollution probably will harm the economic performance of important trading partners. During the next ten years the loss of groundwater supplies in some agricultural areas will create a risk to national and global food markets. These shortages will be a result of poor management.\nAgriculture uses about seventy percent of the world's freshwater. The report says technology that reduces the amount of water needed to grow crops will offer the best way to fight against water shortages.", "id": "high22747.txt"}