{"answers": ["B", "B", "D"], "options": [["Arsenal", "Charlie", "Tiaamii", "Noah"], ["their preference is foreign names", "there attempt goes against rules", "they hope their child grows healthily", "they show no interest in tradition"], ["parents have no right to name their children in Spain.", "Tiaamii will soon be a popular name among the British.", "No parents speak bad language to their child in Britain.", "Popular culture has an influence in naming children."]], "questions": ["Which of the following names is best accepted according to the passage?", "The two couples in China and in New Zealand have something in common that  _  .", "What can be concluded from the passage?"], "article": "Recently a couple in New Zealand were forbidden from naming their baby son 4 Real. Even though New Zealand has quite generous rules about naming children, names beginning with a number are not allowed. They decided to call him Superman instead.\nIn many countries around the world, unusual names for children are becoming more popular, especially since the increasing trend for celebrities   to give their children  _ . In Britain, you can call a child almost anything you like--the only restrictions   on parents relates to offensive words such as swear (,) words.\nSome parents choose names which come from popular culture. For example, there have been six boys named Gandalf after the character in the Lord of the Rings novels and films. Equally, names related to sport are fairly common--since 1984, 36 children have been called Arsenal after the football team.\nOther parents like to make up manes, or combine names to make their own unique version, a method demonstrated by Jordan, the British model, who recently invented the name Tiaamii for her daughter by combining the names Thea and Amy (the two grandmothers). She was quoted as saying that the accent and double letters were added to make the name \"more exotic\".\nOther countries have much stricter rulers when it comes to naming children. Countries including Japan, Denmark, Spain, Germany and Argentina have an approved list of names from which parents must choose. In China, there are some rules about what you may call a child --- no foreign letters or symbols are allowed. As a result a couple were recently banned from calling their baby @.\nIn Britain, some names which were previously thought of as old-fashioned have become more popular again, such as Maisie or Ella for a girl, or Alfie or Noah for a baby. But the most popular names are not the odd ones. The top names are fairly traditional -- Jack, Charlie and Thomas for boys and Grace, Ruby and Jessica for girls.", "id": "high22755.txt"}