{"answers": ["B", "B", "D", "C"], "options": [["Friendship is less important in our life.", "How to make friends.", "Friends do harm to our health and energy.", "Relatives  can't become friends."], ["making others talk", "being very talkative", "telling people you like them", "showing others you're interested in them"], ["friends should share ideas and opinions", "friends should understand each other", "friends need support and encouragement each other", "All of the above"], ["To tell us the importance of making friends.", "To talk about advantages and disadvantages  of making friends.", "To give us advice on how to make friends.", "To show us friends are hard to make."]], "questions": ["What is the main idea of this passage?", "It can be inferred from the first suggested step that   _   is NOT likely to win you friends.", "We can learn from the passage that   _  .", "What is the main purpose of the writer in writing the passage?"], "article": "Friendship is always the center in our life. Friends often affect   our health and energy. More and more people are turning towards their friends for support  and sharing. We may have a very unclear understanding of what makes a friend but we all want to have many good friends around us. There are certain steps that can win you friends or at least help you get close to those whom you want to make friends with.\nThe first step to make friends with someone is to make him like you. If they don't like you in the beginning, it is impossible for them to become your friends. To let someone know that you're interested in him, a little smile and calling him by his name can help. To make the other person feel important, you need to be a good listener and encourage  the other person to talk. Give your honest and real opinions but do not make fun of him or her.\nThe second step is to fully understand each other. You need to share his or her opinions. So, it is necessary for you to develop a habit of seeing things from the other person's point of view .\nThe third and final step is to show your support and encouragement towards your friend.", "id": "high22817.txt"}