{"answers": ["D", "C", "A"], "options": [["be the best part", "be the worst part", "change your whole life", "affect your future life"], ["Career", "Marriage", "Character", "Philosophies"], ["The 20s are of importance, and how to make use of them.", "The 20s can change the rest of your life.", "The 20s are milestones to reach their future goals.", "The 20s are thebest chance to experiment."]], "questions": ["Once you make a decision in your 20's, it will   _  .", "What is the most changeable during the 20s according to the passage?", "What is the passage mainly about?"], "article": "The best and worst part about being a twenty-something is that every decision you make can change the rest of your life. Once you're in your 30's or 40's, it gets harder and harder to reinvent yourself. So I made an interview with Dr. Meg Jay, the clinical psychologist. He explains why the twenties matter, and how to make the most of them. \nIn Dr. Meg Jay's opinion, our 20s are the  _ decade of adulthood. 80% of life's most important moments take place by about age 35. And 2/3 of lifetime wage growth happens during the first ten years of a career. More than half of Americans are married or are dating or living with their future partner by age 30. Personality can change more during our 20s than at any other decade in life. Female fertility  peaks at 28. The brain caps off   its last major growth. When it comes to adult development, 30 is not the new 20. Even if you do nothing, not making choices is a choice all the same. Don't be defined by what you didn't know or didn't do.\nOn the other hand, I also ask him how the 20s track their progress toward their future goals and whether milestones like 21 and 30 are really important. Dr. Meg Jay think it  ly important. Milestones--21, 25, 30, New Year's, birthdays, reunions--are important because they cause self-reflection. What he mentioned are as follows: Am I where I wanted to be by this age? Did I do what I said I would do this year? If not, why not. And if not now, when? A 20-year-old girl who interviewed me recently told me about a question she was advised to ask herself as she moved through adulthood: \"If you keep living your life exactly as it is, where will you be in 3 years?\" If you don't like the answer, now is the time to change course.\nSurely the 20s are for experimenting, but not just with philosophies  and vacations and substances . The 20s are your best chance to experiment with jobs and relationships. Then each move can be more intentional and more informed than the last.", "id": "high22825.txt"}