{"answers": ["B", "D"], "options": [["Other forms of energy have taken the place of human power.", "The increased exploitation  of workers in the 19th century.", "The increased use of machines to make products in less time.", "The use of machines producing parts of the same standard."], ["completely disappeared with the coming of the factory system", "were dismissed  by the boss", "were unable to produce goods of high standard", "were unable to produce fine goods at that same speed as machines"]], "questions": ["In this passage, which of the following is NOT considered as a change caused by the use of scientific findings in the production of goods?", "According to the writer, highly skilled workers   _"], "article": "Technology has been an encouragement of historical change. It acted as such a force in England beginning in the eighteenth century, and across the entire Western World in the nineteenth. Rapid advances were made in the use of scientific findings in the manufacture   of goods, which has changed ideas about work. One of the first changes was that other forms of energy have taken the place of human power. Along with this came the increased use of machines to manufacture products in less time. People also developed machines that could produce the same parts for a product: each nail was exactly like every other nail, meaning that each nail could be changed for every other nail. This means that goods could be mass production, although mass production required breaking production down into smaller and smaller tasks.\nOnce _ was done, workers no longer started on the product and labored to complete it. Instead, they might work only one thousandth of it, other workers completing their own parts in certain order. There is nothing strange about this manufacturing work by today's standards. Highly skilled workers were unable to compare with the new production techniques, as mass production allowed goods of high standard to be produced in greater number than could ever be done by hand. But the skilled worker wasn't the only loser, the common workers lost too. Similar changes forced farmer away. The increased mechanization   of agriculture freed masses of workers from ploughing the land and harvesting its crops. They had no choice but to stream toward the rapidly developing industrial centers. Increasingly, standards were set by machines. Workers no longer owned their own tools, their skill was no longer valued, and pride in their work was no longer possible. Workers fed, looked after and repaired the machines that could work faster than humans at greatly reduced cost.", "id": "high2283.txt"}