{"answers": ["C", "A", "D"], "options": [["everybody stared at him at that time", "many guys chased after the woman", "he didn't feel himself a match for the woman", "he had the strange habit of drinking salty coffee"], ["the man's lie won the woman's love", "the man's parents once lived near the sea", "the woman talked with the man, for they had the same experience", "the woman realised what salty coffee had to do with a good man"], ["He had intended to give his wife a surprise at his death", "He unwillingly developed a taste for salty coffee after marriage", "He was so stubborn as to drink for a life what he didn't like", "He enjoyed his lifelong bitter salty coffee out of love"]], "questions": ["The man was nervous at the coffee shop, because   _  .", "From this passage, we can infer that   _  .", "What can be concluded about the man?"], "article": "He met her at a party. She was so outstanding that many guys were chasing after her, while he was so ordinary. At the end of the party, he invited her to have coffee with him. She was surprised but due to being polite, she promised.\n  They sat in a nice coffee shop, he was too nervous to say anything, and she felt uncomfortable, too. Suddenly he asked the waiter, \"Would you please give me some salt? I'd like to put it in my coffee.\" Everybody stared at him. It was so strange! His face turned red but still, he put the salt in his coffee and drank it. She asked him curiously, \"Why do you have this hobby?\" He replied, \"When I was a little boy, I lived near the sea, I liked playing in the sea, I could feel the taste of the sea, just like the taste of the salty coffee. Now every time I have the salty coffee, I always think of my childhood, my hometown, and my parents who are still living there.\" While saying that tears filled his eyes. She was deeply touched. Then she also started to speak, speaking about her faraway hometown, her childhood, and her family.\n  That was a really nice talk, also a beautiful beginning of their love. They continued to date. She found that actually he was a man who met all her demands. He had tolerance, kind-hearted, warm and careful. Thanks to his salty coffee! They married. And, every time she made coffee for him, she put some salt in the coffee, as she knew that was the way he liked it. After 40 years, he passed away and left her a letter which said, \"My dearest, please forgive my whole life's lie. Remember the first time we dated? I was so nervous at that time, actually I wanted some sugar, but said salt. It was hard for me to change so I just went ahead. I didn't like the salty coffee then, what a strange bad taste! But I have had the salty coffee for my whole life, for it was prepared by you.\"", "id": "high22847.txt"}