{"answers": ["C", "B", "C"], "options": [["American children have some difficulty in getting enough money to go to college", "Chinese parents give their children too much love", "American parents also care for their children going to university", "Life in American universities"], ["Angry", "Understandable", "Unfair", "Disappointed"], ["Good grades.", "The chance of finding a good job in the future.", "Money and experience.", "Good relationship."]], "questions": ["The main idea of the passage is   _  .", "What's the writer's attitude toward the academic advisor?", "What benefit will Sarah get because of her father's care?"], "article": "I once studied at a major university in the Midwest United States. At the beginning of each term, I could see lots of undergraduates accompanied by their parents gather around the dormitory buildings. Fathers often helped children with huge luggage; mothers took much concern over children's necessities in university; while children were only absorbed in chatting with friends and getting to know each other, showing no sign of worrying about their future lives.\n       In fact, compared with Chinese parents, American parents care equally about their children's advanced education and make plans accordingly. It is true that some students begin to save money for their university education quite earlier---- for example, Amy, the daughter of my workmate Stevenson, planned to continue her education after secondary school. However Stevenson earned little and could not afford the tuition. Amy had to find a part-time job, working from 7 a.m. to 6 p.m. on holiday ----but for most American students, at least the majority of undergraduates,  _ \n       Some parents not only take the financial burden for their children's advanced education but also try every possible way to help them. I could still remember that our teacher once said that American parents seldom offered help to their children, by which she meant to say that Chinese parents might be too caring. However every coin has two sides. For example, my academic advisor successfully got money from a major scientific grant to continue his research project, and then he hired an undergraduate Sarah to work with us. The fact is that research assistantship is usually competitive, especially to undergraduate students, and it turned out that Sarah was the daughter of my advisor! \"When I apply to the graduate school next year, the money I make and the research experience I build up will benefit me a lot,\" Sarah said. I used to think that American people behave like businessmen, but this small incident proves that they still might compromise the rules for the benefit of their children as loving parents.", "id": "high22846.txt"}