{"answers": ["A", "A", "B", "A"], "options": [["Madrid", "Barcelona", "Valencia", "It's not mentioned"], ["Barcelona and Valencia.", "Valencia and Madrid", "Madrid and Barcelona", "All of the three cities"], ["They all have world--class museums", "They all have wonderful nightlife.", "They are all wealthy and crazy.", "They are all crowded and noisy cities."], ["attract visitors to Spain", "show his or her pride in Spain", "sing high praise for Spain", "tell the readers Spain's long history"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, which is the largest city in Spain?", "Among three cities, which are the coastal ones?", "What do three cities in this passage have in common?", "The author writes this text most probably to_."], "article": "prefix = st1 /SPAIN is unique. Enough sunshine, gorgeous beaches and delicious food make it a favourite holiday spot for millions of Europeans. But eating and sunbathing is not all this Mediterranean country has to offer. Its wild nightlife has given Spaniards a well--earned reputation as non-stop party animals. The traditional afternoon nap known as a \"siesta\" means millions of Spanish people can live a crazy life every day. Not into drinking and dancing? Take a look at the vibrant arts scece, with numerous galleries and museum featuring Spain's many famous artists like Salvador Dail, Pablo Picasso and Antonio Gaudi. Take our tour around the country.\nBarcelona, located on the Mediterranean sea, is famous as the host city for the 1992 Olympic Games. It is Spain's second largest city, afterMadrid. Barcelona is filled with landmark places and world-class museums, including Antonio Gaudi's famed La Sagrada Familia cathedral, the Museu Picasso, and the Las Ramblas street.\nBarcelona also has great nightlife. There are many outdoor squares in the city. So when the weather is good, which it usually is, there are also popular places for people to get together. Nightlife kicks off from about 8 or 9 pm. Then things quiet down until a second surge of energy brings out the post-dinner crowds from 11pm to midnight.\nMadrid, the capital of Spain, located in the center of the Iberian Peninsula  , has a number of places, castles, museums and other unique places, such as the Plaza Mayor, the Cibeles Fountain, and the Palacio Real, as well as the fantastic bullring , Las Ventas. The city of 3.5 million people also has many theatres, live music venues and nightclubs because dinner is served late in Spain, usually around 9 pm, nightlife doesn't really get under way until after 11 pm. Native people are so fond of wandering around at night that they are known in Spain as gatos(cats.) Young people love to meet in nightclubs to drink and sing together.\nValencia,  on the Mediterranean coast, isSpain's third--largest city. It is usually a quiet city with a population of half a million. But during the Las Falls Festival in March, the number can reach 3 million.Valenciais famous for its nightlife and bars. In the summer, people enjoy gathering at open--air bars. The bars play music, often have dance floors, and are open from late May to September. The nightlife lasts from 7 or 8 pm to 2 am on weekdays, and 5 am on weekends.", "id": "high22876.txt"}