{"answers": ["B", "D"], "options": [["it is produced only by and for students", "it makes use of the Internet", "it can be used in any field", "it calls for a little technology knowledge"], ["students can learn how to communicate with others with podcasting", "personal podcasts used in English classes enable students to hear mistakes", "students will get a lot of training in many new skills with podcasting", "podcasting can make it easy for students to learn anything well"]], "questions": ["Podcasting is different from radio broadcasting in that_.", "The follow statements are all true EXCEPT that_."], "article": "Podcasting is like radio broadcasting, except that it uses the Internet. Anyone with a computer and a microphone can record a show about any subject. Anyone with a computer and an MP3 player can download the podcasts  and listen.\nPodcasting does require some technical knowledge, but not very much.\nMany education-related podcasts are aimed at college students. But a growing number is created for, and by, students in middle school and high school.\nAt mountain View Alternative High School in prefix = st1 /Centreville,Virginia, the students have spent several weeks preparing for their project. They have written their stories. And they have recorded music and other sound to use in their podcasts. Next, they bring together the different elements on a computer.\nTheir teachers help by offering comments and suggestions. The students have made decisions about how to present their information. They have decided how it will be read, and how other sound will be used.\nSome students decide to read their story themselves. Others choose to create a different effect by having someone else read parts of  _ .\nThrough voices, music and sound effects, the students are able to create something deeply personal.\nWith podcasting, students are using their skills in writing, reading and public speaking. At the same time, they are learning several new skills. They learn to work with the computer programs that are used for podcasting. They also gain experience in communications, broadcasting and problem-solving.\nPodcasts are being used in English classes and social studies, as well as foreign language classes. Being able to listen to recordings of their own voices helps students to hear mistakes.\nThere are tens of thousands of podcasts on the Internet. They can be found on almost any subject, from current events of financial planning and poetry. People are now recording their thoughts on just about everything.", "id": "high22875.txt"}