{"answers": ["B"], "options": [["The popularity of hiking in the world today.", "The reasons why people go hiking.", "Hiking's benefits for health.", "Making your hiking plan before going outdoors."]], "questions": ["What is the text mainly about?"], "article": "Hiking is an outdoor activity which consists of walking in natural environments, often in mountainous or other scenic terrain  . People often hike on hiking trails. It is such a popular activity that there are numerous hiking organizations worldwide. It is considered one of the recreational activities.\nMany people say they go hiking because they love to walk outdoor, without necessarily having a destination ahead of them. This makes hiking much more different than walking down the street to the store or to some other places that we need to go. People who like hiking say, \"We enjoy ourselves along the way whether we arrive somewhere important or not.\"\nSome people add another reason for hiking to the basic one of loving to be outdoors. These folks see hiking as not only mentally healthy for clearing the mind but also physically healthy as great exercise for the body. Unlike some other exercise programs, hiking can be an activity for almost anyone in reasonably good health. Hiking on a smooth, level path is even good exercise. Trudging   over rougher terrain can be a workout and a time of enjoyment at the same time.\nSome people who hike on a regular basis give little thought to the exercise part of the activity. These people are more likely to go hiking because they are exploring nature. They may be interested in the trees or the rocks. Perhaps they are interested in looking at the birds or the various animals that lodge in the forest or the park. Certainly park land is ideal for hiking. Many of these sites have marked for hiking. This leads many to take part in hiking specifically for the exercise and enjoyment of being outdoors, when they may not do this otherwise.\nSome people look at hiking as having two major benefits. When asked why they go hiking in their spare time many people will combine these reasons: It helps me relax; it doesn't take a great investment of money for equipment. For them, a good pair of shoes and some comfortable clothes can help them get away from work or other stressful situations that may arise in life. In many cases, these hikers can enjoy their favorite pastime all year long. They may be able to take those outdoor walks in almost any weather. It's safe to say that hiking can heal and please the human being in many ways.", "id": "high22879.txt"}