{"answers": ["A", "D"], "options": [["Online Newspaper Readership Grows", "Convenient Way to Read Newspapers", "rThe Internet Is Taking over in the World", "Print Newspapers Have Lost Their Advantages"], ["print newspapers are expensive to buy", "surfing the Internet is a sign of fashion", "online newspapers cover much more information", "more and more younger readers prefer to visit newspaper websites"]], "questions": ["Which would be the best title for the passage?", "The reason why online newspaper readership increase is that   _  *"], "article": "NEW YORK (Reuters)-- The average number of monthly visitors to U. S. newspaper websites rose by nearly a third in the first half of 2006,a study released on Wednesday said,though print readership at some larger papers fell.\nThe study, released by the Newspaper Association of America, underlines the internet' s importance to papers beset  by failing circulation and advertising income in their print editions.\nThe average number of unique visitors to online newspaper sites in the first half was more than 55.5 million a month ,the study said. That compares with 42.2 million a year earlier. \"Newspaper websites have become a significant addition to the print product, and are driving large audience growth, \" said John Kimball9the association' s chief marketing officer. The number of page views at newspaper sites rose by about 52 percent in the first half, the association added.\nUS Newspaper publishers have been fighting to hold on to advertisers as many of them lose readers to other media, including the Internet,\nKey to the latest report is the finding that websites are bringing in more younger readers, the association said.\nThe Washington Post, s website increased its audience reachamong readers aged25 to 34 by more than 60 percent, the report said. Audience reach^combines the average weekly print audience and the net 30 - day website audience.\nOverall, newspaper websites helped drive a 15 percent increase in the total newspaper audience for 25 - to - 34 - year olds and a 10 - percent increase for 18 - to 24 - year olds, the association said.\nIt did not provide comparisons to the same period last year for total print newspaper readership. Readership numbers, which were provided by Scarborough Research, include circulation, shared copies and any other way that someone could end up reading a newspaper.\nPrint readership fell, according to a comparison of figures from the two periods conducted by Renter,.  '\nThe New York Times readership dropped 5. 8 percent, while the largest U. S. paper, USA Today, fell 3 percent. The Wall Street Journal saw readership remain nearly the same.", "id": "high22893.txt"}