{"answers": ["B", "A", "C"], "options": [["Function of the Night Editor", "Explaining the News.", "Subjective versus Objective Processes", "Choosing Facts"], ["in writing a factual story, the writer must use judgment", "the writer should limit himself to the facts", "reporters give a prejudiced view of the facts", "editors control what the reporters write"], ["explained in detail", "edited properly", "objectively reported", "impartial"]], "questions": ["The best title for this passage is     .", "The author implies that     .", "Readers are justified in thinking that the most important aspect of the news reported in the newspaper is that it should be     ."], "article": "The newspaper must provide for the reader the facts, pure, unprejudiced , objectively selected facts. But in these days the complex news it must provide more; it must supply explanation, the meaning of the facts. This is the most important assignment facing American journalism--to make clear to the reader the problems of the day, to make international news understandable as community news, to recognize that there is no longer any such thing(with the possible exception of society news)as \"local\" news, because any event in the international area has local reaction in the financial market, political circles, indeed, of our very way of life. There is in journalism a widespread view that when you consider giving an explanation, you are entering dangerous water, the swirling tides of opinion. This is nonsense.\nThe opponents of explanation insist that the writer and the editor shall confine himself to the \"facts\". This insistence raises two questions; What are the facts? And are the bare facts enough? As for the first question, consider how a so-called \"factual\" story comes about. The reporter collects, say, fifty facts; out of these fifty, his space being necessarily restricted, he selects the ten that he considers most important. This is Judgment Number One. Then he or his editor decides which of these ten facts shall constitute the beginning of the article. (this is an important decision because many readers do not proceed beyond the first paragraph) This is Judgment Number Two. Then. The night editor decides whether the article shall be presented on page one, where it has a large influence, or on page twenty-four, where it has little. Judgment Number Three.\nThus in the show of a so-called \"factual\" of \"objective\" story, at least three judgments are involved. And they are judgments mot at all unlike those involved in explanation, in which reporter and editor, calling upon their research resources , their general background, and their \"news neutralism\" , arrive at a conclusion as to the importance of the news.\nThe two areas of judgment, presentation of the news and its explanation, are both objective rather than subjective processes--as objective, that is, as any human being can be. (Note in passing; even though complete objectivity can never be achieved, nevertheless the ideal must always be the light in the murky news channels) If an editor is intern on giving a prejudiced view of the news, he can do it in other ways and more effectively than by explanation. He can do it by the selection of those facts that support his particular viewpoint. Or he can do it by the play he gives a story promoting it to page one or putting it on page thirty.", "id": "high22907.txt"}