{"answers": ["D", "C", "D", "B"], "options": [["his heart was not in medicine.", "he found it easier to make a living by writing", "he liked taking risks", "he was interested in writing"], ["The author was very pleased to have his book published but he didn't realize it was something of an accident .", "The success of his first book led the author to think he could afford to make writing his profession .", "The author knew he was running a terrible risk when he decided to become a writer .", "The author became a writer after graduation but was not a successful one ."], ["he thought it would run for fifteen months", "he knew it was one of the author's best plays shown in London", "he had just put on a play that failed", "the play he had arranged to put on was not ready"], ["he talked with a great many people in Londonabout his plays", "the plays he wrote were excellently performed in London", "his performances in the Court Theatre were unexpectedly", "he was criticized by an eminent surgeon as one of their failures"]], "questions": ["The author wanted to be a writer because   _  .", "Which of the following statements is not true ?", "The manager of the Court Theatre agreed to put the author's play on the stage because   _   .", "The author became the talk of the town . The reason was that   _  ."], "article": "I entered St Thoma's Hospital as a medical student at the age of 18 and spent five years there .  I was an unsatisfactory student , for my heart , as you might have guessed , was not in it . I wanted , I had always wanted to be a writer , and in the evening , after my high tea , I wrote and read . Before long , I wrote a novel , called \" Liza of Lambeth\", which I sent to a publisher and was accepted . It appeared during my last year at the hospital and had something of a success . It was of course an accident , but naturally I did not know that . I felt I could afford to give up medicine and make writing my profession ; so, three days after I graduated from the school of medicine , I set out forprefix = st1 /Spainto write another book. Looking back now , and knowing as I do the terrible difficulties of making a living by writing , I realize I was taking a fearful risk . It never even occurred to me .\nThe next ten years were very hard , and I earned an average of PS100 a year . Then I had a bit of luck . The manager of the Court Theatre put on a play that failed ; the next play he arranged to put on was not ready , and he was at his wits' end.He read a play of mine and , though he did not much like it , he thought it might just run for the six weeks till the play he had in mind to follow it with could be produced . It ran for fifteen months . Within a short while I had four plays running in Londonat the same time . Nothing of the kind had ever happened before . I was the talk of the town . One of the students atSt Thomas's Hospital asked the eminent surgeon with whom I had worked whether he remembered me . \" Yes, I remember him quite well , \" he said . \" One of our failures , I'm afraid .\"", "id": "high22926.txt"}