{"answers": ["C", "B", "A", "B"], "options": [["something that permits a foreign citizen to travel to the USA", "a legal document issued by the USgovernment", "a legal document issued by a country to permit a foreigner to travel to the country and request to enter", "something you get from www.educationusa.gov."], ["none of the students have to talk to American officials", "all foreign students don't have to have an interview with an official in the American embassy in your country", "a foreign student can appear at the American embassy", "all students have to prove they are able to afford the education fee"], ["you may get your visa 30 days in advance", "you may get your visa any time you like", "you can't get your visa unless you have something to do with terrorists", "can be given the visa 90 days ahead of time"], ["seems to suggest that it is rather difficult to study in the USA", "does not contain all the information needed on how to get to the USto study", "tells us your American school can drive you out of the country", "shows with a student visa, one can enter any USschool"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, a visa is   _  .", "To get a visa to the USA,   _  .", "If you are applying for a USstudent visa for the first time, you  _  .", "The passage   _  ."], "article": "Every foreign student who has been accepted to study in this country must have a legal document called a visa from the prefix = st1 /United Statesgovernment. A visa permits a foreign citizen to travel to theUnited Statesand request permission to enter the country. The rules for getting a visa can be found on the State Department Web site. The address is unitedstatesvisas. gov. Unitedstatesvisas is all one word. Another State Department Web site for students from other countries is educationusa. gov.\nIf you are requesting a visa for the first time, you may have to appear at the American Embassy in your country to talk to an official. Each student should communicate with the Embassy to find out if such an interview is needed and when it can take place.\nIt is important to apply for the visa early. State Department officials say national security is the most important issue in deciding if a person will be permitted to enter the United States. Officials must find out if a student is on any list of people with possible links to terrorists.\nEmbassies can not issue a visa more than ninety days before the start of the educational program in the United States. If you are a student studying in theUnited Statesfor the first time, you will not be permitted to enter the country more than thirty days before the start of your classes.\nForeign students accepted at an American school will receive a document called a Certificate of Eligibility. The State Department says each student must enter the country using the certificate provided by the school he or she will be attending. It is a violation of the law to enter the country on one school's certificate but attend another school.\nYou are permitted to stay in the United Stateson a student visa for the length of your period of study. That means you can stay as long as you are a full-time student. Your college or university will provide the government with reports about your education as long as you continue to study there. We will have more information about that next week.", "id": "high22921.txt"}