{"answers": ["B", "B", "A"], "options": [["Famous Prime Ministers are women.", "Women do not run or swim in races with men.", "Boys and girls study separately everywhere.", "Men can expect to live longer than women in Europe."], ["Some women athletes are actually men.", "Some women athletes are given hormone injections.", "Women and men do not run or swim in the same races.", "It is difficult to check whether women athletes are really women."], ["men are not always stronger and faster than women", "women are slower than men ,but stronger", "men are faster and stronger than women", "women are weaker than men ,but faster"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is true?", "What problems does sport have?", "In this passage the author implies that_."], "article": "In sports the sexes are separate. Women and men do not run or swim in the same races. Women are less strong than men. _ . Women are called the weaker sex, or ,if men want to please them, \"the fair sex\". But boys and girls are taught together at schools and universities .There are women who are famous Prime Ministers, scientists and writers. And women live longer than men. A European woman can expect to live until the age of 74, a man only until he is 68. Are women's bodies really weaker?\n       The fastest men can run a mile under 4 minutes. The best women need 4.5 minutes .Women's times are always slower than men's ,but some facts are a surprise. Some of the fastest women swimmers today are teenager girls. One of them swam 400 meters in 4 minutes 21.2 seconds when she was only 16. The first \"Tarzan\" in films was an Olympic swimmer ,Johnny Weissmuller. His fastest 400 meters was 4 minutes 59.1 seconds, which is 37.9 seconds slower than a girl 50 years later ! This does not mean that women are catching men up .Conditions are very different now ,and sport is much more serious .It is so serious that some women athletes are given hormone injections. At the Olympics a doctor has to check whether the women athletes are really women or not. It seems sad that sport has such problems. Life can be very complicated when there are two separate sexes!", "id": "high22956.txt"}