{"answers": ["A", "B", "D"], "options": [["national parks in England", "most parts of Scotland", "crowded lowland Britain", "most parts of England"], ["with easy access", "used previously", "with modern conveniences", "far away from beaches"], ["the protection of campsite", "the importance of wild camping", "the human influence on campsites", "the dos and don'ts of wild camping"]], "questions": ["You needn't ask for permission when camping in  _  .", "The author thinks that a good campsite is one   _  .", "The passage is mainly about   _  ."], "article": "Camping wild is a wonderful way to experience the natural world and, at its best, it makes little environmental influence. But with increasing numbers of people wanting to escape into the wilderness, it is becoming more and more important to camp unobtrusively  and leave no mark. \nWild camping is not permitted in many places, particularly in crowded lowland Britain. Wherever you are, find out about organizations responsible for managing wild spaces, and contact them to find out their policy on camping and shelter building. For example, it is fine to camp wild in remote parts of Scotland, but in England you must ask the landowner's permission except in national parks. Camping is about having relaxation, sleeping outdoors, experiencing bad weather, and making do without modern conveniences. A busy, fully equipped camping  seems to go against this, so seek out smaller, more remote places with easy access to open spaces and beaches. Better still, find a campsite with no road access: walking in makes a real adventure. \nFinding the right spot to camp is the first step to guaranteeing a good night's sleep. Choose a campsite with privacy and minimum influence on others and the environment. Try to use an area where people have obviously camped before rather than creating a new spot. When camping in woodland, avoid standing dead trees, which may fall on a windy night. Avoid animal runs and caves, and possible homes of biting insects. Make sure you have most protection on the wind ware side. If you make a fire, do so downwind of your shelter. Always consider what influence you might have on the natural world. Avoid damaging plants. A good campsite is found, not made-- changing it should be unnecessary.", "id": "high22969.txt"}