{"answers": ["C", "B", "D"], "options": [["All the middle school students.", "Both parents and children.", "Those who want to make friends.", "Those who want to make money."], ["if you sit at home watching TV", "when you spend more time around people", "only if you have a lot of common interests with people", "only if you are really good at playing a particular sport"], ["Joining a club with people with common hobbies.", "Joining a sports team.", "Using the web and getting out.", "Being ready to help others."]], "questions": ["Who is the passage written mainly for?", "From the passage it is known that you can make good friends   _  .", "Which of the following ways to make friends is NOT mentioned in this passage?"], "article": "If you want to make friends and form strong, lasting friendships, consider these suggestions.\nTo make friends, you first need to put yourself out there somehow. Friends seldom come knocking on your door while you sit at home watching TV.\nJoin a club with people who have common interests. You don't necessarily have to have a lot of common interests with people in order to make friends with them. In fact, some of the most rewarding friendships are between two people who don't have much in common at all, but if you have something in common with people, it can make it a lot easier to start a conversation and plan activities together.\nUse the web and get out! Websites like Meetup.com are aiming to bring people together with common interest. You can join any group or just start your own. If you don't know of a specific topic, try searching for just a location. It's a great way to meet new local people! \nJoin a sports team. A common misconception about this is that you have to be really good at playing a particular sport in order to make friends with others on the team, but not all teams are so competitive. As long as you enjoy the sport and support your teammates, joining a local team with a laid-back attitude could be a great way to make new friends. \nVolunteer. Volunteering is a great way for people of all ages to meet others. By working together you build bonds with people, and you might meet others who have a passion for doing things the way you do.\nTo make friends, besides spending more time around people, you also need to talk to people.", "id": "high22977.txt"}