{"answers": ["D", "D", "A"], "options": [["Butter.", "Chocolates.", "Hamburgers.", "Apples."], ["if you want to lose much weight, the more you lose at a time, the better", "your regular exercise program is enough for you to lose weight", "you can eat smaller meals more frequently so that calories are burned slower", "you can learn to prepare healthy, low-calorie foods by checking healthy cook books"], ["How to lose weight", "How to cook healthy foods", "How to exercise to lose weight", "How to eat to lose weight"]], "questions": ["Which of the following should be kept in your fridge if you want to lose weight  according to the passage", "We can learn from the passage that   _  .", "What is the best title for the passage?"], "article": "Figuring out how to lose weight is a challenge for many of us, particularly considering that the quickest path to weight loss is different for everyone. Of course the common methods are always proper   diet and exercise, which not only work in weight loss but also keep a body healthy. Of course you've heard this before -- the challenge is to follow through. Others have lost weight by following these simple guidelines, and so can you. \nSet small, practical goals. If you have a lot of weight to lose, try for 5 pounds, relax a bit and then go for 5 more. \nStart a regular exercise program and  _ . Don't be afraid of those sweat suits and pants! \nDo extra exercise in addition to your regular program. Park at the far end of the parking lot and walk; take the stairs instead of the lift. \nHealthy foods are an important ingredient in losing weight. Eat low-fat, high-fiber foods such as salads and vegetable pastas. Choose foods that you like. Learn to prepare healthful, low-calorie foods that taste good by checking healthy cook books for new recipes. Eating well doesn't have to mean eating dull. \nEat smaller more frequent meals. This way your body starts to increase its metabolism   so that calories are burned faster. Also mini-meals can prevent overeating. \nPlan ahead and keep a food diary. Keep the fridge stocked with healthy foods such as vegetables and fruit and you'll be less likely to run out for high-calorie, high- -fat junk food. This will help you know where you can improve your diet.", "id": "high23005.txt"}