{"answers": ["D", "A", "D", "C"], "options": [["It is the largest stock market in the world.", "IT lists only small companies.", "It lists all the new technology companies.", "It lists the biggest number of companies."], ["discuss", "argue", "interfere", "cope"], ["a stock market", "a stock exchange", "a counter", "a store"], ["raising money for many companies", "creating an efficient environment for many companies", "the expected development of many companies", "the unexpected development of many companies"]], "questions": ["What is TRUE of NASDAQ?", "The word\" negotiate\"(Line 8,Para.1) means   _  .", "NASDAQ is also known as an over-the -counter market because it seems  _  .", "Since its founding in 1971, NASDAQ has contributed to   _  ."], "article": "NASDAQ, acronym for the National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotation system, is one of the largest markets in the world for the trading of stocks. The number of companies listed on NASDAQ is more than that on any of the other stock exchange in the United States, including the New York Stock Exchange(NYSE) and the American Stock Exchange (AMSE). The majority of companies listed on NASDAQ are smaller than most of those on the NYSE and AMSX. NASDAQ has become known as the home of new technology companies, particularly computer and computer-related businesses. Trading on NASDAQ is started by stock brokers  acting on behalf of their clients. The brokers negotiate with market makers who concentrate on trading specific stocks to reach a price for the stock.\nUnlike other stock exchange, NASDAQ has no central location where trading takes place. Instead, its market makers are located all over the country and make trades by telephone and via the Internet. Because brokers and market makers trade stocks directly instead of on the floor of a stock exchange, NASDAQ is called an over-the-counter market. The term over-the -counter refers to the direct nature of the trading, as in a store where goods are handed over a counter.\nSince its inception  in 1971, the NASDAQ Stock Market has been the innovator . As the world's first electronic stock market, NASDAQ long ago set a precedent  for technological trading innovation that is unrivaled . Now ready to become the world's first truly global market, the NASDAQ Stock Market is the market of choice for business industry leaders worldwide. By providing an efficient environment for raising capital NASDAQ has helped thousands of companies achieve their desired growth and successfully make the leap into public ownership.", "id": "high23008.txt"}