{"answers": ["B", "D", "B", "A"], "options": [["he had to take tests at school", "he thought about his future", "he had lots of sleepless nights", "he searched for words of wisdom"], ["Courage to drop out of school.", "Confidence in defeating Jobs.", "Interest in computer industry.", "Bravery to face uncertainties."], ["Have the desire to learn more.", "Be content with what they know.", "Stay calm in the face of hardships.", "Be modest so as to learn more."], ["the wisdom drawn from a speech", "the most impressive quote in life", "a memorable meeting with Jobs", "an experience of a speech"]], "questions": ["The author felt worried when   _  .", "What did the author gain from Jobs's speech?", "What did NOT Steve Jobs encourage students to do in his speech?", "The passage is mainly about   _  ."], "article": "As a senior, my future is always on my mind. To be exact, thoughts of the future have kept me up countless nights and made me worry enough to do poorly on more than one test. Because of this, words of wisdom are a source of comfort. Steve Jobs gave a speech to Stanford's graduating class in 2005 and his words resound repeatedly in my mind whenever I think about my future.\nIt wasn't always like that, though. It started when I became a junior, when college came into view. It's the first big step to making your life your own. So when Jobs discussed his life as a student, some fears were eased. He, too, felt the need to attend college to make something of himself. He faced what many are extremely afraid of: uncertainty. His lack of understanding caused him to stop attending college and focus on what he felt was important. His story had a happy ending, of course, since he certainly turned out well.\nThis doesn't mean that students shouldn't attend college, but rather that they shouldn't worry so much. You'll get where you need to go, even if your path is a bit more winding than you'd like.\nJobs talked about the hardships in his work. His love of his work helped him carry on and he got where he was meant to be, which restates the point: don't panic.\nOne particular part of his speech stayed with me. Steve Jobs quoted the saying \"Stay hungry, stay foolish\" and it has become my motto. Staying foolish is realizing that you are still a fool, no matter how much you've learned or experienced. There is always more to explore. Staying hungry is wanting to find those things about which you are still uneducated.\nSteve Jobs's level of success is attainable, and I aim to prove that. With the will power to go into the world living every day like it's my last and allowing the future to take care of itself, I will do great things. In the last moments of my life, I'll be proud of what I have done and hope to have all the wisdom a person could wish for.", "id": "high2300.txt"}