{"answers": ["B", "A", "C"], "options": [["The way they present their findings.", "The way they deal with problems.", "The intelligence they possess.", "The variety of ideas they have."], ["unwilling to follow common ways of doing things", "diligent in pursuing their goals", "concerned about the advance of society", "devoted to the progress of science"], ["The Relation Between Creation and Diligence", "To Be a Creative Expert in the Study of Human Creativity", "What Are So Special about Creative Individuals", "Discoveries and Innovation"]], "questions": ["According to the author, what differs innovators from non-innovators?", "The phrase \"march to a different drummer\" (the last line of the passage) suggests that highly creative individuals are   _  .", "The most suitable title for this passage might be   _  ."], "article": "Discoveries in science and technology are thought by \"untaught minds\" to come in blinding flashes or as the result of dramatic accidents. Sir Alexander Fleming did not, as legend would have it, look at themold ( ) on a piece of cheese and get the idea for penicillin there and then. He experimented with antibacterial substances for nine years before he made his discovery. Inventions and innovations almost always come out of tough trial and error. Innovation is like soccer; even the best players miss the goal and have their shots blocked much more frequently than they score.\n     The point is that the players who score most are the ones who take most shots at the goal--and so it goes with innovation in any field of activity. The prime difference between innovation and others is one of approach. Everybody gets ideas, but innovators work consciously on theirs, and they follow them through until they prove practicable or otherwise. What ordinary people see as fanciful abstractions, professional innovators see as solid possibilities.\n     \"Creative thinking may mean simply the realization that there's no particular goodness in doing things the way they have always been done.\" Wrote Rudolph Flesch, a language authority. This accounts for our reaction to seemingly simple innovations like plastic garbage bags and suitcases on wheels that make life more convenient: \"How come nobody thought of that before?\"\n     The creative approach begins with the proposal that nothing be as it appears. Innovators will not accept that there is only one way to do anything. Faced with getting from A to B, the average person will automatically set out on the best-known and apparently simplest route. The innovator will search for alternate courses, which may prove easier in the long run and are sure to be more interesting and challenging even if they lead to dead ends. Highly creative individuals really do march to a different drummer.", "id": "high23014.txt"}