{"answers": ["B", "C", "A"], "options": [["He had his own interesting personal history as other famous writers.", "He graduated from United States Military Academy at West Point in 1831.", "He once had heavy gambling debts and fell down with illness.", "He managed to produce popular works no matter how rocky his life was."], ["Henry David Thoreau was passionately opposed to horrible events.", "Anne Rice always used a pen name to conceal her true identity.", "Herman Melville stayed with man-eaters during his naval service.", "O Henry's life was color1ful though he had lots of difficulties."], ["many famous writers lived nontraditional lives", "most famous writers were usually troublemakers", "writers had to lead interesting lives to generate materials", "the biographies of famous writers are always inspirational"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is NOT TRUE about Edgar Allan Poe?", "Which statement is TRUE according to the passage?", "The passage mainly tells us that   _  ."], "article": "Throughout the centuries, various writers have contributed greatly to the literary treasure trove of books lining the shelves of today's libraries. In addition to writing interesting material, many famous writers, such as Edgar Allan Poe, were larger-than-life characters with personal histories that are as interesting to read as the stories they wrote. Poe's rocky life included being driven off from the United States Military Academy at West Point in 1831 and an ongoing battle with alcohol. Yet, despite heavy gambling debts, poor health, and terrible unemployment, Poe managed to produce a body of popular works, including \"The Raven\" and \"The Murders in the Rue Morgue.\"\nHerman Melville, author of Moby Dick, once lived among the man-eaters in the Marquesas Islands and wrote unusual tales inspired by his years of service in the U.S. Navy. Dublin-born Oscar Wilde was noted for his charismatic personality, his outrageous lifestyle, and creating witty catchphrases such as, \"Nothing succeeds like excess.\" D.H. Lawrence wrote shameful novels that were often cut, and Anne Rice led a double life writing bestselling horrible novels under her real name and using \"A.N. Roquelaure\" for the lowbrow unhealthy novels she penned on the side.\nNonconformist author and naturalist Henry David Thoreau once fled to the woods and generated enough interesting material to fill his noted book Walden. Thoreau wrote on the issue of passive resistance protest in his essay \"Civil Disobedience\" and served time in jail for refusing tax payments in protest of the United States government's policy towards slavery. American short story writer O. Henry's color1ful life was ruined by tragic events, such as being accused and sentenced for stealing money from an Austin, Texas bank. Despite his success selling his short stories, O. Henry struggled financially and was nearly bankrupt when he died.\nAs diverse as these famous authors' backgrounds were, they all led unconventional lives while writing great literary works that will endure throughout the ages. The next time you read an interesting book, consider learning more about the author by reading his or her biography so you can learn about the unique life experiences that shaped his or her writing.", "id": "high23011.txt"}