{"answers": ["D", "D", "B", "B"], "options": [["Their efforts have gotten little attention.", "Their biggest challenge is finding actors.", "They've influenced famous movie studios", "They must overcome equipment limitations."], ["It uses slow-motion effects.", "It took just minutes to make.", "Its cast was quite large.", "It's based on true events."], ["Apple of My Eye.", "Goldilocks.", "Olive.", "Yearlapse '11."], ["They're held at the same time of year.", "They're part of an emerging trend.", "They both receive government support.", "They're still in the planning stages."]], "questions": ["What does the article imply about smartphone filmmakers?", "What does the article point out about Haraszti's film?", "Which film is about secret agents?", "According to this article, what is true about the festivals in Canada and South Korea?"], "article": "Lighter and cheaper than high-quality video cameras, today's best smartphones can shoot and edit high-definition (HD) videos. With lower-quality lenses  and image sensors, smartphones probably won't replace professional video cameras anytime soon. Still, some creative filmmakers are extending the borders of smartphone moviemaking by shooting professional-quality films using only smartphones.\nSoon after Apple's iPhone 4 was released, two filmmakers decided to make a short film using only their iPhone 4s. Michael Koerbel and Anna Elizabeth James shot and edited the one-and-a-half-minute film Apple of My Eye in only 48 hours. Audiences were fascinated with the film, in which a man and his grandfather connect emotionally while admiring a model train set in a store window. The filmmakers followed up their success with Goldilocks, an extraordinary spy novel told over nine, three-minute films.\nMany filmmakers are convinced that smartphone films are here to stay. One sign is their inclusion in major film festivals. In February 2012, organizers of the Berkshire International Film Festival staged the 10 X 10 On North Festival. Entries included Oliver by Hooman Khalili, an award-winning film about a girl whose special powers enable her to brighten the lives of three lonely people. Another entry was Yearlapse'11, a 365-second film by Zsolt Haraszti that describes an actual journey he made from New York to London.\nDuring the festival, which ran from February 16 to 26, these and many other smartphone films were shown at the Beacon Cinema in Pittsfield, Massachusetts. Similar festivals in Canada and South Korea have given smartphone filmmakers opportunities to show off their creative work.", "id": "high23013.txt"}