{"answers": ["C", "A", "C"], "options": [["problem solving.", "communicating with others.", "working safely.", "critical thinking."], ["people will be unwilling to work hard.", "human resources won't be needed at the workplace.", "it will be harder to improve the abilities of robots.", "robots will be beyond our control."], ["Robots bring us more problems than benefits.", "The future of robots is worrying.", "Robots can help us a lot but we need to use them properly.", "We should limit the development of robotic technology."]], "questions": ["Compared with humans, robots are better at   _", "Some people worry that with more robots being used   _", "Which statement is the author's opinion on robots?"], "article": "In the future, when robots can be used both in homes and in other areas, they could improve the living standards of people. Many people burn their energy on their day-to-day tasks like cooking, cleaning after work, etc. When robots can complete such jobs, people can spend more time with their family and friends. Experts say that many major problems in the modern world are caused by miscommunication. When people have more time, they can talk freely to solve such issues and eventually create a happy society.\nRobots can be used on certain jobs to avoid accidents caused by careless behavior of some people. When robots are used on such work, it does not risk any human life due to accidents at the workplace. Human resources can be efficiently used by performing tasks which demand human skills like critical thinking and problem solving. Robots can be used on low-end jobs like moving heavy things and heavy weight lifting.\nWhile some people talk about how robots can be useful to humans, others voice their concerns about reduction in human value and the creation of a lazy society due to heavy dependency on robots. When robots become cheaper to produce, employers may prefer to use more robots than humans. As the technology constantly improves the abilities of robots, it could weaken the value of humans. Many people may rely on robots heavily. Some may even develop the habit of using robots on tasks that they can easily do. This could create a lazy society.\nAs an aging society, Japan sees it a must to build robots that take care of elderly people at their home, because without them, the nation's health care system can't cope. There will simply be too many elderly people to care for as the nation faces a decreasing birth rate, an aging population, and the loosening of family ties. However, many of Japan's elderly people would prefer human helpers rather than robots. Above all, Japan wants, if not \"needs\", its immigration  policy is anti-immigration.\nIn conclusion, robots can be used on anything that can eventually improve humans' living standards but we can't depend on them too much. Robots can be used to help humans live in harmony and form a happy society.", "id": "high23021.txt"}