{"answers": ["C", "D", "D", "A"], "options": [["a traveling agent", "a medical center", "an airline", "a five-star hotel"], ["Watching popular films.", "Listening to MP3.", "Having nonprescription medicine.", "Using mobile phones."], ["International news.", "Free-of-charge drinks.", "Fashion magazines.", "Popular music."], ["24 hours before departure.", "At the time of booking.", "Soon after the takeoff.", "At the time of landing."]], "questions": ["The services above are probably offered by   _  .", "Which of the following is not allowed according to the passage?", "If you turn on channel 5 on your armrest, what will you enjoy?", "When should a passenger request special meals for children and babies?"], "article": "Beverage Service  We serve a variety of soft drinks, coffee, tea and free of charge. However, as flying has a dehydrating effect, water and non-alcoholic beverages are recommended.\nElectronic Equipment    Cellphones, FM/AM radios, portable television sets and electronic toys with remote controls must not be used in the cabin, as their signals may interfere with the aircrafts navigational instruments. Laptop computers and CD (MD, MP3) players may be used during cruising portions of the flight but not during the takeoff and landing.\nInflight Entertainment    A wide selection of international publications are available for your reading pleasure. You may keep this free copy of Morning Calm magazine, but kindly return all other reading materials after you have finished with them for the benefit of fellow passengers. A selection of music is available on eight channels, from channel 3 to 10. The channel changer is on your armrest. We also offer a selection of popular films; you may listen in English on channel 2. Paduk (go) and chess are available on request, and we have free postcards and stationery.\nMedical Needs    We keep a selection of nonprescription medicine for any passenger suffering from mild sicknesses. An emergency medical kit is also available for more serious illnesses.\nTravelling with Infants and Children    Baby bassinets are provided on a first come first serve basis and should be requested at the time of booking. Special meals for children and infants can be served if the request is made 24 hours before departure. Selected giveaways for children aged 2 to 12 are available on all international flights.", "id": "high23036.txt"}