{"answers": ["C", "C", "C"], "options": [["He has created his buildings all by hand.", "He is not only an architect but also an artist.", "He is not good at using computers or drawing.", "He was a professional architect for 10 year."], ["It aims to teach children to build their buildings.", "It started after Adam Tucker finished all his projects.", "It includes some of the most famous buildings in the world.", "Most of the buildings at the exhibit were designed by children."], ["draw a large city map", "have a debate with Tucker", "create their own Lego buildings.", "help Tucker build the White House."]], "questions": ["Which of the following statements is NOT true about Adam Tucker?", "What do we know about the exhibit in the passage?", "In addition to having a look at Tucker's models, visitors can also   _  ."], "article": "Architecture lovers in Washington do not have to travel far to see some of the world's most famous buildings. Architect Adam Reed Tucker has recreated fifteen of them using Lego bricks. The exhibit is called \"LEGO Architecture: Towering Ambition.\" It is at the National Building Museum in Washington until early September. Faith Lapidus has more.\nLego bricks are small, color1ful plastic blocks. They can be snapped together to make any number of objects. They are popular with children of all ages around the world.\nAdam Reed Tucker calls himself an \"architectural artist\". He was a professional architect for ten years. After the terrorist attacks against the United States in two thousand one he decided to do something different. He wanted to express his feelings for the form of the skyscraper while deepening his understanding of architecture, engineering and construction. He chose to use something that most people used as children.\nTucker does all his work by hand, using only pictures of the buildings. He does not use any computers or drawings to plan his buildings. While the exhibit is going on, Tucker will be working on his latest work, the White House where the American president lives. Visitors can watch him create the famous building brick by brick.\nAfter walking through Tucker's models, visitors can create their own works at the building station. They can make houses, office buildings, stores or factories. They can then place their models on a large map of a city. As more visitors come, the Lego city will grow.\nTo many people, Legos might seem like toys for kids. But Adam Reed Tucker proves that  _ . To watch another Lego artist at work, go to 51voa.com and click on Captioned Videos.\nLowry Baker came from McLean, Virginia, to see the exhibit. Baker said, \"When we saw the models, there were just amazing. As soon as my son got a look at all of the stations here, he wanted to start building. It's really a great set-up. It really encourages creativity on the kids' part.\"", "id": "high23058.txt"}