{"answers": ["A", "B", "A"], "options": [["Puerto Rico belongs to the USA", "Puerto Rico is part of Spain", "Puerto Rico is an independent country", "Puerto Rico has the highest peak in Latin America"], ["Either new or old.", "A mixture of different peoples.", "Too many fast food restaurants.", "Either Spanish or American."], ["in the center of the country", "on a coastal plain", "near the Cordillera Central", "in the north of the country"]], "questions": ["It can be learned from the passage that   _  .", "What's the character of Puerto Rico?", "According to the passage, old volcanic mountains lie   _  ."], "article": "Puerto Rico may be part of the USA but its music and dance is a mixture of both Spanish and American rhythms . The country, as a result, is a mixture of the new and the old. It exhibits the open American way of life yet remains the more formal Spanish influences . This is showed in the buildings, not just the difference between the old and the modern in urban areas but also in the countryside, where older buildings sit side by side with schools and houses. It is found in the cooking, too many fast food restaurants together with local cooking which has its roots in the mixture of culture of all the Caribbean and in the music --- rock music is played in beach holiday centers but in the hilly center, Puerto Rican music can be heard. Old volcanic mountains, long motionless, take up a large part of the center, with the highest peak, Cerro de Punta, at 1,338 metre in the Cordillera Central. The mountains are surrounded by a coastal plain with the Atlantic shore beaches cooled all the year round by trade winds.\nThe population is 3.8 million, of which about 1.5 million live in San Juan, although about another two million Puerto Ricans live in the prefix = st1 /USA. The average life is 73.8 years and GDP per person is US$12, 212, the highest in Latin America, although not up to the level of mainlandUSA. The people are largely a mixture of Amerindian, Taino-Arawak, Spanish and African. Most Puerto Ricans do not speak English and less than 30% speak it well. The people are very friendly and _ but there is law-breaking action, linked to drugs and unemployment.", "id": "high23051.txt"}