{"answers": ["C", "A", "D", "B", "B"], "options": [["is carried on at the same time as other courses", "is given to anyone wanting to get a driver's license", "is offered to all the students of Grade Two in high school", "is considered as par  of the advanced education"], ["go out driving for twelve times", "spend at least six hours driving", "drive for two hours", "get half an hour driving each time"], ["Their age must conform to relevant regulations.", "They should go to have their driver's tests.", "They must have their eyes examined.", "They can take the driving test in their own schools."], ["Students who take the driving lessons don't need to learn laws and regulations.", "The car for driver's education has a sign on the rear window.", "Every student can pass the driving test only if he/she takes a course in driver's education.", "The road test in the driving test is more important than the other two ones."], ["happily", "successfully", "color1fully", "quickly"]], "questions": ["In America, the driver's course mentioned above", "We can infer that the students are required to_in their whole driving practice.", "Which of the following does NOT agree with the requirements for the students wanting to get their driver's licenses?", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?", "In the last sentence, \"with flying color1s\" means"], "article": "In prefix = st1 /America, drivers' education is part of high school. Every student in his or her second year of high school is required to take a course in drivers' education. However, unlike other courses, it isn't given during the regular school year. Instead, it is a summer course.\nThe course is divided into two parts: class time for learning the laws and regulations, and driving time for practice. The students study the basic traffic laws they must know to pass the written driving test, which is given to anyone who wants to get a driver's license.\nDriving time is a chance for the students to sit behind the steering wheel and practice all kinds of skills that are required to drive a car. Each student is required to drive for a total of six hours. The students are divided into groups of four. The students and the instructor go out driving for two hours. Thus, each student gets half an hour of driving time per outing. The instructor and the \"driver\" sit in the front seats and the other three students sit in the back.\nThe cars for drivers' education are different from other ears. In this kind of car there are two sets of brakes, one on the driver's side and the other on the instructor; s side. Thus, if the student driver runs into difficulties, the instructor can take over. This kind of car also has another special feature. On the rear window of the car is a sign that reads: STUDENT DRIVER. That lets nearby drivers know that they should be more careful because the student driver isn't very experienced.\nAfter the student has passed the drivers' education course and reached the proper age to drive, they can go to a designated state office to take the driving test, which is made up of an eye examination, a written test, and a road test. The student must pass all the three tests in order to get a driver's license. If the student does well in the drivers' education class, he or she will have no problem passing the test with flying color1s and getting licensed.", "id": "high23079.txt"}