{"answers": ["A", "C", "B"], "options": [["Because he smoked too much for his age.", "Because his parents were both heavy smokers.", "He fought against smoking.", "Because his parents forbid him to smoke."], ["are seen as anti-social people.", "sometimes worry about their health.", "can't realize the harm to them.", "receive good education."], ["the government is in favor of smoking", "smoking is not considered a bad thing.", "tobacco companies encourage people to smoke.", "the youth have formed the habit of smoking."]], "questions": ["Why did the Indonesian boy hit the headlines?", "Indonesians who smoke regularly   _  .", "It's not easy to forbid the youth to smoke because  _  ."], "article": "In Indonesian 2-year-old boy who hit the headlines last month due to a 40-a-day cigarette addiction has reportedly cut down to 15-a-day from 40, after the child received treatment.\n     Images of a two-year-old boy smoking cigarettes have shocked people in Indonesia. The little boy, Ardi Rizal from Sumatra, is addicted to nicotine and smokes 40 cigarettes a day. His father, Mohammed Rizal, thinks there's no problem with his son's bad habit. He told reporters that his child looked healthy and that it was the only thing that was important. He went on to explain how Ardi took up smoking when he was 18 months old. That was when he gave his son his first cigarette. Now he's totally  _ ; he screams if his father doesn't let him smoke.\n     Ardi's story is part of a worrying trend in Indonesia. It has one of the worst smoking records in the world, with a population of 250 million people. Government statistics show 25 percent of Indonesia teenagers have smoked and that about 3 percent are regular smokers. \n     Indonesia is the world's third largest smoking nation. It is reported that over a third of the country smokes, and 90% of the country's smokers smoke a native cigarette which has twice the levels of tat and nicotine in an average cigarette used around the world. Cigarettes are everywhere and smoking is still seen as a socially acceptable practice. Many people in the country do not know the health risks connected with smoking.\nHealth Minister Endang Sedyaningsih said preventing youngsters from smoking would be very difficult because people believe smoking is a good thing. She said tobacco companies are well like because they sponsor many things from education to sporting and public events. She added, \" This is the challenge we face in protecting youth from the danger of smoking\".", "id": "high23087.txt"}