{"answers": ["B", "D", "C", "C"], "options": [["learn more knowledge about history", "have an experience of an astronaut", "live a meaningful and interesting life", "learn how to take care of themselves"], ["many of the activities are very dangerous", "their parents don't allow them to go", "there aren't any special programs at the center", "they are unlikely to look after themselves well"], ["strong", "brave", "creative", "clever"], ["Being An Astronaut Every Kid's Dream.", "Special Training for Space Camp.", "Attending Space Camp in Huntsville,Alabama.", "Special Programs for Youngsters"]], "questions": ["The kids dream of going to the Space Camp in order to", "Kids under twelve can't go to the Space Camp because", "The classes find activities at Space Camp can make kids", "What's the best title of the passage?"], "article": "Attending the Space Camp organized by NASA at prefix = st1 /Huntsville,Alabamais every kid's dream. It gives them the real life experience of what it is like to be an astronaut. It enriches their life with the most meaningful and interesting experiences. Most of these one-week programs are combined with other community programs. \nAs expected, there is an age limit at the Space Camp in Alabamawith the full camp program being offered only to kids of twelve and above. Many of the activities organized at the camp are likely to be difficult for younger kids, and kids need to be old enough to stay for the week away from home. However, some special programs are offered at the center even for younger kids. \nThe programs and activities at Space Camp are to awaken creativity. There are exercises in classes and discussions about the history of the space program. These classes include the Russian space program as well as the United Statesprogram. Trips to the museum are also provided for an educational experience. \nAll those who attend the Space Camp go through a sort of training. They wear space suits to get the feeling of being an astronaut. They are taken into simulators   to learn how to fly spacecrafts like the shuttle. And they experience the feeling of weightlessness in the zero gravity simulations. What's more, they even have equipment designed to give them the experience of walking on the moon. \nSpace Camp is an effective and fun way to bring an interest in space and science. Kids will go through a practical program in a learning atmosphere that transports them far away from their location in Huntsville.Alabama.", "id": "high23080.txt"}