{"answers": ["A", "D", "A"], "options": [["has a bathroom", "has a colorful telephone in the local style", "is colorful and modern with local style", "is in an international style, comfortable and convenient."], ["go fishing off Cape St. Cermain near wainiri", "go by bus to the Wainiri Islands for peach", "see amounts of sea lives off the coast of Wainiri", "go across to the Wainiri Islands to swim or fish"], ["on the beach not far from Nanoko's excellent shops", "on the beach where you will find all that money can buy", "close to shops where everything is cheap and famous", "just off the coast, five minutes from the shops"]], "questions": ["Every bedroom at the Garden Hotel   _  .", "The hotel arranges for the visitors to   _  .", "You will find the Garden Hotel   _  ."], "article": "When you are in Nanoko, be sure to stay at the Garden Hotel, whether you come on business or on holiday you will find everything as comfortable and convenient as you would expect in a first class international hotel.\nEvery bedroom has its own bathroom, telephone, and colorful modern materials and furniture in the local style. In the Mistu Restaurant, you can choose your meals from a lot of dishes, both Eastern and European, as you will find anywhere in the country. In the Beach Bar, you can drink with your family and friends in air-conditioned comfort, listen to the music of internationally known artists. Or you can take your drink outside into the beautiful garden that gives the hotel its name, or to the tables that surround the swimming pool. Throughout the motel, you will find the service is both friendly and efficient.\nBy day the pool is alive with the holiday spirit and the happy shouting of children and by night, soft light and music make it a perfect place for a party, or simply for an after-dinner drink and conversation.\nThe Garden Hotel has its own minibus service. Give us a ring and we will arrange to collect you at the airport or in the city center.\nIf you prefer, we can arrange for you to visit the wainiri Islands that lie just off the coast. Here you can swim in peace; or you can fish there. As it is well known, Wainiri is really a good place for people going fishing. The Garden Hotel is right on the beach, only five minutes from Nanoko's modern shopping center. Here you will find all that money can buy, at prices you can afford.", "id": "high2308.txt"}