{"answers": ["B", "C", "A", "D"], "options": [["tourism is not the key to local economy", "new ways can recover the Tsaatan community", "wildlife conservation is a major concern", "international cooperation makes a difference"], ["building a community and visitor center", "providing services for travelers", "doing research treating reindeer diseases", "working as guides for tourists"], ["the  Local people will lose economic resource.", "The Tsaatan community will have to move to another place.", "The Tsaatan community will  also die out gradually.", "Another anirnal will be raised by the Tsaatan instead of reindeer."], ["Tte Tsaatan used to control the services for travelers to the community.", "Morgan Keay is a Mongolian devoted to environmental conservation", "The Mongolian government had designed a development plan for the community.", "Money got from the visitor centre is managed by the community now."]], "questions": ["The writer mainly intends to convey the message that", "With the help of Itgel, the Tsaatan did the following EXCEPT", "What if reindeer in the Tsaatan community have died out according to the passage?", "Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the text?"], "article": "In far northern prefix = st1 /Mongolia, the living of the smallest ethnic group in the country--the Tsaatan community depends on a kind of animal reindeer.\nAn American named Morgan Keay visited the Tsaatan community when she was studying in Mongoliain 2002. Local leaders told her that the animals were not healthy and the number of reindeer was. getting too small to support the community.\nBack in the United States, Morgan Keay and a friend who had also studied inMongoliastarted an organization. They named it Itgel the Mongolian word for \"hope\".\nThe Itgel Foundation has helped bring foreign scientists to Mongoliato research and treat reindeer diseases. They also helped Tsaatan workers build a community and visitor center. The building includes guest rooms for tourists. The Tsaatan not only work as guides, they now provide services for travelers. The community works in partnership with international tour operators, who had formerly been in control of the services.\nPeople in the community designed the center, which they also own and manage. Before the visitor center was built, families earned an average of 100 dollars a year. Now Morgan Keay says the average is 3 to 4 times that. Money also goes into a community account.\nFour years ago the Tsaatan had fewer than 500 reindeer. Now the herd has already reached 900.\nMorgan Keay says the Tsaatan are becoming economically independent for the first time.\nThe Mongolian government is now considering a development plan written by the community that deals with education, health, the environment and economics.", "id": "high23094.txt"}