{"answers": ["B", "A"], "options": [["The number of US public relations agencies had greatly decreased by 1991.", "Other countries have increased their efforts in public relations.", "On the global scale, cultural differences have significantly shrunk.", "The British companies are becoming especially sophisticated and creative in public relations."], ["an American", "a Briton", "Ted Turner", "an Asian"]], "questions": ["What is the immediate cause of the downfall of America's public relations?", "It could be inferred that the author of the passage is  _  ."], "article": "The rise of multinational corporations  , global marketing, new communications technologies, and shrinking cultural differences have led to an unparalleled increase in global public relations or PR.\nSurprisingly, since modern PR was largely an American invention, America's relations is being threatened by PR efforts in other countries. Ten years ago, for example, the world's top five public relations agencies were American-owned. In 1991, only one was. The British in particular are becoming more sophisticated and creative. A recent survey found that more than half of all British companies include PR as part of their corporate   planning activities, compared to about one-third of U.S. companies.It may not be long before London replaces New York as the capital of PR.\nWhy is America lagging behind in the global PR race? Firstly, Americans as a whole tend to be fairly provincial and take more of an interest in local affairs. Knowledge of world geography, for example, has never been strong in this country. Secondly, Americans lag behind their European and Asian counterparts   in knowing a second language. Less than 5 percent of Burson--Marshall's U.S.employees know two languages. Ogilvy and Mather have about the same percentage. Conversely, some European firms have half or more of their employees fluent in a second language. Finally, people involved in PR abroad tend to keep a closer eye on international affairs. In the financial PR area, for instance, most Americans read the Wall Street Journal. Overseas, their counterparts read the Journal as well as the Financial Times of London and The Economist, publications not often read in this country.\nPerhaps the PR industry might take a lesson from Ted Turner of CNN (Cable News Network). Turner recently announced that the word \"foreign\" would no longer be used on CNN news\nbroadcasts. According to Turner, global communications have made the nations of the world so interdependent that there is no longer any such thing as foreign.", "id": "high2309.txt"}