{"answers": ["B", "A", "A", "D", "A"], "options": [["more popular today", "less popular today", "as popular as before", "getting more and more popular"], ["the front page", "the sports page", "the headlines", "the classified advertisements"], ["The ones with interesting pictures and exciting headlines on the front page.", "The ones with sports news on the front page.", "The ones with classified ads on the front page.", "The ones with gossip columns on the front page."], ["the sports page", "comics", "advertisements", "the real news"], ["sympathetic", "critical", "negative", "undetermined"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, newspaper are   _  .", "We can know from the passage that the newspaper editors think the important part of the newspaper is   _  .", "According to the author, which of the following newspaper will most probably attract the reader's attention?", "According to the passage, most people read all of the following except   _  .", "The author's attitude toward newspaper is   _  ."], "article": "Newspapers are not nearly as popular today as they were in the past. There are not very many people who seriously read a newspaper every day. Most people read only the sports pages, the advice or the gossip columns, the comics, and perhaps the classified advertisements. Most people don't take the time to read the real news. They attempt to catch the reader's interest with pictures and exciting headlines. These techniques are used on the front page because it is the first thing you see when you pick up the paper. The first page attracts attention and encourages the reader to look through the rest of the paper. This is why editors always look for a good first page story and headline to make them stop and look. If the headline is horrible enough or frightening enough or wild enough, perhaps they will go on to read the front page anymore. They may read the headlines, but that is all, then they turn to the sports page, or comics, or advertisements. It seems that people do not want the news from a newspaper anymore. They say they get the news on the television now.\n    More people watch television news because it is easier and more interesting than reading a newspaper. What about you? Do you read news from a newspaper? Do you think it is easier to get the news from television? Or do you care about news at all? Would you mind if there were no news?", "id": "high23097.txt"}