{"answers": ["B", "A", "C", "A"], "options": [["the importance of living a long and healthy life.", "the tips of living a long and healthy life.", "the reasons of living a long and healthy life.", "the meaning of living a long and healthy life"], ["Try to be humorous and happy.", "Keep laugh all the time ,", "Have a good mood.", "Exercise every day."], ["Removing what could make you fall in the house can make you always safe..", "Being involved with your community maybe take you too much time.", "Regular check-ups can prevent serious illnesses at the very beginning.", "Jogging with a friend is better than walking on the beach in the mornings,"], ["By giving the definition.", "By following the order of space", "By explaining the reasons.", "By finding some problems"]], "questions": ["In this passage, the writer wants to tell us    _  .", "What should you do to keep a positive attitude?", "Which is the TRUE according to the text?", "How does the author organize the passage?"], "article": "Today, due to numerous medical and scientific advances, people are living longer than ever before. But you have to be good to your body, mind, and soul. The following tips are a good start for getting you on your way to living a long and healthy life.\n    Eat a balanced diet -- one that is rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and fiber and low in saturated fat, trans fat, and cholesterol. A well-balanced diet can provide your body with the essential nutrients needed to achieve and maintain optimum health.\n  Be physically active -- try to incorporate 30 minutes of activity into your day, every day. The options are endless; start walking on the beach in the mornings, try jogging with a friend, or go for a bike ride in the afternoons. Make sure you choose activities that you enjoy, that way you'll be more likely to make them a habit.\n    Get regular preventive check-ups --see your doctor regularly; remember your doctor is your partner in health care. By having regular check-ups, you may be able to catch small problems before they become big ones.\n    Be safe -- use common sense and be streetsmart  . Don't put yourself in situations that are questionable. Always wear your seatbelt and bike helmet. Don't go for a run, walk, or jog at night by yourself. Keep your home well lit and free of things that could make you fall.\n    Stay in touch with family and friends -- get to know your neighbors. Take the time to be involved with your community. By creating a strong social network, you will not only have friends to celebrate with when good things happen, but also a support system in difficult times.\n    Keep a positive attitude -- studies have shown that people who have a positive attitude tend to live longer, and lead healthier and happier lives. Try to find the humor in life. And remember to laugh.", "id": "high23099.txt"}