{"answers": ["C", "D", "D", "B", "A"], "options": [["Tui Na is a whole-body treatment and can't be divided into different parts.", "Tui Na can be used to balance the diseases before they can develop in the body.", "Tui Na can bring back not only physical health but also emotional health.", "Tui Na only makes people \"feel good\" but do not actually cure disease."], ["By linking the organ to an emotion.", "By saying anything one does not want to.", "By discussing their problems with others.", "By balancing the energy in the related organ."], ["the patient will suffer from eye problems", "the patient will have a lot to worry about", "the patient will have nothing to do", "the patient will not feel like doing anything"], ["only by using Tui Na can a patient get rid of his ill emotion", "the discomfort of an organ will result in a certain ill emotion.", "Tui Na treatment is easy for people to master.", "Tui Na treatment is the most suitable for those living in China"], ["Tui Na and Your Health", "Organs and emotions", "How to Deal with Your Emotions", "Tui Na, the best choice of Chinese People"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, which statement is TRUE about Tui Na?", "How can the emotion be calmed by Tui Na?", "When the stomach is out of balance,   _  .", "It can be concluded from the passage that   _  .", "What would be the best title for this passage?"], "article": "In traditional Chinese medicine, the body, mind and spirit cannot be divided and so the unique whole-body treatment in Tui Na can also be a useful treatment correcting any imbalances in the body's energy before symptoms and disease can develop. It also works to bring back emotional peace as well as physical health. This is why after a Tui Na treatment many people \"feel good\". Many people in China use Tui Na regularly to keep healthy and to deal with some specific illnesses.\nTui Na is performed on the clothed body and the patient is either lying on a couch or sitting on a chair. Therapists , by using a variety of movements, will control the intensity  and direction of pressure in an exact way. The unique rolling movement in Tui Na is one of the most difficult movements to learn and students have to practice sometimes for many months on a rice bag before they are allowed to practice on the human body.\nStress  Tui Na is of course very useful for treating stress.\nIt spreads the energy around the whole body. It is believed that Tui Na moves the strong energy in the tight muscles to the weaker areas, thus making a more balanced body. When your energy flowing inside your body is balanced, you feel relaxed and comfortable. Tui Na is especially useful for  _ shoulders and tight neck muscles.\nEmotions  In Traditional Chinese Medicine each major organ  is linked to an emotion. By balancing the energy in the organ, the related emotion will be calmed. When your emotions are out of control, you would usually turn to your doctor or perhaps a psychotherapist  . But perhaps some people would not like to be seeing a psychotherapist or feel nervous about discussing their problems with others. With Tui Na, one does not need to tell the therapist anything one does not want to. The treatment of Tui Na can deal with the problem itself. But if one does need to pour out his/her worries or troubles, an active dialogue between the psychotherapist and the patient will help to get a better effect.\nOrgans & Emotions  Each major organ -- the heart, the stomach, the liver  , the lungs, and etc.--are linked to a relevant emotion.\nThe heart is linked to joy, excitement and sadness. If the heart is out of balance, the patient may dream a lot at night and often forget something important in the day.\nThe stomach is connected with too much thinking or worrying about anxiety. When the stomach is out of balance there is often a lack of energy. The patient often feels very tired and has no interest in doing anything at all.\nThe liver is linked to anger. In Chinese medicine, the eyes are connected with the liver, and many people who suffer from anger often suffer from eye problems. The lung rules decision-making and too much energy here can lead to rashness  , while if there is too little, it can bring about indecision. When there is a history of depression with a patient, it may have effect on the liver. ks5u\nTui Na can help release most of the discomfort and it is used in almost all the hospitals in China and very popular among Chinese people. It is a useful and valuable method for the balance of your energy flowing, when emotional and physical health is out of balance. Tui Na is one of the remaining secrets of Chinese medicine.", "id": "high23093.txt"}