{"answers": ["B", "B"], "options": [["its poses", "its temperature", "its special clothes", "its special yoga mat"], ["It is the most popular and effective exercise.", "It works the muscles and forces out toxins.", "It makes people get used to high temperature.", "It prevents heat stroke and chronic disease."]], "questions": ["Hot yoga is different from regular yoga in   _  .", "Why do people take up hot yoga?"], "article": "Hot yoga is not terribly different from regular yoga. You will do the same poses and will need a yoga mat. However, the catch is that the temperature will be at least 100 degrees Fahrenheit and sometimes higher. The heat is what makes this type of yoga not for everyone. Regardless of your overall health, talk to your doctor before taking a hot yoga class and let your doctor know that you plan to take one.\nI personally cannot do hot yoga due to a condition that is greatly worsened by temperature extremes, so I am an example of someone who cannot do this form of exercise. I do regular yoga just fine, but the temperature of 100 degrees Fahrenheit would be severely uncomfortable and possibly dangerous.\nThe climate is said to help with muscle flexibility and you will sweat like there is no tomorrow-- which is believed to force out more toxins .It is important to keep in mind that even if you are in good health, the high temperatures can take some getting used to. You may want to start with a shorter class and work your way up.\nYou will be sweating greatly in hot yoga temperatures. Drink plenty of water before, during and after your class. It is also important to pay attention to your body. If you are feeling very tired, it is time to sit down and get some water. You should also remove yourself from the hot environment, but not into a very cold environment. For example, just go into a hallway--a place that is at a normal temperature and start to drink some water.\nThings like heat stroke are possible with this type of yoga. These issues are most often seen in those over 60 years of age, but younger people with chronic health problems are also at risk. Anyone can fall victim to heat stroke. Children are also especially vulnerable to heat stroke, so leave the kids at home while you attend your yoga class.\nIf during class you ever start to feel bad or weak, immediately stop and tell your instructor so that he or she can get you help. Do not try to finish the class.", "id": "high23103.txt"}