{"answers": ["D", "B"], "options": [["be a valuable food source for animals", "survive the fierce storms in summer", "provide seeds and oil", "be useful in many aspects"], ["weather conditions are always decisive factors in agriculture", "some crops can help farmers to fight against extreme weather", "agriculture is developing fast in the world", "the species of the world are changing quickly"]], "questions": ["Vetiver grass is planted because it can   _  .", "From this passage we may safely conclude that   _  ."], "article": "Farmers may not be able to prevent natural disasters, but they can at least try their best to reduce losses. \nFor example, they can plant crops that are more likely to survive extreme weather. In north-central Vietnam, people with small farms do not plant rice between September and December. Seasonal rains might destroy the rice. So instead, they plant lotus seeds on raised beds. The United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization says the lotus seeds  _ .\nFarmers in the Philippines are showing new interest in crops like winged beans, string beans, arrowroot and cassava. The Asian Disaster Preparedness Center says traditional crops like these can survive the fierce storms that often strike the islands. \nThe United Nations says some African farmers grow bambara groundnuts during long dry periods. The seeds of this drought-resistant plant can be boiled for eating or for making flour. \nIn some parts of the world, farmers grow vetiver grass. Researchers in Thailand wrote about vetiver in 2007 in the journal Science Asia. They noted that the grass can absorb and control the spread of harmful waste waters, like those from pig farms.\nAgricultural expert and author William Rivera says vetiver resists difficult conditions. It reduces damage from heavy rains. And vetiver planted on earthen dams may strengthen them against breaks and flooding. \nWilliam Rivera also speaks approvingly of alfalfa. Its deep roots can find and take up groundwater. Those roots also help hold the soil against winds. And alfalfa can be a valuable food source for animals.\nThe deep and extensive roots of sunflowers make them another good candidate for resisting extreme conditions. The tall plants have brightly color1ed heads that provide seeds and oil. \nNorth Dakota grows more hectares of sunflowers than any other American state. But North Dakota is better known as a top wheat producing state. \nHans Kandel works at the North Dakota State University Extension Service in Fargo. He says farmers in some parts of North Dakota plant wheat that is ready to harvest in only about one hundred days. That way it can grow before the hot, dry months of July through September.", "id": "high23102.txt"}