{"answers": ["A", "C", "D"], "options": [["to different cities in Greece", "from Greece to other countries", "to tourist attractions in Greece", "from Greece to its bordering  countries"], ["taxis", "cars", "guided Greece bus tours", "air-conditioned express buses"], ["know more about the bus schedules", "make friends with the conductors", "learn more about bus systems in Greece", "learn something about the place you're visiting"]], "questions": ["The company KTEL offers bus services  _  .", "If you are a tourist of Greece from oversea , you'd better choose  _  .", "While taking long-distance buses, you can  _  ."], "article": "Greece is one of the most beautiful countries of the world. Millions of tourists visit this place every year. In Greece the bus is the most convenient and preferred means of travelling. There are intercity  buses operated by KTEL that interconnect  various cities of Greece, and there are international buses operated by OSE that connect Greece to other European cities.\nEvery tourist must visit Greece at least once in life. This country is really a vacation heaven. It is the perfect blend of history and art with adventure and romance. You can dive into deep blue waters, climb up the mountains or enjoy ancient architecture and history.\nBuses in Greece are cheap and very comfortable. All bus stations display schedules of buses on every route. Conductors and drivers are very polite and helpful. Travelers never face any trouble locating and boarding buses to their destinations. Tourists can always ask the conductor to inform them about their stop, so that they can get down at the right stop. Everyone here is more than happy to help tourists.\nAthens, the capital of Greece, has three bus terminals. Buses to different part of Greece leave from different terminals.\nAir-conditioned express buses  also operated between major cities. They are faster and more comfortable than other buses. Tourists can choose guided Greece bus tour. These tours are the perfect way of exploring this great country.\nBuses in Greece are also a great way of saving  _ on the journey. The long-distance bus system is very cheap. Buses save a lot of money to cover long distances, cheaper than taxis or cars. They are also the best means of interacting with local people. You can sit next to a native Greece and get some information about the place.", "id": "high23111.txt"}