{"answers": ["D", "B", "C"], "options": [["The Causes of Planetary Changes.", "The Influence of Ecological Devastation", "The Ways of Building a Sustainable Future", "Environmental Damage and the Human Future"], ["Humans shouldn't try to improve their lifestyles.", "The future we'll have depends on every one of us.", "The ecological devastation is coming to a stop soon.", "The future of humans can be determined ahead of time."], ["indifferent", "negative", "serious", "humorous"]], "questions": ["Which is the best title for the text?", "What opinion does the author most probably hold?", "The author's attitude in writing this text is   _  ."], "article": "Planetary changes which will have an influence on many are drawing near because of the poor ecological   state of the planet. Actually change has already begun through climate changes, but most humans haven't noticed this yet. Climate change has begun to influence the world already and will begin to worsen within the next few years. Around 2020 most people will begin to see that the results of climate change will be far more serious than now understood.\nAs the planet is under big geological  stresses, which are continuously increasing, it will in the future no longer be able to support its population. Scarcity   of resources, over-farming, lack of clean air, not enough clean drinking water and drought are some of the issues that will all play a much greater role in the near future.\nHumans have caused large ecological devastation  . The lifestyles of many people are improving at a fast speed; however, this will finally result in a lack of some precious resources. When this scarcity begins to happen, people will no longer be able to have sustainable   lifestyles.\nIt's important to understand that everyone plays a role in the whole process of life. Each person's decision can finally affect the future. These decisions, all combined, can have good effect on what the future will be like for humans. So the future depends on the choices we make at the present moment.\nWhile more and more people are becoming aware of climate change and other environmental problems related to global warming, not all are fully understanding how far-reaching its effects will be. Unfortunately, most of the humans are aware that the planet isn't functioning well, but they don't understand that this is creating a major problem for the future survival of humans.\nSo, every person should make the necessary changes to reduce their influence on the environment and help create a more sustainable future.", "id": "high23114.txt"}