{"answers": ["B", "C", "D"], "options": [["computer viruses are not so as destructive as mobile phone viruses", "people should be careful when receiving e-mails", "people find it difficult to use electronic equipment correctly", "having electronic money accounts brings people a lot of convenience"], ["You can't hear the person who answers the phone clearly", "You can't send e-mails with your mobile phone", "your phone bill increases for unknown reasons", "You can hear other people's phone conversations"], ["Government officials", "Virus spreading experts", "Electronic scientists", "Mobile phone users"]], "questions": ["It can be inferred from the passage that   _  .", "Which of the following shows that your mobile phone is infected with a virus?", "For whom is the passage written?"], "article": "When people talk of a virus these days, chances are that they are talking about computer virus that have the power wipe out all the valuable work people may have stored in their computers. Imagine, the virus has the power to make military systems, giant banks, airports, hospitals and traffic system come to stop!\nWhat does a computer virus do? It targets electronic objects that are programmed. The virus spreads through connections between these electronic objects. For virus spreading experts, e-mail is a favorite method of sending their destructive   weapon.\nBut scientists warn that this is not the worst that can happen. There is more. People are also connected through phones. The next virus may actually target mobile phones, especially those that are programmed to do many tasks apart from just communicating. It would then be easy for a virus to infect those programs and create major disorder.\nFor example, these virus may have the power to record your phone conversations and make others hear them. They create problems with your electronic money accounts, or they could create a mountain of telephone bills for calls you never made. And that would be a disaster. A report on this was published in the New Scientist recently.\nOne way out would be to have simpler phones with not so many different functions. This would mean there would mean there would be fewer programs for the virus to attack. But mobile phone producers are _ . People on longer want an electronic item to perform just one task. They want more and more functions added. That would mean more software programs to make the mobile phone perform all those functions. And that means the possibility of more viruses.", "id": "high2312.txt"}