{"answers": ["C"], "options": [["They often deal with their work in a disorganized way.", "They can't balance their work with family life well.", "They often drink a lot and always get drunk at work.", "They are sometimes driven to work by a controlling habit."]], "questions": ["Which of the following is Not the characteristic of workaholics?"], "article": "There's a big distinction between working hard and being a workaholic. \nWorking hard involves being organized, focused, getting a lot of work done, knowing when to stop, and having a life other than work. Workaholics, on the other hand, are often disorganized, always find reasons for working more, feel lost without work to do, hide from problems through work, don't know how or when to relax, bring work home from the office, can't communicate well with fellow workers and family members, and have unbalanced, one-dimensional lives. \nWorkaholics, like those who are constantly drunk, suffer from a controlling habit, usually defined as compelling behavior despite negative consequences. They are sometimes pushed into their habit by their work beliefs, by workaholic role models, and by a work system that automatically sanctions workaholism. Despite lip service to the contrary (\"a balanced employee is a productive employee\"), most employers want loyal employees who work longer hours, rewarding them with higher pay and better benefits. _ Certainly, they hazard their jobs by working normal hours. Americans tend to become trapped in a materialist work-and-spend cycle, that leads them to ratchet up their expectations.\nAccording to some psychology counselors, workaholism can be both good and bad for us. It can fuel a sense of self-worth and accomplishment. And we get paid for it and praised for it, which produces good feelings we may not necessarily be able to attain in other parts of our lives. As a matter of fact, workaholism is a problem that has been evident since the Stone Age whenever people have sought to escape other parts of their lives through work. And psychology counselors have noticed three types of workaholics who generally share the same features.", "id": "high23133.txt"}