{"answers": ["D", "A", "C"], "options": [["how the brain works", "why some memories fade away", "the encoding variability hypothesis", "the neuroimaging research"], ["Something that activates the same regions of the brain again and again.", "Something that is linked to only one setting.", "Something that activates different neutral responses.", "Something that you have seen once for a long time."], ["in a traveling handbook.", "In a geography book.", "In a newspaper.", "In an advertisement."]], "questions": ["The passage is mainly about   _  .", "Which of the following things can be most easily remembered according to Russell Poldrack?", "Where can we most probably find the passage?"], "article": "Faces that activate the same regions of the brain again and again are more likely to be remtembered. Practice makes perfect when it comes to remembering things, but exactly how that works has long been a mystery. A study published in Science recently indicates that reactivating neural  patterns over and over again my store items into the memory.\n      People find it easier to recall things if material is presented repeatedly at well-spaced intervals rather than all at once. For example, you're more likely to remember a face that your've seen on some occasions over a few days than one that you've seen once in one long period. One reason that a face linked to many different contexts -such as school, work and home- is easier to recognize than one that is associated with just one setting, such as a party, could be that there are some ways to access the memory. This idea, called the encoding variability hypothesis ,was proposed by psychologists about 40 years ago.\n    Each different context or setting activates a clear set of brain regions; the hypothesis suggests that it is these differing neural responses that improve the memory. But neuroimaging research led by Russell Poldrack, a scientist at the University of Texas. Austin, now suggests that the opposite is true--items are better remembered when they activate the same neural patterns with each exposure.\n    Poldrack's team measured brain activity in 24 people using functional magnetic resonance imaging. The subjects saw 120 unfamiliar faces, and each one repeated four times at varying intervals during the scan. One hour later, they were shown the faces again, mixed with 120 new ones, and asked to rate the familiarity of each.\n    The researchers then looked at the brain responses that had been recorded when the subjects wee first shown the faces, focusing on 20 brain regions associated with visual perception and memory. Face that were later recognized evoked similar activation patterns at each repetition in nine of the regions, particularly those associated with object and face perception; faces that were later forgotten did not produce such pattern to the same extent in people's mind", "id": "high23137.txt"}