{"answers": ["B", "D", "D"], "options": [["A high quality of life because of the development of technology.", "A low quality of life because of bad health and limited money.", "A high quality of life because of the increase in food price.", "A low quality of life because of the present government."], ["The present pension system isn't quite useful.", "People nowadays don't need the pension at all.", "More and more people ask the government to do so.", "The present pension system is unfair for future generation."], ["The retirement age will be raised to 70 or beyond.", "The government will provide job chances for the retired.", "The State pension age for men is different from that for women.", "It will increase the government's pressure if more children live to 100."]], "questions": ["What kind of life will people living to 100 probably face?", "Why should the government at present reform the State pension system?", "What can be inferred from the text?"], "article": "More than one in four children alive in Britain today will celebrate their 100thbirthday, official figures showed. The special figure shows a huge social change, with today's children likely to survive far longer than their parents or grandparents. Of the 12.4 million children aged 16 and under, 3.3 million(27%)will become someone who is a hundred years old or more. In a class of 30 children, eight can live to be 100. And the rest of the children are likely to get to an old age, even though they will not make it to three figures.\nExperts warned that children may live to 100, but that they will not get their State pension until they are 70 or beyond. The State pension age is rising to 66 for both men and women by 2020, and the Government has warned it will continue to rise. Laith Khalaf, a pension expert, said, \"Living to an old age is lucky if you can afford it, but a  _ if you can't. Those without enough savings will be depending on the State pension which will be changed.\"\nIt also increases the possibility of millions of people surviving until their 100thbirthday with a poor quality of life because of poor health and little money. Millions of older people have no pensions, no savings and no plans about how they are going to pay for their retirement other than to carry on working. If the older population demands more resources ,then it has to come from their own wealth or the government.\nLaith said, \"Millions of people will be spending over a third of their lives in retirement. It is high time that we reformed the State pension system. We want to make it fair for future generation.\"", "id": "high23146.txt"}