{"answers": ["C", "D", "C"], "options": [["the dam project has been prevented", "the first three activists are all from Asia", "a European company is going to dig for nickel", "Ma June is trying to stop oil and gas exploration"], ["She plans to build a road to protect the forest.", "She is in charge of a project far away from the road.", "She persuaded the government to set her followers free.", "Her environmental action has been widely acknowledged."], ["Six Advanced Individuals for Hard Work", "Efforts to Create a Clean and Beautiful World", "Six Environmental Activists Win Goldman Prize", "The Goldman Environmental Foundation Prize"]], "questions": ["We can know from the passage that   _  .", "What do we know about Evgenia Chirikova?", "What would be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "The Goldman Environmental Foundation recently recognized a group of individuals   for their efforts to protect the environment. Each year, the American-based group honors environmental activists from six different areas.\nThe first three winners of the 2012 Goldman Prize are from Kenya, the Philippines and China. \nThe Goldman Environmental Foundation says Ikal Angelei is a hero to those who live around Lake Turkana. The Kenyan woman received the award because of her efforts to stop a dam project on a river in Ethiopia. Critics say the dam will harm the lake and restrict   the flow of water for people who live nearby. \nThe Philippine island of Mindoro is home to those who depend on the area's natural resources for food and jobs. Edwin Gariguez became concerned when a European company announced plans to mine for nickel   on the island. The Roman Catholic minister said waste materials from the mining project would pollute the water and destroy the forests. So he started a campaign to stop the project.\nIn China, Ma June is working with businesses to clean up their pollution. He formed a group that collects information about pollution, and publishes it on the Internet. \nThe Goldman Prize was also awarded to activists from Argentina, Russia and the United States. \nSofia Gatica of Argentina is from a town where farmers commonly use pesticide   products to protect soybean crops from insects. The town also has a high rate of cancer. Miz Gatica believed that pesticide use was responsible for the death of her baby. She worked with other mothers to get government officials to ban the use of chemicals near populated areas.\nEvgenia Chirikova objects to the plans to build a road through a protected forest just outside Moscow. She has demanded that Russian officials redirect the road away from the forest. She and her followers have been arrested for their activities. However, their campaign has gained widespread public support.\nThe sixth winner is American Caroline Cannon -- a community leader in Point Hope, Alaska. Miz Cannon is fighting to keep Arctic waters safe from oil and gas exploration.", "id": "high23143.txt"}