{"answers": ["C", "B", "C"], "options": [["He was all for it.", "He was strongly against it.", "He was greatly puzzled.", "He was very angry."], ["He kept all the rejected animals in a large shelter.", "He let the animals adopted by people who visited the shelter.", "He sold some of the animals and get some money.", "He delivered the animals to the local government."], ["Being Rich is Important", "Animals, Our Best Friends", "No Pet Left behind", "The Winograd Family"]], "questions": ["What was his father's response when Nathan Winograd left his job as a lawyer in California?", "How did Winograd successfully save so many animals?", "Which could be the best title of the passage?"], "article": "When Nathan Winograd announced that he was leaving his job as a lawyer in California to run an animal shelter in Tompkins County, New York, his father looked at him for a long minute and then asked, \"What do dogs and cats need a lawyer for?\"\nThe move meant giving up eight weeks' vacation, an office with a view of the San Francisco Bay and a big house among the redwoods, and moving to a rural area know for its harsh winters. But Winograd's wife, Jennifer, also an animal lover, was all for it. So they packed everything they owned, and with two young children, plus two dogs, and a bunch of cats Winograd had rescued, drove cross--country.\nOn the second day, they had no room for six more puppies they received. They found an old horse trough, filled it with hay and nestled the animals inside. They placed it next to the front desk, and within a day or two, all six had homes, adopted by people who walked into the shelter and couldn't resist.\nBlind dogs, cats with missing limbs--all find homes. \"There is no dog or cat too old,  too\nugly or too undesirable not to be adopted by someone,\" says Winograd.\n    Today, Tompkins County is considered the only no-kill county in the United States. Nine out of ten dogs cats that come through the shelter doors are saved. Only animals with incurable injuries or illnesses, and the truly evil, are put down. The national average is half of all dogs and 70 percent of cats, totaling more than four million animals last year alone.\nEven though he drives an old car that leaks when it rains, and his family lives on a tight budget while his classmates from Stanford Law earn six-figure salaries, Winograd says he's doing what he'd always wanted to do when he grew up; run an animal shelter and save all the animals.\nAs a young district lawyer, he kept his goal in mind, starting when he raised his first animal cruelty case. A man was accused of intentionally setting his brown cat on fire. Winograd made his case, and the abusive owner was sentenced to prison.\nIt was the first of many such cases, and he raised each with vigor. But the senseless violence, neglect and ignorance never failed to shock him. He decided simply, \"I need to get to the other side and start saving these animals.\"\nNow, Winograd is helping to save thousands, even millions, \"I'm convinced that a no kill nation is possible, I'm just here trying to shorten the time until it arrives.\"", "id": "high23152.txt"}