{"answers": ["D", "C", "C"], "options": [["she was tired of cafeteria food", "she hated getting in line with kids", "she didn't eat red meat on Friday", "she wanted to show care to the writer"], ["It was terrific.", "It was terrible.", "The writer enjoyed it.", "Most kids were fond of it."], ["It is hard to please all.", "Better to give than to receive.", "Love makes the world go around.", "The more you offer,the more you are rewarded."]], "questions": ["Mrs.Arnatuli bought the writer's sand wish because  _  .", "What can we learn about the cafeteria food?", "Which of the following can best show the theme of this text?"], "article": "Mrs. Amatuli was my teacher in the fourth grade. One day at lunch time,I was getting ready to eat my same old tuna fish sandwich and suddenly Mrs. Amatuli asked me if she could buy my sandwich from me. She explained that I could use the money to buy a hot lunch from the cafeteria.\nI was thrilled. I never bought my lunch at the cafeteria. It was too expensive for my family,and I always carried my lunch and brought the bag back home to use again the next day. My sandwiches were either bologna or tuna fish. It rarely varied beyond that.\nYou can understand my delight when I had the opportunity to buy a hot lunch.\nWhen we finished lunch that day. Mrs. Amatuli took me aside and said she wanted to explain why she had bought my sandwich. I really didn't care why, but it gave me a few minutes of her precious attention so I was very quiet as she explained. You see,she was Catholic and she told me that Catholics didn't eat red meat on Fridays--they ate fish on Fridays.\nOh,I couldn't wait to get home and tell my mama that from now on 1 wanted tuna fish on Fridays. After my mama understood why,she gladly fixed tuna fish for me on Fridays. She even fixed it on brown bread because she knew Mrs. Amatuli liked brown bread. From then on. every Friday I could get in line with the rest of the kids for a hot lunch. I didn't care how many of the kids complained about cafeteria food--it tasted _ to me!\nI realize now that Mrs. Amatuli could have fixed herself a tuna sandwich of Friday. But she bought my sandwich because she saw a 1ittle girl who was thrilled over the simple act of having a hot lunch.\nI will never forget her for her compassion and generosity and what I should do is to follow her example.", "id": "high2316.txt"}