{"answers": ["C", "B", "D"], "options": [["learn the most powerful magic", "become a good fairy godmother", "be a beautiful and attractive fairy", "help more people get out of trouble"], ["her magic had been poor", "she had been very beautiful", "her mother hadn't helped her", "she hadn't learned magic"], ["fairies' beauty depended on kindness and intelligence", "her magic couldn't change herself into a beautiful one", "being an ugly fairy could lead to a really serious result", "one shouldn't change only according to others' opinion"]], "questions": ["In most fairies' opinion, it was the most important to   _  .", "The little fairy would have had no chance to save her country if   _  .", "The lesson the ugly fairy learned from her mother was that   _  ."], "article": "There was once a fairy who was learning how to be a fairy godmother. She was the kindest and cleverest of all fairies. However, she was also a very ugly fairy. And no matter how friendly she was to others, it seemed that everyone always believed that the most important thing about a fairy was her beauty. In the fairy country, she was always laughed at. Every time she flew off to help a child or anyone else in trouble, before she could say a word they were already shouting: \"Ugly! Get out of here!\"\nAlthough she was little, her magic was very powerful because she studied very hard in the fairy school. And more than once she had considered using her magic to make herself beautiful.  But then she remembered what her mother had always told her: \"My dear, you are what you are, so just be yourself. Remember, you are this way for a very special reason.\"\nThen, one day, the witches of the neighboring land invaded the country, putting all the fairies in prison. The ugly fairy was helped by her ugly face, since the witches believed all fairies were beautiful. So no witches thought she was a fairy. That way she was able to follow the witches back to their home. Once there she used her magic to prepare a big party for everyone. The witches got really excited. They sang and drank. While  _ , the fairy hurried off and set free all the fairies. Then they worked together and succeeded in locking the witches inside the mountain for the next hundred years and more, everyone remembered the great bravery and intelligence of the fairy. From that day on, no one in that land ever saw ugliness as a bad thing, and whenever someone ugly was born, people were filled with joy, knowing that for that new person great things waited ahead.", "id": "high23168.txt"}