{"answers": ["C", "A", "D"], "options": [["In a grand restaurant.", "At the gate of a station.", "In front of a store.", "At a local bus station."], ["the clothes the man wore", "the appearance of the man", "what the man was eating", "the man's begging there."], ["was pretty and clean", "was seriously injured", "was a German shepherd", "had its young to feed"]], "questions": ["Where did the author notice the homeless man stand?", "The author knew the man was homeless judging by  _  .", "From the text we learn that the dog   _  ."], "article": "One Saturday morning we were on our way home and decided to stop at a local gas station to get something to eat since it was a good hour and a half before we got home. We noticed a man standing outside in front of the building. You could tell that he was a homeless man. His clothes were worn and dirty, and not enough on this terrible cold day of the year. He must have not had enough money to get something to eat. The next thing I remember is a dog that walked up to the front of the building. Being a dog lover, I noticed she was part wolf and probably part German shepherd  . I could tell she had been feeding puppies  . She was terribly in need of something to eat and I felt so bad for her.\n    I knew if she didn't eat soon, she and her puppies would not make it. We noticed people walked by and didn't even care for her. She might not have been as pretty and clean as most, but she still deserved better. We still did not do anything. But someone did. The homeless man, who I thought did not buy himself anything to eat, went into the store in front of him. Any what he did brought tears to me and my wife. He brought a can of dog food with what money he may have had and fed that dog. I was so moved and walked to him and gave him all my pocket money.\n    I know this story isn't as moving as most stories, but it plays a great part in our lives. You see, that day was Mother's Day. And a lot of people forget that some animals are parents too. And animals as well as we are God's creations. The homeless man showed me what I should have done. He made a decision to be a better man in future.", "id": "high23189.txt"}