{"answers": ["A", "B", "D"], "options": [["She wanted to be herself.", "It would be inconvenient.", "The name Suzie was too ordinary.", "She was fond of her own name."], ["Reporting tragedies all day made her sad.", "She didn't like just standing around and talking.", "She hoped she could decide what to report.", "She was asked to change her name and shave her hair off."], ["Understanding and optimistic.", "Careful and considerate.", "Persuasive and emotional.", "Determined and sympathetic."]], "questions": ["Why did Oprah refuse to change her name to Suzie?", "What was the most important reason for why Oprah hated her job reporting the news?", "Which of the following best describes Oprah?"], "article": "Does it feel right?\nThis is an excerpt from Oprah Winfrey's 2008 Stanford Commencement   Address:\nA year after I left college, I was given the opportunity to co-anchor   the 6 o'clock news in Baltimore...Yet, it didn't feel right. The first sign, as President Hennessy was saying, was when they tried to change my name. The news director said to me at the time: \"Nobody's going to remember Oprah. So, we want to change your name. We've come up with a name we think that people will remember and people will like. It's a friendly name: Suzie.\"... I grew up not loving the name, but once I was asked to change it, I thought, well, it is my name and do I look like a Suzie to you? So, I thought, no, it doesn't feel right. I'm not going to change my name. And if people remember it or not, that's OK.\nAnd then they said they didn't like the way I looked... So, they sent me to a salon where they gave me a perm  , and after a few days all my hair fell out and I had to shave my head. And then they really didn't like the way I looked, because now I am black and bald and sitting on TV. Not a pretty picture.\nBut even worse than being bald, I really hated, hated, hated being sent to report on other people's tragedies as a part of my daily duty, knowing that I was just expected to observe, when everything in my instinct told me that I should be doing something, (and that) I should be lending a hand...\nIt felt right. And that's where everything that followed for me began. And after eight months, I lost that job. They said I was too emotional. I was too much. But since they didn't want to pay out the contract, they put me on a talk show in Baltimore. And the moment I sat down on that show, the moment I did, I felt like I'd come home. I realized that TV could be more than just a playground, but a platform for service, for helping other people's lives improve. And the moment I sat down, doing that talk show, it felt like breathing.\nAnd I got that lesson. When you're doing the work you're meant to do, it feels right and every day is a bonus  , regardless of what you're getting paid.", "id": "high23186.txt"}