{"answers": ["C", "B", "D", "A", "B"], "options": [["It is a kind of iced water.", "It is just plain tap water.", "It is a kind of bottled water.", "It is a kind of mineral water."], ["plain tap water is certainly unfit for drinking", "bottled water is clearly superior to tap water", "bottled water often appeals more to dogs taste", "dogs can usually detect a fine difference in taste"], ["tap water from the Thames River", "famous wines not sold in ordinary stores", "PepsiCo's Aquafina and Coca-Cola's Dasani", "expensive bottled water with impressive names"], ["Bottled water brings in huge profits.", "Competition from the wine industry is intense.", "Most diners find bottled water affordable.", "Bottled water satisfied diners' desire to fashionable."], ["It is much cheaper than wine.", "It is considered healthier.", "It appeals to more cultivated people.", "It is more widely promoted in the market."]], "questions": ["What do we know about Iceberg Water from the passage?", "By saying \"My dog could tell the difference between bottled and tap water\" (Para 2), von Wiesenberg wants to convey the message that   _  .", "The \"fancier brands\" (Para. 5) refers to   _  .", "Why are some restaurants turning up the pressure to sell bottled water?", "According to passage, why is bottled water so popular?"], "article": "Reading new peaks of popularity in North America is Iceberg Water which is harvested from icebergs off the coast of Newfoundland, Canada.\nArthur von Wiesenberger, who carries the title Water Master, is one of the few water critics in North America. As a boy, he spent time in the larger cities of Italy, France and Switzerland, Where bottled water is consumed daily. Even then, he kept a water journal, noting the brands he liked best. \"My dog could tell the difference between bottled and tap water.\" He says.   \nBut is plain tap water all that bad? Not at all. In fact, New York's municipal water for more than a century was called the champagne of tap water and until recently considered among the best in the world in terms of both taste and purity. Similarly, a magazine in England found that tap water from the Thames River tasted better than several leading brands of bottled water that were 400 times more expensive.\nNevertheless, soft-drink companies view bottled water as the next battle-ground for market share-this despite the fact that over 25 percent of bottled water comes from tap water: PepsiCo's Aquafina and Coca-Cola's Dasani are both purified tap water rather than spring water.\nAs diners thirst for leading brands, bottlers and restaurateurs salivate   over the profits. A restaurant's typical mark-up on wine is 100 to 150 percent, whereas on bottled water it's often 300 to 500 percent. But since water is much cheaper than wine, and many of the fancier brands aren't available in stores, most dines don't notice or care.\nAs a result, some restaurants are turning up the pressure to sell bottled water. According to an article in The Street Journal, some of the more shameless tactics include placing attractive bottles on the table for a visual sell, listing brands on the menu without prices, and pouring bottled water without even asking the dinners if they want it.\nRegardless of how it's sold, the popularity of bottled water taps into our desire for better health, our wish to appear cultivated, and even a longing for lost purity.", "id": "high23192.txt"}