{"answers": ["A", "A", "C", "D"], "options": [["dressing casually", "learning about weight control", "improving communication skills", "being a tidy person"], ["To impress them in a proper way.", "To buy them special gifts.", "To spare more time to be with them.", "To impress them with shiny things."], ["An iPhone is totally unnecessary in our life.", "Your family members' opinions are always worth caring about.", "Learning how to impress others helps people save money.", "You should always be aware of what other people around you seem to value."], ["Whose opinions do you care about ?", "Two different groups of people.", "My favorite book : Your Money or Your Life", "Stop trying to impress other people."]], "questions": ["To build relationship with others, you should pay attention to the following EXEPT   _  .", "As for people we care about, what does the author advise us to do ?", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage ?", "What is the best title for the passage ?"], "article": "Several years ago, I read a book Your Money or Your Life, written by Joe Domingguez and Vicki Robin. The major theme of the book is the idea that if you want to cut your spending, you'll have to begin by stopping trying to impress other people.\nThe authors divide people into two groups : people whose opinions you care about, and people whose opinions you don't care about one way or another. It's easy to stop caring about people whose opinions you don't care about. Who cares what they think ? As long as you're not doing something truly immoral ---- something that might potentially create a negative reputation for you ---- it doesn't matter what they think.\nBut shouldn't you impress other people whose opinions you do care about ? Anyway, they are people you want to meet : customers, friends and family.\nThe answer is that you don't need to impress those people with expensive, shiny things. The relationship you've built with them ---- or you're going to build with them ---- is based on you, not on the material items. They'll either like you for you or they won't. \nTo put it simply, take care of the basics. Keep yourself clean. Keep your weight under control. Wear reasonable clothing. Work on your communication skills. If you have them covered, you don't need to invest time and money in impressing other people.\nComing to this realization is incredibly valuable. It drops your clothing budget. It drops your automobile budget. It drops your electronics budget. It drops your housing budget. You don't need a shiny car, an iPhone, or a $50 haircut.\nYes , you may actually still want one or two of these things, but the impetus  comes from what your personal values are, not what other people around you seem to value or what marketing messages you receive.\nFor some people, it seems impossible. Their social cues come from advertising-laden media and from friends who also get their cues from advertising-laden media.They believe they need a slick cellphone and $100 casual clothes. Their self-worth revolves around that little burst they get from impressing others.\nPeople should learn to break through that situation. In short, don't play socially by the tiring old rules that revolve around needing to impress people. Instead, spend your time on things that bring real value to you and give real value to others.", "id": "high23197.txt"}