{"answers": ["D", "B", "C", "C"], "options": [["it helps cure most illnesses", "it helps raise the level of our medical knowledge", "it is essential to personal freedom in American society", "wrong decisions could lead to poor health"], ["current medical knowledge is not enough yet", "there are many factors influencing our decisions", "few people are willing to trade the quality of life for the quantity of life", "people are usually influenced by the behavior of their friends"], ["improving the quality of one's life", "limiting one's personal health choice", "ending one's life on purpose", "breaking the rules of social behavior"], ["personal decisions", "society's laws", "statistical evidence", "friends' opinions"]], "questions": ["The concept of personal choice concerning health is important because   _  .", "Sound personal health choice is often difficult to make because   _  .", "To knowingly allow oneself to pursue unhealthy habits is compared by Fries and Crapo       to   _  .", "According to Fries and Crapo, sound health choices should be based on   _  ."], "article": "The concept of personal choice in relation to health behaviors is an important one. An estimated 90 percent of all illnesses may be preventable if individuals would make sound personal health choices based upon current medical knowledge. We all enjoy our freedom of choice and do not like to see it restricted when it is within the legal and moral boundaries of society. The structure of American society allows us to make almost all our own personal decisions that may concern our health. If we do desire, we can smoke, drink much, refuse to wear seat belts, eat whatever foods we want, and _ without any exercise. The freedom to make such personal decisions is a fundamental aspect of our society, although the wisdom of these decisions can be questioned. Personal choices   to health often cause a difficulty. As one example, teenager may know the facts   to smoking cigarettes and health but may be pressured by friends into believing it is a socially accepted thing to do.\n   A majority of factors, both inherited and environmental, influence the development of health-related behaviors, and it is beyond the scope of this text to discuss all these factors as they may affect any given individual. However, the decision to adopt a particular health related behavior is usually one of personal choices. There are healthy choices and there are unhealthy choices. In discussing the morals of personal choice, Fries and Crapo, drew a comparison. They suggest that to knowingly give oneself over to a behavior that has a statistical   probability of shortening life is similar to attempting suicide. Thus, for those individuals who are interested in preserving both the quality and quantity of life, personal health choices should reflect those behaviors that are associated with a statistical probability of increased vitality and longevity  .", "id": "high23205.txt"}