{"answers": ["A"], "options": [["The bad effects watching TV has on children.", "How many hours children should spend watching TV.", "How advertisements affect children's behavior.", "What scenes children should not watch on TV."]], "questions": ["What is the passage mainly about?"], "article": "Do your children always sit still and watch TV? If so, you should be very alert!\nNowadays, children watch television for long hours. They often spend evenings watching their favorite programs on TV. Sometimes they might stay up late to watch TV. Their addiction to television results in their not having time to play or do exercise. They should go outside with friends or spend time reading books. Moreover, watching television too much is harmful to their eyesight.\nResearchers claim that attention _ disorders in children are a result of watching too much television. They say that watching television leads to a developmental disorder in the part of the brain which is responsible for language skills. Children who watch television more and read less have greater difficulty paying attention and concentrating. Children that spend long hours watching television are more likely to be affected by attention deficit disorders.\nTelevision is one form of media which is used to show all kinds of products. Watching too much television can lead to early exposure to a wide variety of things. Television advertisements may cause children to behave incorrectly or damage themselves. Advertisements about fast food, cold drinks or other such products that are not good for children's health can have a bad effect on them. Some TV shows and films also affect how children think and behave.\nStudies in psychology have shown that certain programs can have a long-lasting effect on children's minds. Horror scenes and other frightening shows can have a negative effect on the minds of children watching them.\nTelevision is a means of recreation but watching it too often is harmful to children's physical and mental health. You need to help you children deep a balance of everything in life.", "id": "high2320.txt"}