{"answers": ["D", "A", "C", "B"], "options": [["Because she got bored with her toys quickly.", "Because she wanted to make money.", "Because she was interested in starting a web business.", "Because her kids got bored with toys quickly."], ["Pope's twin boys are aged between 0-5.", "The name of Pope's new company is Baby Plays.", "Customers can rent 6 toys at most each month under Pope's plan.", "Pope doesn't worry about the condition of her toys."], ["the parents can buy this toy from Pope' company at a lower price", "the parents can exchange one of their baby's old toys for this toy", "the baby can keep this toy until it shows interest in another one", "the baby can keep this toy for one more month"], ["lazy", "creative", "mean", "powerful"]], "questions": ["Why did the mother invent a rent-a-toy company?", "Which of the following statements is NOT mentioned in the passage?", "If a baby is really interested in a particular toy,   _  .", "Pope was a   _   mother."], "article": "Most kids get bored with their toys quickly, even the newest ones.\nThe service of renting toys can save parents from buying lots of new toys for their kids.\nThe new web-based company, Baby Plays, was invented by Lori Pope, a mother of twin boys. When her kids' toys started taking over all the floor space in her house, she thought that maybe she didn't need to buy so many toys. What's more, her kids seemed to lose interest in each new toy very quickly. Finally she realized that she needed a special service. She wanted to borrow one toy at a time. When her kids didn't like it any more she could send the toy back. But she couldn't find any service like that, so she decided to create her own.\nPope owned a company before. She poured a lot of money into Baby Plays to buy all the best toys. These toys are for children aged from 0 to 5. Under her plan, customers can rent six toys each month. The price for renting a new toy is less than most costs of buying a new toy. Generally, families will keep each toy for one month. This period is plenty for most kids to get tired of playing with it. If the kids are really interested in a particular toy, they can keep it till they are attracted to a new one.\nKids are not good at keeping their toys in perfect condition, but Pope doesn't mind a little wear and tear. She thinks that even if the kids don't care about their toys' condition, the parents do. And she will not ever rent anyone a low-quality toy.", "id": "high23213.txt"}