{"answers": ["D", "B", "A"], "options": [["To make companies pay for naming service.", "To help people choose the best products.", "To present good images of the products.", "To prevent products from being copied."], ["Many companies care about the cost of finding the right names.", "Creative trade names can help companies to have a larger sale.", "The government often does business with naming companies.", "It is considered necessary for cars to be named after animals."], ["The Business of Names", "The Development of Names", "The Rules of Naming Business", "The Methods of Choosing Names"]], "questions": ["Why are trade names protected by law in many countries?", "What can we learn from the passage?", "What's the best title for the passage?"], "article": "The right name is important in the business world. All you have to do is think of the names for some of the products you buy every day and you'll agree that the name and the product are connected in everyone's mind. \nIn many countries, successful trade or brand names are protected by law. This is so that other companies cannot make a product that looks like another. People might think that they were buying one product and, in fact, be buying something different. Businesses register a company or a product name with the government. In fact, more than 1,000 product and company names are registered every hour. Many companies spend a lot of money to find the right name for their products. A good example of this is in the car industry. Some successful names for cars have powerful associations. The Ford Mustang and the Jaguar are only two examples of choosing the names of animals that are fast and strong. \nWhen a U.S. company decides to sell its product in another country, it has to make sure that the product name translates properly. When Coca-Cola introduced its soft drink to China, it looked for the right name. It wanted a name that would do two things. One was to present its image in Chinese and the second was to be close to its first brand name -Coke. It took some efforts before finding the right word - which sounds similar and translates as \"happiness in the mouth\". Asian company names are not new to the United States. The brand names of Samsung and Sony have been successful. Finding the right brand name is a big business. Asian companies that sell to foreign markets pay to find a name that will connect with its customers. There are even naming companies that specialize in inventing product names. These companies can charge up to $ 100,000 a word for their creations. But it's worth it. Successful companies know how important the right brand names are for their development.", "id": "high23226.txt"}