{"answers": ["A", "B", "D", "C"], "options": [["by 1930 Olivetti produced 13,000 typewriters a year", "Olivetti earned more in the 1960s than in the 1950s", "some of Olivetti,s 700 staff regularly visited customers in Italy", "Olivetti set up offices in other countries from the very beginning"], ["Adriano's death.", "A period of financial problem", "its faster progress", "Its agreements with other companies"], ["It produced the best typewriter in the word.", "It designed the word's first mainframe computer.", "It exported more typewriter than other computer.", "It has five independent companies with its head office in lvrea."], ["The Origin of Olivetti", "The Success of Olivetti", "The History of Olivetti", "The Producich of Olivetti"]], "questions": ["From the text we learn that  _  .", "What was probably the direct result of Olivetti,s falling behind in electronic technology?", "What do we know about Olivetti ?", "The best title for the text would be  _  ."], "article": "The engineer Camillo Olivetti was 40 years old when he started the company in 1908. At his factory in Ivera, he designed and produced the first Italian typewriter. Today the company's head office is still in Ivrea, near Turin, but the company is much larger than it was in those days and there are offices all around the world.\nBy 1930 there was a staff of 700 and the company turned out 13,000 machines a year. Some went to customers in Italy, but Olivetti exported more typewriters to other countries.\nCamilllo's son, Adriano, started working for the company in 1924 and later he became the boss. He introduecd a standard speed for the production line and he employed technology and design specialists. The company developed new and better typewriters and the calculators .In 1959 it produced the ELLA computer system. This was the first mainframe computer designed and traded in Italy.\nAfter Adriano died in 1960, the company had a period of financial problems. Other companies, especially the Janpanese, made faster progress in electronic technology than the Italian company.\nIn 1978, Carlo de Benedetti became the new boss. Olivetti increased its marking and service networks and made agreements with other companies to design and produce more advanced office equipment. Soon it became one, of the world's leading companies in information technology and communications. There are now five independent companies in the Olivetti group --- one for personal computers,one for other office equipment, one for systerms and services, and two for telecommunications.", "id": "high23236.txt"}