{"answers": ["A", "D", "B"], "options": [["was interested in new things", "was interested in exciting films", "jumped high in the film", "wasn't as enthusiastic as Julia for the film"], ["Before being a part of the film, the writer has to make friends with the director.", "An actor or actress must recite all the scripts  .", "Before being a part of the film, one must know what filming is actually like.", "Sometimes the same scene can be shot or reshot many times."], ["A foreign girl's adventure.", "A foreign girl's experience as an ''actress''.", "A foreign girl's college life in China.", "A foreign girl's trip to the countryside."]], "questions": ["From the passage we can learn that the writer  _  .", "Which of the following is TRUE about the filming?", "Which of the following is a suitable title for the passage?"], "article": "The group of people introduced themselves to me and my German classmate Julia. They were from a production company, currently in the process of filming a movie based in DuAn, a rural area a few hours north of Nanning. They tried to explain the plot of the film, but neither mine nor Julia's Chinese was good enough to fully understand what they were saying. They then asked if we would be interested in being part of the project. \nI came to China to experience new things and new opportunity, and being in a movie sounded so exciting. So in less than a second, I jumped at the chance of being in the film. Julia on the other hand was not so enthusiastic. It took 30 minutes to convince her to be part of the film, and she eventually accepted the chance.\nThat afternoon we were taken to the production company's office to meet the director and some of the cast. We all sat together, drinking tea, talking about why I and Julia were in China and about the film. It seemed a little bit like a dream.\nEver since I was a small child, I dreamed of becoming a movie star, but I would never have guessed that my dream would come true, especially now in China.\nAt the end of the talk, we were given scripts   and had a few photographs taken. We were given the production schedule and ensured that our scenes would only be shot at weekends so it wouldn't interfere   with our studies. We left the office excited about the film, but unknowing what filming was actually like.\nOn our first day of filming, we were picked up in the early morning from the university and we drove deep into the countryside.\nWe arrived on location and waited for our scene to be shot. We watched as the other actors and crew went about their work, busy shooting and re-shooting the same scene from different angles and perspectives. I never knew how much effort and care went into filming even the most short and simple scene. It was then our turn to shoot, and I was very nervous and very excited.", "id": "high23254.txt"}