{"answers": ["B", "C", "D"], "options": [["Minimum age of thirty-five years old.", "Previous experience in an elective office.", "Native of the United States of America.", "Bottom residency of fourteen years in the States."], ["the candidate who wins the popular vote will be the winner of the election", "the electors don't have the right to vote against their registered voters' will", "the presidents of the United States are theoretically picked by the citizens directly", "the change of a state's population barely has effect on the presidential election"], ["The Various Ways of Presidential Election in the USA", "The Qualifications for Being the President of the USA", "The Rules for Choosing Presidential Candidates in the USA", "The Process of the Election for the President of the USA"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is not a requirement for candidates for the presidency of the USA?", "We can conclude from the passage that   _  .", "Which of the following might be the best title of the passage?"], "article": "The candidate longing for election to the highest office in the United States must be native-born American citizen who is at least 35 years old and who has lived in the United States for at least 14 years. The election course is complicated, and the road to the Oval Office is long.\nPotential candidates must present papers stating their intention to seek their party's recommendation; delegates then choose from among those running some months later at the national conferences. Before that, however, each state holds a primary election that determines how the state's voters want the party's delegates to vote. Methods of choosing the delegates vary from state to state. At the conferences, there are speeches and often heated discussions. It may take several rounds of voting before delegates can agree on a candidate. On the final day of the meeting, the presidential candidate announces his or her choice for vice president. \nElection Day, by law, is the Tuesday that follows the first Monday in November. On this day, registered voters may cast their votes for president, vice president, and candidates for other federal , state, and local offices. The popular vote, however, does not determine who will be president. The president is chosen by a vote of the Electoral College, a group of 538 citizens from the 50 states and the District of Columbia who are chosen to cast votes for the president and vice president. \nThe rules for choosing electors, as with the delegates, vary. Each state also decides whether its electoral votes must reflect the popular vote. The number of electors in each state is determined by the number of representatives and senators  that a state sends to Congress and, therefore, may change every 10 years, depending on the results of the United States census . The winner must get at least 270 of the electoral votes when the Electoral College meets in December of the election year. The election results are not official, however, until the following January, when Congress meets in a joint conference to count the electoral votes.\nAt the end of the road to the Oval Office is the swearing-in ceremony, at which the new or reelected president takes the oath  of office on January 20.", "id": "high23259.txt"}