{"answers": ["C", "D", "C"], "options": [["he thought he hadn't drunk too much", "it was too late at night for him to take a taxi", "he thought he would not meet any policemen", "he had promised to take one of his friends home"], ["likes drinking beer with his friends very much", "is not an honest person in his parents' eyes", "preferred asking his friends for rides to taking taxis", "often drove his car before he had his license taken away"], ["Angry.", "Relaxed.", "Regretful.", "Excited."]], "questions": ["The author still drove after having drunk alcohol that night because   _  .", "Form the passage, we can learn that the author   _  .", "What did the author feel after having his driving license taken away?"], "article": "In most cases, drivers lose their driving licenses because they drink and drive. I have always promised myself that I will never drive if I have drunk alcohol .\n  Still, half a year ago, I made a terrible mistake and drove after having drunk two beers at my friend's while watching a football match. I then drove my car to take another friend to his place. I thought there would be no problem because it was night and there would be no policemen on my way. But to my surprise, a policeman stopped me. I was not allowed to drive for three months and I also had to pay a fine. I told my parents nothing at the beginning, but then I had to invent a lie because I did not have the courage to tell them that I had driven after drinking and  _ was the real reason why my driving license was taken away.\n  Those three months seemed to pass very slowly for me because I was used to driving almost daily and I really needed my car quite often. I had to take a taxi and it cost me a lot of money. Then there were times when I had to ask a friend to take me to some place or another, especially if I wanted to go out of town. It was indeed a punishment for me not to have my driving license and I promised myself not to repeat this mistake again.\n  Apart from this, being drunk while driving represents a real danger not only for the driver, but also for people in the car and for people on the street or in other cars. Therefore, I advise people to avoid drinking alcohol before driving.", "id": "high23267.txt"}