{"answers": ["D", "C", "C"], "options": [["Because he found much more fun from other games.", "Because he couldn't get progression sometimes.", "Because he followed his girlfriend's advice.", "This passage doesn't tell us."], ["WOW has changed greatly", "WOW is attractive to everybody", "the writer was once addicted to WOW", "WOW helps you improve your life"], ["A flying mount.", "A main boss.", "Some quests,", "Epic drops."]], "questions": ["Why did the writer quit the game a couple of years ago?", "According to the passage, we can infer that   _", "What's the only part of the game the writer is now interested in?"], "article": "I quit the game, WOW, a couple of years ago. My life has improved dramatically. I went from being single to being engaged, I received a second promotion in my career, and life couldn't be hatter. But even then, I still had an urge to play and I thought about it every day.\n      About a month ago, I decided to start playing again. My friends still played and claimed that it's better than before. So I figured I'd give it a shot, and so far I've managed my time well. But the funny thing is that I'm not enjoying it as much as I thought I would. That sense of accomplishment I used to have back then is gone. I figured out why...\n      My enjoyment in the game came from progression. 1 loved accomplishing quests  and hitting 60, then beating the basses with 40 other people. Some nights sucked  ,when nothing was done. But other nights, when we beat the hell out of a main boss, it felt incredible. I was actually progressing and improving in something. It may not have been real life, but it was there, on my screen, and it was visible for all to see.\n      But now I've actually pursued tangible goals, and realized the sense of accomplishment in WOW is worthless. I don't get excited when the list of epic drops from a boss is sent to me from my friends. I haven't even been interested in getting a flying mount, or PVP gear. I just don't really care about them. I actually don't care about anything that happens in the game, except for some quests. 1 out of every 10 quests you do has an enjoyable story that makes it more interesting. But even so, they are what you can get out of a book, or a good single player game.\n     Even though WOW is enjoyable in some aspects, it's extremely boring in others. Now to\nme, above all, it's not worth my time to go through it, just to have temporary fun.", "id": "high23279.txt"}