{"answers": ["B", "C", "B"], "options": [["know the effects of teaching on learning", "study students' ways of learning math", "prove women teachers were unfit to teach math", "find better teaching methods for teachers"], ["No male students were affected by their teachers' anxiety.", "Almost all the girls got lower scores in the tests than the boys.", "About 30% of the girls thought boys were better at math than girls", "Girls with math-anxious teachers all failed in the math tests."], ["117 students and teachers took part in the new study.", "The researchers felt surprised at the findings of their study.", "Beilock and Levine were interested in teaching math.", "Male teachers were better at teaching math than women teachers."]], "questions": ["Sian Beilock and Susan Levine carried out the new study in order to   _  .", "What is the finding of the new study?", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the text?"], "article": "Going to school means learning new skills and facts in different subjects. Teachers teach and students learn, and many scientists are interested in finding ways to improve both teaching and learning processes.\n     Sian Beilock and Susan Leving, two psychologists at the University of Chicago, are trying to learn about learning. In a new study about the way kids learn math in primary school, Beilock and Levine found a surprising relationship between what female teachers think and what female students learn: If a female teacher is uncomfortable with her own math skills, then her female students are more likely to believe that boys are better than girls at math. \"If these girls keep getting math-anxious female teachers in later grades,  _ ,\" Levine told Science News. The study suggests that if these girls grow up believing that boys are better at math than girls are, then these girls may not do as well as they would have if they were more confident.\n     Just as students find certain subjects to be difficult, teachers can find certain subjects to be difficult to learn--and teach. The subject of math can be particularly difficult for everyone.\n     The new study involved 65 girls, 52 boys and 17 first-and second-grade teachers in primary schools in the Midwest. The students took math achievement tests at the beginning and end of the school year, and the researchers compared the scores.\n     The researchers also gave the students tests to tell whether the students believed a math superstar had to be a boy. Then the researchers turned to the teachers: To find out which teachers were anxious about math, the researchers asked the teachers how they felt at times when they came across math, such as when reading a sales receipt . A teacher who got nervous looking at the numbers on a sales receipt, for example, was probably anxious about math.\n     Boys, on average, were unaffected by a teacher's anxiety. On average, girls with math-anxious teachers scored lower on the end-of-the-year math tests than other girls in the study did. Plus, on the test showing whether someone thought a math superstar had to be a boy, 20 girls showed feeling that boys would be better at math--and all of these girls had been taught by female teachers with math anxiety.\n     According to surveys done before this one, college students who want to become primary school teachers have the highest levels of anxiety about math. Plus, nine of every 10 primary teachers are women, Levine said.", "id": "high23281.txt"}