{"answers": ["C", "D", "B"], "options": [["requires actors to use their imagination in acting", "made Marlon Brando a great and famous actor", "wasn't very difficult for Marlon Brando", "can be most effectively learned in a jungle"], ["made Sasheen Littlefeather well-known", "was well-received by Native Americans", "changed people's attitude to American Indians", "received both positive and negative responses"], ["inform us of Marlon Brando's attitude to civil rights movement", "introduce Marlon Brando as one of the greatest actors", "help us understand Marlon Brando's secret to success", "instruct us how to become a great actor like Marlon Brando"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, the \"Method\"   _  .", "The speech at the Academy Awards ceremony   _   at the time.", "The purpose of this passage is to   _  ."], "article": "Marlon Brando is widely considered the greatest movie actor of all time. He was born in Omaha Nebraska in 1924. He was named after his father, a salesman. His mother, Dorothy, was an actress in the local theater.\nMarlon Brando moved to New York City when he was 19 years old in 1943. He took acting classes at the New School for Social Research. One of his teachers was Stella Adler, who taught the \"Method\" style of realistic acting. The Method teaches actors how to use their own memories and emotions to identify with the characters they are playing.\nMarlon Brando learned the Method style quickly and easily. Critics said he was probably the greatest Method actor ever. One famous actress commented on his natural ability for it. She said teaching Marlon Brando the Method was like sending a tiger to jungle school.\nMarlon Brando appeared in several plays. He got his first major part in a Broadway play in 1947, at the age of 23. He received great praise for his powerful performance at Stanley Kowalski in Tennessee Williams' play, A Streetcar Named Desire. His fame grew when he acted the same part in the movie version, released in 1951.\nMarlon Brando won the Best Actor Oscar for The God Father, but he rejected it. He sent a woman named Sasheen Littlefeather to speak for him at the Academy Awards ceremony. She said that Brando could not accept the award because of the way the American film industry treated Native Americans. The people at the Academy Awards ceremony did not like the speech. But some experts think the action helped change the way American Indians were shown in movies.\nMarlon Brando acted in about forty movies. He was nominated for a total of eight Academy Awards. But he earned a \"bad boy\" reputation for his public outbursts and unusual behaviours. According to Los Angeles magazine, \"Brando was rock and roll before anybody knew what rock and roll was\". His later life was marked with family tragedies. His son Christian went to prison for killing his daughter Cheyene's boyfriend. Cheyene later committed suicide. Brando became lonely. He worked occasionally for the money. But, in his prime, Marlon Brando was an actor other actors could only hope to become.", "id": "high23301.txt"}