{"answers": ["D", "A", "B", "D"], "options": [["Hard.", "Ordinary.", "Lonely.", "Pleasant."], ["search the library for some books related to the papers", "seek help from a professional student", "relax himself and take little notice of his work", "review the books they learned during the class"], ["the author didn't work hard during his first week in college", "the author's history teacher went to the library together with him", "only a few students in the author's class met with difficulty in writing papers", "the author spent two days preparing for his term papers"], ["Assist him with some practical tasks.", "Make a bibliography.", "Lend him some reference books to read.", "Do further editing."]], "questions": ["What did the author think of the beginning of his college life?", "The author's history teacher advised him to   _  .", "We can infer from the passage that   _  .", "What did the author's history teacher do for him?"], "article": "I still remember my college days after I was initiallygiven my assignments of writing different papers. I enjoyed my first week with new friends and teachers as they were quite friendly and sociable. But I didn't realize that there was a dark era in my life, which was the horrifying day after I found that my term papers with empty pages. I had no way out. I was not alone. All the new students were feeling exactly the same way.\nI gathered some courage and started thinking to find methods to help me write my term papers. I went to my history teacher. She was very kind and always prepared to help new students. She told me that I should act like a professional student and not take my work lightly. She also provided some encouraging tips which really improved my confidence. I was instructed to go to the library and gather books that have relevant material or topics about the term papers. The next step was to find related chapters in those books. I did as I was ordered.\nThroughout the whole process of term papers there was something quite interesting and pleasing. She didn't assist me in doing any practical thing, but gave instructions one by one. With a large pile of reference books, we left the library and she told me to review those chapters. I got a lot of information and data. I had been feeling proud and happy as I got a good idea about the topics. She told me to create a 2000-word essay in my own words. I had been happy that it took only two days to finish my task. She did further editing and told me to make a bibliography , which was not a hard task.\nI felt quite lucky to see the term papers had a professional appearance. I also felt lucky to have such a good teacher as her.", "id": "high23319.txt"}