{"answers": ["B", "D", "B"], "options": [["A speaker should often remain relaxed .", "The public often stares at the speaker's arms.", "Using gestures correctly can benefit the speaker a lot.", "making eye contact with the audience can help a speaker."], ["Raise your speaking tone", "Use your gestures correctly", "Change your speaking rhythm", "Low down your hand suddenly"], ["guide people how to use their body language", "guide people how to give a speech correctly", "tell us the importance of body language in speech.", "tell us how to attract the audience' s attention in speech ."]], "questions": ["Which of the following is NOTtrue according to the passage?", "which of the following techniques can't help you stress your speech?", "The passage is mainly intended to   _"], "article": "Feel frightened when you have public speaking? There is no need for it. All you have to do is appear confident, and the audience will immediately relax and pay attention. There are a few body-language techniques that will make your life easier, even if you hate public speaking. \n   Look relaxed.Don't stand like a model of human body. Keep your arms relaxed , sometimes raising them. Movement helps keep an audience awake. Raise your hands instead of laying them down to stress your points.\n  The eyes have it.When making a speech , your eyes are your important tool. Use them well, and you will get your message across. Keep your head raised and avoid looking down at the floor. If you can make a speech without notes, your body language will improve. Make eye contact with all the audience for a short while. They want to feel as if you're speaking to them individually.\n  Change the rhythm. Variety is the key. As well as using your hands and eyes , you can use your voice to send out signals. You can change your rhythm and raise your tone to emphasize your arguments.\n  Check if your audience is paying attention. As important as controlling your own body language is being able to recognize and if you are confident, it should be easy to check whether the audience is listening ,Look out for negative body language and any signs of wandering attention.\n  Regain their attention by making a joke. If this doesn't work , it might be time to have a break. Each audience has a different attention span, and the more complicated your subject is the quicker their minds will wander. If all else fails , open a window. Nothing focuses concentration like a draught  .", "id": "high23326.txt"}