{"answers": ["D", "C", "A", "B"], "options": [["thinks slower but more carefully", "must make up for the lost sleep on the weekends", "will become more interested in fancying", "will become bad-tempered and upset"], ["Students who eat a lot are sleepy at class.", "The warm room can make students fall asleep easily.", "Students' sleepiness has nothing to do with teaching.", "The light level may lead students to feel sleepy ."], ["At about 9 pm", "In the early morning.", "At about noon.", "In the midnight."], ["feel more energetic after a night's sleep", "have a poor learning result", "have the least desire to learn", "be able to think in a quick way"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, a student who is in a sleep debt   _  .", "According to Myth 2, which of the following is TRUE?", "If you wake up at six in the morning, when will you begin working ineffectively?", "According to the passage, at 8:00 am a teenager will   _  ."], "article": "Let's face it -- you're going to get a lot of well-intentioned advice from friends, parents and grandparents about your sleep. Some of this advice is going to be just wrong.\nMyth 1: Sleeping late on the weekends will make up for lost sleep during the week.\nFact: Getting less than the amount of sleep that you need night after night accumulates over time and starts to create a \"sleep debt\". And like all debts, eventually you need to pay the price. The problem with waiting until the weekend to meet sleep needs is that in the meantime, you are paying the price of being less alert, feeling more moody, thinking slower and having less stimulation.\nMyth 2: A boring teacher (or warm room, full stomach, etc.) can put teens to sleep.\nFact: If you are getting enough sleep on a regular basis, there is no teacher, math book or reading assignment in the world boring enough to make you fall asleep in class. There are basically two things that make people sleepy -- not getting enough sleep and not getting good quality sleep. The environment kids are in, including the room temperature, light level and entertainment value, may unmask underlying sleepiness, but the environment does not cause it! So if you are dozing off in class, don't blame it on bad teaching. \nMyth 3: Teenagers can pull an all-nighter to study and still be ready for the big test in the morning.\nFact: Teenagers are much better off studying less and getting a good night's sleep. Research clearly shows that the ability to concentrate and learn new information, as well as to work efficiently, declines sharply after being awake for 15-16 hours, and continues to bottom out the longer you stay up. Plus, if the big test is at 8:00 am, the problem gets even worse. That's because morning time typically represents a low energy point in the body's normal 24-hour circadian  rhythm, especially in teenagers.", "id": "high23322.txt"}