{"answers": ["A", "D"], "options": [["5.", "6.", "7.", "8."], ["The Beautiful and Damnedwas Fitzgerald's first novel", "the work The Great Gatsbybrought Fitzgerald great fame and fortune", "Fitzgerald managed to recorder his life during the 1920s", "Fitzgerald's wife broke down more than once"]], "questions": ["How many novels written by Fitzgerald are mentioned in the passage?", "From the passage we can learn that   _  ."], "article": "F. Scott Fitzgerald, born on September 24, 1896, an American novelist, was once a student of St. Paul Academy, the Newman School and attended Princeton University for a short while. In 1917 he joined the army and was posted in Alabama, where he met his future wife Zelda Sayre. Then he had to make some money to impress her. \nHis life with her was full of great happiness, as he wrote in his diary: \"My own happiness in the past often approached such joy that I could not share it even with the person dearest to me but had to walk it away in quiet streets and take down parts of it in my diary.\"\nThis Side of Paradise, his first novel, was published in 1920. Encouraged by its success, Fitzgerald began to devote more time to his writing. Then he continued with the novel The Beautiful and Damned (1922), a collection of short storiesTales of the Jazz Age(1922), and a play The Vegetable (1923). But his greatest success wasThe Great Gatsby, published in 1925, which quickly brought him praise from the literary world. Yet it failed to give him the needed financial security. Then, in 1926, he published another collection of short storiesAll the Sad Young Men.\nHowever, Fitzgerald's problems with his wife Zelda affected his writing. During the 1920s he tried to reorder his life, but failed. By 1930, his wife had her first mental breakdown and went to a Swiss clinic. During this period he completed novel Tender Is the Nightin 1934.While his wife was in hospital in the United States, he got totally addicted to alcohol. Fitzgerald died in 1940, before he could complete the novel The Love of the Last Tycoon.", "id": "high23320.txt"}