{"answers": ["C", "A", "A", "C"], "options": [["the place was too large to manage", "nothing good could be produced there", "the industrial structure needed reforming", "the place was intended for other purposes"], ["art, fashion and culture", "galleries, restaurants and studios", "restaurants, exhibitions and seminars", "service and activities"], ["It perfectly combines the old with the new.", "It shows every respect of modern city life.", "It tells the story of some old buildings", "It shows how the old is replaced by the new."], ["introduce a modern trend", "report a piece of news", "make an advertisement", "discuss a hot issue"]], "questions": ["The canning factory was removed from Redtory because   _  .", "Now Redtory has developed into a place for   _  .", "What's special about Redtory?", "By writing the article, the writer is trying to   _  ."], "article": "There is a unique place where deserted factories have been transformed into a lively artistic zone - where the city's tradition and heritage  meet with cutting-edge art and fashion. This is Redtory.\nLocated at Yuancun Si Heng Lu, not far from the Pearl River of Guangzhou city, Redtory is a creative cultural and industrial zone made up of more than 30 old buildings - mostly red-brick ones. Back in 1956, it used to be the biggest canning factory in China. The factory produced the Can Dace   with Black Bean Sauce, an iconic food product in the last century, well-known throughout south-east Asia. After the local government's industrial structure reformations, the canning factory moved away and the workshops were left deserted. There was nothing left but memories in well-preserved Soviet-style buildings.\nNot long after the noise of the running machines was gone, posters of advertisement and art were found hanging on the wall in the area. To enrich the cultural and artistic life of the people in Guangzhou, the abandoned factories reopened in 2009 - displaying art, fashion and culture of different forms. Redtory is home to more than 40 establishments including art galleries, themed restaurants and design studios. Large international cultural exchange activities, art exhibitions and seminars are often held here, attracting hundreds of thousands of visitors every year. Meanwhile, waste materials have been used wisely instead of being thrown away. For instance, some installations  standing around the area are made up of the rusty machines or components from the old canning factory.\nThe shabby and nostalgic  appearance combined with fashionable and artistic features makes Redtory uniquely attractive. That may be the reason that Redtory is considered the holy land for young art-lovers in Guangzhou.\nAdd.: No.128 Yuancun Si Heng Lu, Tianhe District, Guangzhou\nBus: Yuancun Er Heng Rd Stop - 40,44,140,284,293,299,401,504,540,542,583,882;Yuancun Stop Terminal (Meilin Garden) - B11,243;Pazhou Bridge (North) Stop - 137,304,564,B7,B25\nMetro: Exit B, Yuancun Station, Line 5", "id": "high23341.txt"}