{"answers": ["C", "D", "A", "A"], "options": [["It's an activity that requires great concentration and intellectual skill", "It's an important part of Chinese culture and a pastime that brings family and friends closer together.", "It's a way to relax and to socialize, a chance to stay away from their computers and have face-to-face communication with other people.", "It's a healthy, scientific, friendly mind game."], ["Confucius", "People of Shanghai", "People of Chongqing", "Unsure"], ["Because they can happily use their wisdom and what they have learned to defeat their clever opponents.", "Because they can win a large amount of prize money.", "They want to make more friends through Mahjong.", "Because it's a thrilling game."], ["Mad About Mahjong", "World Championship of Mahjong", "The History of Mahjong", "The Favorite Pastime of \"Old Folks\""]], "questions": ["Why do young people in China like Mahjong so much?", "Who invented Mahjong?", "Why do students from Peking University, Tshinghua University and Nankai University take part in the World Championship of Mahjong?", "What is the best title of the passage?"], "article": "Mahjong, that favorite pastime of \"old folks\" in Shanghai, is finding a new audience among younger players, and many university students are becoming mad about this traditional Chinese game. Students at Fudan University have even formed a Mahjong club.\nThis resurgence of the game, however, is not without its critics. Some people still associate the game with gambling and for many years Mahjong was banned in China. One critic, surnamed Meng, was quoted as saying, \"Mahjong is a bad custom that will distract students from studies.\" But Yu Guangyuan, former vice-president of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences , says Mahjong is a \"healthy, scientific, friendly mind game.\"\nMr. Yu's opinion seems to be shared by the majority of Chinese. They see the game as an activity that requires great concentration and intellectual skill. They also see the game as an important part of Chinese culture and a pastime that brings family and friends closer together. This Spring Festival many families will no doubt spend hours around the Mahjong table getting reacquainted with each other. For them, playing Mahjong is a way of spending quality family time. No one knows who invented Mahjong. Some say it was Confucius, others say the current form of the game was developed right here in Shanghai in the late19th century. It is certainly because of Shanghai that the game enjoys its worldwide popularity. It was brought to America in the 1920s and has since spread throughout Europe and other parts of Asia. There is now a World Championship of Mahjong which is held every year. This year's championship was held in Chongqing and attracted players from America, Europe and Russia, as well as students from Peking University, Tshinghua University and Nankai University. There was no prize money, but the players delighted in using their wits and their understanding of statistics and probability theory to defeat their clever opponents.\nOf course, Mahjong doesn't have to always be that intense. For young people it can be a way to relax and to socialize, a chance to get away from their computers and talk to other people face to face. So, this Spring Festival, why not get out the \"old folks\" tiles:  it's good to be mad about Mahjong!", "id": "high23347.txt"}