{"answers": ["B", "A", "A"], "options": [["she became a good wife and got two jobs", "she had just received her bachelor's degree", "she had been a teacher at AshlandUniversity", "she was proud to be loved by her family"], ["she wanted to use her routine to move forward", "she wanted to get a good job as a teacher", "she felt she had failed and was very sad", "she had to support her mother and child"], ["how to learn from failure", "how to become a good woman", "how to earn a master' s degree", "how to bring up our children"]], "questions": ["It was one of the author's happiest times because   _  .", "The author did everything as usual because   _  .", "The passage mainly wants to teach us   _  ."], "article": "It was one of the happiest times of my life. I was 29 and had just received my bachelor's degree, graduating with honors despite working two jobs and being a wife and mother. My parents and five - year - old son were in the audience when I walked onto the stage at prefix = st1 /AshlandUniversityto get my diploma. I was so excited and proud to be starting a teaching career and contributing more to my family's well - being.\nBut when I got home that evening, there was a note from my husband written on the back of an envelope. It basically said he'd come to get his clothes and wouldn't be back. We'd been having trouble, but the finality of that note still came as a shock. He had emptied our bank account. We were horribly in debt. I had quit my previous jobs in expectation of interviewing for a teaching position. I was embarrassed, scared, and angry and felt I had failed.\nBut I had my son, and I was about to bring a new life into the world, so despite my deep sadness, I had to go on. The next morning, I woke up, put my feet on the floor, took a deep breath, fixed breakfast, and basically did everything I always did. I used my routine to keep me moving. One small step after one small step was the way I bounced back.\nAnd in the seven years since, I've continued moving forward. I got a job as a kindergarten teacher, earned a master' s degree in education. I certainly would never have chosen to put them through this, but I'm glad it happened to me when looking back. It helped me find my voice and myself a lot sooner. It helped me grow independent, confident, and strong--things I' m hopefully developing gradually now in my child.", "id": "high23352.txt"}