{"answers": ["B", "A", "C", "B"], "options": [["A successful life of Horvath", "A popular kind of exercise", "Some advice on health care", "Some uses of a special machine"], ["His dancing-related injury.", "His failure in practicing yoga.", "His good skills of dancing", "His wish to be a Gyrotonics trainer."], ["His experience in dancing.", "His use of a special machine.", "The movements of some animals.", "The ideas from many trainers."], ["Many Americans have improved their health through Gyrotonics.", "In a way, Gyrotonics is an exercise that comes from yoga.", "You only have to move your backbone when doing the exercise.", "Gyrotonics courses can be found in most countries worldwide."]], "questions": ["This passage mainly focuses on   _  .", "According to the passage, what made it possible for Horvath to develop Gyrotonics?", "What do you think inspired Horvath in developing Gyrotonics?", "What can we learn from the passage?"], "article": "An exercise method (Gyrotonics) designed to stretch muscles and improve strength and balance is becoming popular in the United States. Here's more about Gyrotonics and the man who invented this special form of exercise.\nGyrotonics is a kind of exercise that combines the movements of dancing and swimming with the mental and physical practice called yoga. It helps lengthen muscles, improve balance, and exercise the joints, the parts of the body where bones are joined.\nA Hungarian dancer named Juliu Horvath developed this special form of exercise. After he was injured in dancing, Mr. Horvath studied yoga intensely. In the 1980s, he developed a new exercise method as a special kind of yoga to strengthen dancers.\nAccording to Mr. Horvath, his method was based on the octopus ,monkey and cat. He says these animals have no restrictions. They can move in any direction the Gyrotonic movements to help the human body move more freely.\nA special machine made of wood and weights  helps guide the body through the Gyrotonics exercises. You sit or lie on a flat board. You put your legs or hands through special cloth handles attached to a line with weights. With the tension created by the weights, you must try to move through the exercises.\nSeven kinds of backbone movements form the base of Gyrotonics. For example, you can stretch your back to the left and right or forward and backward. While moving your back, you can also work on arm or leg motions. These movements must be done in a smooth way. Often the motions are circular . \nWhen Juliu Horvath first developed Gyrotonics, he was the only teacher. Since then, he has taught almost 70 trainers. Now, there are more then 800 official schools in the world where you can learn Gyrotonics.", "id": "high2336.txt"}