{"answers": ["C", "D", "B", "D"], "options": [["How To Be a Volunteer", "The Benefit of Being a Volunteer", "Volunteer Service in the West", "Who Can Be a Volunteer"], ["directly", "indirectly", "publicly", "secretly"], ["you need to get trained", "you can get something valuable", "you must be outgoing", "you need to work very long"], ["helping put in local libraries", "working as an assistant in schools", "offering friendship to the young", "driving the elderly to church"]], "questions": ["What's the best title of the passage?", "Which of the following can best replace the underline words in the text?", "You can infer from the passage that to be a volunteer,", "You are a student of thirteen. If you want to be a volunteer, you can do the following except"], "article": "Do you want to work with people, animals or machines? Do you want to work indoors or outdoors, directly serve people in need or serve people  behind the scenes? These are the typical questions that volunteer service agencies would ask.\nEvery year, thousands of people in the west offer volunteer service. Volunteering greatly strengthens the community because it helps the old, the young, the weak, the sick, the disabled and the injured to overcome difficulties.\nVolunteers usually help in many different ways. They may give people advice, offer friendship to the young , drive the elderly to church, counsel kids against drugs, work as assistants in schools or nursing homes, raise funds, plant trees, help out in local libraries and do many other things. Volunteering can be a few hours a week or a few hours a month. Anybody who wants to serve people in need can become a volunteer.\nThe art of volunteering is a process of both giving and receiving. Volunteering allows volunteers to meet new people, make new friends and mix with people from all walks of life. Volunteering is an excellent way to experiment,practice and try out new techniques and skills,discover your individual talents and explore career choice. Being a volunteer will take individuals on a wonderful journey and help them learn many important things beyond their school learning.", "id": "high23368.txt"}