{"answers": ["C", "A", "D"], "options": [["he had to take tests at school", "he had lots of sleepless nights", "he thought about his future", "he searched for words of wisdom"], ["Be content with what they know.", "Harve the  desice to learn more.", "Stay calm in the face of hardships", "Be modest so as to learn more."], ["an experience of a speech", "the most impressive quotation in life", "a memorable meeting with Jobs", "the wisdorn drawn from a speech"]], "questions": ["The author felt worried when  _  .", "What die NOT Steve Jobs encourage students to do in his speech?", "The passage is mainly about"], "article": "As a senior high school student, my-future is always on my mind. To-be exact,thoughts of the future have kept me up count.less nights and made me worrv enough to do poorly on more than one test. Because of this, words of wisdom are a scurce of comfort.Steve Jobs gave a speech to Stanford's graduating.class in 2005 and his words resound re-peatedly in my mind whenever I think about my future.\nIt started when l became a junior, when college came into view.  It's the first big step to making your life your own. So when Jobs discussed his life as a student, some fears were eased. He, too, felt the need to attend college to make something of himself. He faced what many are extremely afraid of: uncertainty. His lack of understanding caused him to stop attending college and focus on what he felt was important. His story had a happy ending, of course, since he certainly turned out well.\nThis doesn't mean that students shouldn't attend college, but rather that theyshouldn't worry so much.  You'll get where you neecl to go, even if your path is a bit morewinding than you'd like.\n    Jobs.talked about the hardships in his work.  His love of his work helped him carry on and he got wh.ere he was meant to be, which restates the point: don't panic.One particular part of his speech stayed with me.  Steve Jobs quoted thc saying\"Stay hungry, stay foolisll\" and it has become my motto. Staying foolish is realizing thatyou are still a fool, no matter how much you've learned or experienced.  There is alwaysmore to explore. Staying hungry is wanting to find those things about which you are stilluneducated.\nSteve Jobs' level of success is possible to achieve, and I aim to prove that. With the will power to go into the world living every day like it's my last and allowing the future to take care of itself, 1 will do great things.  In the last moments of my life, I'll be proud of what I have done and hope to have all the wisdom -a person could wish for.", "id": "high23378.txt"}