{"answers": ["A", "B", "D", "C"], "options": [["Pursuit of equal justice for all.", "International relations.", "His vision and agenda setting.", "Economic management."], ["Their personal likes and dislikes.", "Their worry about today.", "Their understanding of the presidents.", "Their historical knowledge."], ["Franklin", "George Washington, George W. Bush, Jimmy Carter, Andrew Johnson", "John F. Kennedy, Jimmy Carter, Ronald Reagan, James Buchanan", "Abraham Lincoln, Bill Clinton, Richard Nixon, George W. Bush"], ["An introduction to American presidents", "Why do Americans rank their presidents?", "Historians rank Lincoln best USpresident", "The rankings of some American presidents"]], "questions": ["In which of the following does George W. Bush rank highest?", "What has the greatest influence on people's rankings in the survey according to the passage?", "Which is the right order of the overall rankings of the American presidents?", "What's the best title for the above passage?"], "article": "Days after celebrations honoring his bicentennial  , Abraham Lincoln kept his rank as best US president, according to a survey of 65 historians that landed George W. Bush 36th out of 42 overall.  \nAbraham Lincoln (1861-1865), the first US president George Washington (1789-1797) and New Deal architect Franklin D. Roosevelt (1933-1945) were ranked the top three out of the 42 men who have been the country's former chiefs, according to a survey by cable channel C-SPAN.  \nJohn F. Kennedy came in sixth, ahead of Ronald Reagan (10th) and Bill Clinton, who jumped to 15th from 21st during the last survey in 2000, when prefix = st1 /Lincolnalso ranked first.  \nOf all modern presidents, Bush, who left office last month after an eight-year term, behaved worst at 36th, nearly 10 spots behind Richard Nixon (27th), who was forced to resign in disgrace in consequence of the Watergate Scandal  .  \nBush scored lowest in international relations, where he ranked 41st, and in economic management, where he placed 40th. His best ranking was 24th, in having \"pursued equal justice for all.\" He came 25thin crisis leadership, and for his vision and agenda setting.  \nReagan behaved well in public persuasion, where he was pushed to 3rd spot, from his 10th place overall.  \nBill Clinton also received honors for his public persuasion, landing a 10th spot in that category, up from 15th overall. But presidential historians were critical of his moral authority, placing him 37th, ahead of Richard Nixon (41st), but behind Bush (35th).  \nJimmy Carter fell from 22nd to 25th overall, and many other presidents moved positions. The fluidity   of opinions of past presidents reflects contemporary concerns, according to Edna Medford, a survey leader and participant.  \n\"Today's concerns shape our views of the past, he it in the area of foreign policy, managing the economy or human rights,\" she said in a statement.  \nPresidents James Buchanan, Andrew Johnson, Franklin Pierce and William Henry Harrison ranked worst overall.", "id": "high23384.txt"}