{"answers": ["C", "D", "A"], "options": [["doing shopping", "writing a poem", "reading a message", "leaving for Wyoming"], ["searching for poems online", "drawing the background by hand", "painting the letters in three color1s", "matching the words with pictures"], ["To suggest making gifts from one's heart.", "To describe the gifts the author has received.", "To explain how computers help create gifts.", "To show how to design pictures for gifts."]], "questions": ["The idea for a special gift began to form when the author was   _  .", "The author made the gift by  _  .", "What is the main purpose of the passage?"], "article": "What makes a gift special? Is it the price you see on the gift cover? Or is it the look on the receiver's face when they receive it that determines the true value? What gift is worth the most?\nThis Christmas I was thinking what to give my father. My dad is a hard person to buy for because he never wants anything. I pulled out my phone to read a text message from my mom saying that we were leaving for Christmas shopping for him when I came across a message on my phone that I had locked. The message was from my father. My eyes fell on a photo of a flower taken in Wyoming, and underneath a poem by William Blake. The flower, a lone dandelion  standing against the bright blue sky, inspired me. My dad had been reciting those words to me since I was a kid. That may even be the reason why I love writing. I decided that those words would be my gift to my father.\nI called back. I told my mom to go without me and that I already created my gift. I sent the photo of the cream-color1ed flower to my computer and typed the poem on top of it. As I was arranging the details another poem came to mind. The poem was written by Edgar Allan Poe; my dad recited it as much as he did the other. I typed that out as well and searched online for a background to the words of it. The poem was mainly about dreaming, and after searching I found the perfect picture. The picture was painted with blues and greens and purples, twisting together to create the theme and wonder of a dream. As I watched both poems passing through the printer, the white paper color1ing with words that shaped my childhood, I felt that this was a gift that my father would truly like.\nChristmas soon arrived. The minute I saw the look on my dad's face as he opened those swirling black letters carefully placed in a cheap frame , I knew I had given the perfect gift.", "id": "high23407.txt"}