{"answers": ["B", "D", "C", "C"], "options": [["Hemingway.", "Santiago.", "Manolin.", "Marlin."], ["As Santiago was old and weak ,his fishing skill became out of date.", "Manolin left the old man to work in another fishing boat happily.", "On the 85 th day Santiago and Manolin set out to sea to try their luck.", "Santiago proved himself to be brave enough to fight against nature."], ["gain a lot of money", "forget his pains and worries", "show his courage and dignity", "attract more visitors"], ["life can be smooth and hardship can be avoided", "challenges in life often bring great misfortunes", "to keep going is the spirit we should have in life", "a man needs devoted friends in time of misfortune"]], "questions": ["Who is the hero of The old Man and the Sea?", "What can we learn from the passage?", "The story suggests that the bare remains of the fish helped the old fisherman  _  .", "Through the story, Hemingway wants to show us that  _  ."], "article": "The OM Man and the Sea ,for which Hemingway was awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature, is one of the most influential novels of the literary treasure of the world. Famously known for his brief and short sentences ,Hemingway created ah interesting and unique style of writing that still appeal to readers today.\nSantiago was an aged Cuban fisherman, and many thought that he could no longer fish. For eighty-four days ,he set out to sea and returned empty-handed. So unlucky was he that the parents of his young, devoted apprentice   and friend , Manolin , forced the boy to leave the old man in order to fish in a more profitable boat On the eighty-fifth day ,the fisherman set out into the open sea to go fishing. At noon ,a big Marlin took hold of one of the lines, but the fish was far too big for him to handle.\nSantiago let the fish have enough line, so that it wouIdn9t break his pole; but he and his boat were dragged out to sea for three days. Finally ,the fish grew tired. Santiago killed it Even this final victory didn't end his journey. He was still far, far out to sea. To make matters worse, Santiago dragged the Marlin behind the boat and the fish blood attracted sharks.\nSantiago did his best to beat the sharks away ,but his efforts were not enough, The sharks ate the flesh off the Marlin ,and Santiago was left with only the bones. Santiago was tired out He got back home with nothing to show for his pains but the skeletal  remains of a large Marlin. Even with just the bare remains of the fish, the experience changed him, and charged the opinions others had of him. Manolin , who had been worried over the old man's absence, was moved to tears when he found Santiago safe in his bed, When the old man woke ,the two agreed to fish as partners once more.\nWith Santiago5S struggle to catch the Marlin and his journey home ,Santiago's courage was obvious as he faced challenges that just didn't seem to end. He didn't give up and even though he felt he had been very unlucky, there was hope to keep going on. He was destroyed but not defeated.", "id": "high23425.txt"}