{"answers": ["D", "A", "D", "C"], "options": [["Sony Walkman achieved great success with its recording function and speaker.", "Bill Bowerman was experimenting with rubber for large shoe companies.", "Shoe companies rejected Bill Bowerman as they failed to see the potential of Nike.", "Fred Smith got the idea of an overnight mail service from his own experience."], ["They were all determined about carrying out their ideas.", "They were good at answering other people's silly questions.", "They started their own company after discussing with others.", "They had a very clear plan for their new ideas at the very start"], ["asking others for their silly questions leads to inventions", "lots of creative ideas usually end up as \"silly\" questions", "adults usually ask more silly questions than children", "crazy ideas sometimes contribute to great inventions"], ["analyzing possible reasons", "presenting different opinions", "providing typical examples", "listing practical suggestions"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?", "What do the three persons mentioned in the passage have m common?", "We can conclude from the passage that  _  .", "The passage is mainly developed by  _  ."], "article": "Several years ago ,Masaru Ibuka ,chairman of Sony ,was at a company planning a meeting. Suddenly he hdd a brilliant idea. He stopped the meeting and asked everyone present what would happen if Sony removed the recording function and 'speaker and sold headphones with a tape player instead. Almost everyone thought he was crazy. Still ,Ibuka kept thinking about his idea and worked at improving it The result, of course, turned out to be the wildly successful Sony Walkman.\nGood ideas often start with a seemingly silly question. Bill Bowerman was making breakfast one day. As he stood there making waffles  for his son, he wondered what would happen if he poured rubber into his waffle iron. Later ,he tried it and the result looked something Like the bottom of most sports shoes we see today. Still, when he took this idea to several existing shoe companies, he was laughed at In fact, every single company turned him down. Though rather discouraged, Bowerman insisted and went on to form his own company, making NBKE athletic shoes.\nSometime good ideas grow out of frustration  .When Fred Smith was a student at Yale University, he had some paperwork that he needed to have delivered across the country the next day. Smith was amazed to find out that overnight delivery was impossible. He sat for a long while ,lost in thought Why couldn't there be a reliable overnight mail delivery service? He decided to design one. Smith did just that and turned his design into a class project His business professor gave him only a C for his efforts. However, Smith was not through. He improved the idea in that class project and finally turned them into one of the first and most successful overnight mail service in the world -- FedEx.\nWe know that each of these ideas led to a very successful product or service that has changed the way many of us live. The best questions are usually open-ended and are often silly, Children aren't afraid to ask such questions ,but adults frequently are. Think how different the world might be if people never asked \" silly\" questions!", "id": "high23427.txt"}