{"answers": ["B"], "options": [["She didn't want to meet anyone.", "She had a sorrowful mood.", "She didn't want to eat anything.", "She couldn't feel happy or hurt."]], "questions": ["What does the author mean by saying \"I almost buried myself in great grief\"?"], "article": "I was born in a middle class family. At one time, I was a girl who was talkative and confident. Friends around me envied me that l was always keeping a smile on my face and regarded me as a little happy swallow.\n    However, things have changed with the passage of time. In 2006, I failed to get into my ideal university. But I didn't want to give up, so I was determined to retake the exam in 2007. At that time, I was confident in showing my abilities.\n    Unfortunately, things didn't go well again. I can clearly remember that it was on August 15th of 2006 that my family received a bad news from my  s. It wasn't until then that I came to realize how much of burdens I have to bear. Having heard that my elder sister suffered from mental illness, I couldn't help crying in class. Reluctant to accept the fact, I often said to myself 'God is just playing with me. It can't be true.' For this reason, I had struggled with these difficulties for a long time. During the fourth year of senior life, I almost buried myself in great grief. As a result, I had no appetite for study any more, and I even gave up. Consequently, I failed, once more.\n    Looking back to the most difficult time, from 2006 to 2007, when I had no interests and low spirits every day, I often think how silly l was then. Happily, my elder sister is getting better and better under the considerate care of my family. Apart from this, thanks to my friends, l am trying to recover quickly. Gradually, I am adjusting to life in college and get along well with new dorm-mates. \n    Everyone who hears my story would feel sorry for my experience. I need no sympathy but I would rather have more care and encouragement. I am convinced that life will be different and meaningful if I make every effort to take challenges and meet them.", "id": "high23431.txt"}