{"answers": ["C", "B", "D", "A"], "options": [["What benefits one can get from taking exercise.", "How much exercise one should take.", "What time of the day is suitable for taking exercise.", "What forms of exercise one should choose."], ["At least 30 minutes every day.", "At least 30 minutes five times a week.", "At least 60 minutes five times a week.", "At least 60 minutes every day."], ["taking the lift at the gym", "running on the playground", "riding a bike to school", "playing football"], ["Walking up stairs is also a kind of exercise.", "It is no use exercising by yourself.", "Don't do exercise if you are busy.", "One should try to save money for joining a gym."]], "questions": ["Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage?", "Mr. Wang is a supermarket manager, how much exercise does he need every week?", "You can have more fun and keep healthy at the same time by   _  .", "What can we learn from the passage?"], "article": "You can get a lot from being healthy. Everyone needs to take time to exercise. There are lots of ways to improve your health without having to join a gym. Here are some tips on how to better make use of your free time while staying healthy. \n    By keeping physically active, you're making sure that your joints   and body organs   are kept in good working order. Exercise can also help keep your weight at a healthy level and can protect you against catching coughs and colds. Other benefits are an increase in your energy level and brain activity. Knowing that you're looking and feeling good can also increase your self-confidence.\n    If you're under 18, you should try to do a total of 60 minutes of physical exercise every day. This includes anything from taking the lift at the gym to walking up stairs. If you're over 18, it's at least 30 minutes of exercise at least five days a week.\n    Getting fit isn't all about gyms - some forms of exercise won't cost you any money, and most forms can easily be used in your busy lifestyle without having to find some special time in your day. For example, riding a bike to school, college or work, and even running on a playground a few times a week can improve your fitness level. \n    Getting fit isn't just something you have to do by yourself. Playing team sports like football, or basketball is great exercise, and it is often more enjoyable because you're playing with a group of friends.", "id": "high23444.txt"}