{"answers": ["C", "D"], "options": [["they work harder than men do in picking", "they can throw their picking more easily into the baskets", "their fingers fit them better for the job", "they can move easily find the twin leaves"], ["To introduce various methods of tea processing.", "To persuade readers to buy tea from Sri Lanka.", "To tell a story that had happened in the tea gardens.", "To inform readers of tea growing, picking and processing."]], "questions": ["One of the reasons why women are employed to do the picking is that  _  .", "What's the writer's purpose in writing the passage?"], "article": "The tea gardens in Sri Lanka are actually large estates . The best tea usually comes from plants grown on high grounds, the cool hilltops with rows and rows of tea plants. The plants are about one metre apart. The plant is often pruned so that it remains only 60 to 90 centimetres high. _ is important because it encourages the growth of tender hoots, or young leaves. It is from these shoots that the best in got.\nPractically all the tea pickers are women. The estates like to employ women pickers because they are more careful. Their thin fingers can easily remove the twin leaves and new shoots from the plant, which are the parts used for processing tea. The pickers carry large baskets into which they throw their pickings. A skilled worker can harvest between 9 to 14 kilogrammes of tea leaves a day. Usually new shoots can be picked from the plants about every ten or fifteen days.\nProcessing tea shoots into the familiar dry tea leaves requires great care and skill. There are various methods of processing depending on the type of tea required. For black tea, the young green leaves are first spread out on shelves to dry. This process removes much of its water and the leaves become soft. After this, the leaves are passed through heavy rollers. This operation will press the leaves for juices which give the tea both its colour and taste. Then the leaves are spread out on floors and left to ferment under wet conditions. Fermentation develops the rich taste of black tea. The fermented leaves are then dried with a hotair blower until they become rolledup black leaves. The final step is to sort and grade them before the black tea is ready for sale to countries all over the world.", "id": "high2344.txt"}