{"answers": ["D", "D", "B", "D", "B"], "options": [["to prove that his father was as great as the ocean", "to prove that his father was a fisherman", "to tell us that his father's clothes were very dirty", "to show that his father worked hard all the year on the sea"], ["the writer is very rich now", "the writer's father was not hard-working", "the writer's father didn't love him at all", "the writer loved his father dearly"], ["Angry and surprised.", "Surprised and sad.", "Satisfied and excited.", "Frightened and disappointed."], ["Because he wanted to be kissed by his father.", "Because he was very shy.", "Because he felt very cold in the morning.", "Because staying with his father made him feel embarrassed."], ["Happy.", "Regretful.", "Hopeful.", "Terrified."]], "questions": ["Frank said that his father smelled like the ocean   _  .", "From the passage we learn that   _  .", "How did his father feel when the writer said that he was too old for any kind of kiss?", "Why would Frank shrink down into the seat hoping to disappear?", "In what tone did Frank tell of his father?"], "article": "Frank looked at us and said, ''My Dad was a fisherman. He was a big man, and he was strong from pulling the nets and fighting the seas for his catch. When you got close to him, he smelled like the ocean. He would wear his old canvas, foul-weather coat and his bibbed overalls. No matter how much my Mother washed them, they would still smell of the sea and of fish.''\n  His voice dropped a bit. ''When the weather was bad he would drive me to school. He had an old truck which was older than he was. You could hear it coming for blocks. As he drove toward the school, I would shrink down into the seat hoping to disappear. Then he would lean over and give me a big kiss on the cheek and tell me to be a good boy. It was so embarrassing for me. Here, I was twelve years old, and my Dad would lean over and kiss me goodbye!'' \nHe paused and then went on, ''I remember the day I decided I was too old for a goodbye kiss. When we got to the school and came to a stop, he had his usual big smile. He started to lean toward me, but I put my hand up and said, 'No, Dad. I'm too old for a goodbye kiss. I'm too old for any kind of kiss.''\n''My Dad looked at me for the longest time, and his eyes started to tear up. I had never seen him cry. He turned and looked out the windshield  . 'You're right,' he said. 'You are a big boy....a man. I won't kiss you anymore.'' \n  Frank got a funny look on his face, and the tears began to well up in his eyes, as he spoke. ''It wasn't long after that when my Dad went to sea and never came back. It was a day when most of the fleet stayed in, but not Dad. He had a big family to feed. They found his boat adrift with its nets half in and half out. He must have gotten into a gale   and was trying to save the nets and the floats.''", "id": "high23477.txt"}