{"answers": ["D", "A", "A"], "options": [["reunite with your family first", "sit separately", "escape with your family together", "escape separately"], ["The shoulder belt should never be under the arms.", "The shoulder belt should be close to your shoulder joint.", "The lap belt should be low across the waist.", "All belts are fastened closely against the body."], ["Self-help tips for passengers", "Safety instructions while driving", "Where to sit on board", "Fastening your seat belts"]], "questions": ["While travelling, in the event of emergency, you'd better  _  .", "Which of the following is the right step to fastening your seat belts?", "The best title for the passage is  _  ."], "article": "Australian researchers have studied records of 105 plane crashes and interviews with more than 2,000 survivors of traffic accidents, and outlined the following self-help tips.\nFirst, sit with your family but escape separately. About 50 percent of passengers travel with at least one companion. If you are traveling with your family, try not to sit separately because in an emergency, families who are separated will try to reunite before they escape, thereby missing the best time to escape and causing tragedy. However, it is best to escape separately because it will improve your chances of survival. \nSecond, have your seat belts securely fastened. The shoulder belt should be worn closely against the body, over the shoulder, cross the chest, and never under the arms. It should not be too close to your head, or it may get you hurt in an accident, or too close to your shoulder joint, which may cause the belt easily to slip off. It is best to wear the belt two fingers away from your shoulder joint. The lap belt should be firm against the body and low across the hips  in order to prevent collision forces from hurting your viscera . Make sure both belts are fastened closely against the body.\nThird, find the nearest exit on board. A study found that the average distance a survivor will take in an escape is seven seat rows, so choose a passage seat within this range. If not available, count exactly how many rows you are from the nearest exit in advance, so that you can find your exit in the dark or in smoke.\nFourth, sit backwards on trains. Seats on military aircrafts normally face backwards so that soldiers are less likely to be bumped and injured in the head in the event of a crash. The same theory applies to trains.", "id": "high23486.txt"}