{"answers": ["C", "A"], "options": [["had nine brothers and sisters", "live a happy life as a child", "loved performing at school", "fell in love with music at the age of 11"], ["Five making MTV popular", "creating music video channel", "joining the Jackson", "popularizing the moonwalk"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, Michael Jackson   _  .", "In the author's opinion, Michael Jackson 's greatest contribution lies in   _  ."], "article": "Michael Joseph Jackson was born on August 29,1958 in Gary, Indiana. Being the seventh child in his family, Michael was often physically abused   by his father, beaten up and also orally abused. But Michael also owed his success to his father's strict discipline.\nMichael was always an entertainer. Even when he just started school, he would perform in front of his friends and classmates. He started his professional music career at the age of 11, as a member of The Jackson Five.\nHe is well-known for increasing the popularity of MTV through his music videos. Before this, music videos were made just to promote the album. But Michael's videos managed to change that by making them an art and a big business. Some of the music videos that are good examples of this are Beat It, Billie Jean, and thriller. Through these works the world got caught onto the idea of music videos and focused on music video channels.\nMichael _ his fans and audience with his style of singing, dressing, and his complex dance moves, especially the moonwalks all around the world to show their love for him.\nThrough his work and various foundations , Michael raised and donated millions to charity, which is much more than any showman. He supported 39 charities in all. Apart from that, he had a great love for children, especially the poor ones, and he felt that children were the best thing than God.\nMichael planned to start a 50-concert tour in July 2009. Sadly  on June 25th, 2009, Michael passed away at home. Besides a great performer, showman and entertainer, he was a good and charitable person. Nobody can be another graeter entertainer like Michael Jackson ever again.", "id": "high2348.txt"}