{"answers": ["A", "D"], "options": [["The effects of music on us.", "The importance of music teaching.", "How to create music by ourselves.", "How to teach children music."], ["Doubtful.", "Critical.", "Curious.", "Favorable."]], "questions": ["What does the passage mainly talk about?", "What's the author's attitude towards music?"], "article": "All of us love music; we just differ in the kind of music we like to play and listen to. Music plays a huge part in our life. Even when we were still inside our mother, we heard music. Babies easily fall asleep when they hear lullabies   and most mothers believe that making their child listen to music at an early age can develop their musical skills.\nAside from improving sleep quality and making us feel relaxed, music also helps develop our brain. Studies have proven that musical education or training helps develop the left side of the brain which is responsible for processing language. We easily remember things when we link them to a particular song and this can help them get good grades especially in math since they can link the songs they sing to the elements of math.\nMusic can also cure people. These days music is used to help treat depression , high blood pressure, brain injuries and many other problems. Most of all, according to researchers, music can help improve people's memory, if not totally bring it back. Doctors play the favorite songs of their patients to help them recall things. Music is also used to reduce pain after a person receives a surgery. \nMusic also affects the way we live and get along with other people. Creating music together with people in a band can help a person learn how to communicate well with other people. Music activities provide enjoyment for children and adults alike. They have fun making music together with friends and at the same time learn how to sing or play a musical instrument.\nMusic really has amazing effects on us; it may be physical, emotional, social, or psychological  . Make sure to enjoy life by listening to your favorite music along with your family and friends.", "id": "high23488.txt"}