{"answers": ["B", "C"], "options": [["whether the words are easy to remember", "what emotion the words can bring to people", "whether the words are popular and in fashion", "which group of people will be interested in them"], ["The Influence of Advertising", "The History of Advertising", "Language in Advertising", "The Art of Language"]], "questions": ["When choosing words for their products,advertisers should consider  _  .", "What would be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "Language has a powerful influence over people and their behaviour. This is especially true in the fields of advertising. Visual content and design in advertising have a very great impact on the consumers,but it is language that helps people to identify a product and keep it in mind. The choice of language to show specific messages with the intention of influencing people is of vital importance.\nThe English language is known for its extensive vocabulary. While many other languages have only one or two words to carry a particular meaning,English may have five or six. Moreover,the meanings of these five or six words may differ very slightly and in a very subtle  way. It is important to understand the connotation  of a word. \"Armchair\",for example,suggests comfort,whereas \"chair\" causes no particular feelings. Different people sometimes interpret language in different ways.\nBoth the mass media,when reporting news items,and marketing and advertising personnel have to consider the emotive power of the words they use. First,they make a decision about what to communicate and what to withhold .One way in which advertisers adapt language to their own use is to take compound words and use them as adjectives. Examples of these compounds are:top-quality,economysize,chocolateflavoured,featherlight and longerlasting. These compounds have become part of the English language.\nThe language of advertising always emphasizes  why one product stands out in comparison with the others. Don't expect advertising language to be always correct in the normal sense. For example,comparatives are often used when no real comparison is made. An advertisement for a detergent  may say \"It gets clothes whiter\",but whiter than what?", "id": "high23492.txt"}