{"answers": ["A", "D", "D"], "options": [["A good name will bring you money.", "A person should rely on his friends for business.", "Advertising can make customers believe its wonderful.", "A company can rely on its associates to survive."], ["business fames", "media assistance", "particular recognition", "associates' recommendation"], ["Make more money than you expect", "Have a mutual understanding with your customers", "Build a great reputation immediately", "Earn your fame as well as advertise for your company"]], "questions": ["What is the main topic of this passage?", "According to the passage, whether we go to a place or not depend on   _  .", "When you do an outstanding job in service, you will surely   _"], "article": "When you were looking for a reliable, honest auto mechanize, how did you find him? Before you went into that restaurant you recently tried, how did you know that it served great good? If you are like most people on the planet, you want to lower your risk of a big ugly surprise so you asked people you trust to refer to a business they trust. Marketers call this friend-to friend recognition of business \"word-of -mouth advertising.\nWhen you do a treat job for your customer for a band job, people are going to talk about your business. Unfortunately, because we humans seem to feel negative emotions more intensively than positive ones, there're more likely to tell more of our friends about bad experiences with busyness than positive ones. Understand this: customer believes their own experience. You can't make them believed that your company is wonderful when they felt they were treated badly.\nSo, to get positive word-of-mouth going for your business in this service- based economy, you've got to do a really outstanding job for everyone, exactly.\nAnd when you do, you build a great reputation. That takes time. But it forms a close link with your customers in a way that no advertising and no promotional coupon ever could.\nThe good news is that because there are so many different businesses chasing after your customers' money, people want to know whom they can trust. So people are going to be talking about you. Create a free sales force for your business - an army of delighted customers who tell everyone that they know how good your company is to do business with. That's great antidote to  _ .", "id": "high23503.txt"}