{"answers": ["D", "B", "B"], "options": [["Before having dinner.", "When cleaning a baby.", "After using the toilet.", "While washing the dishes"], ["To prevent the spread of disease.", "To remove disease-causing germs", "To get rid of the dirt the hands hold.", "To make their hands smell pleasant."], ["1,500,000 children die of Pneumonia each year.", "Soap plays an important role in removing germs.", "Washing hands saves 1,00,000 children from Diarrhea.", "Breathing infections cause the largest number of child death."]], "questions": ["Which of the following situation doesn't belong to a critical moment?", "Why is it necessary for people to wash their hands with soap?", "What can we learn from the text?"], "article": "October 15th2008 is the first Global Handwashing Day, whose goal is to create a culture of hand washing with soap. Activities are planned in more than twenty countries to get millions of people in the developing world to wash their hands with soap.\n150,000 bars of soap were given to schools in prefix = st1 /Ethiopia, where the Education Ministry asked 1,000,000 schoolchildren to wash their hands for _ .  \nExperts say people around the world wash their hands but very few use soap at critical moments such as after using the toilet, after cleaning a baby and before touching food. \nThe organizers say all soaps are equally effective at removing disease-causing germs . They say the correct way to wash is to wet your hands with a small amount of water and cover them with soap. Rub it into all areas, including under the fingernails. Rub for at least 20 seconds. \nThen, wash your hands well under running water. Finally, dry your hands with a clean cloth or wave them in the air. \nThey say soap is important because it increases the time that people spend washing. Soap also helps to break up the grease  and dirt that hold most of the germs. And it usually leaves a pleasant smell, which encourages people to wash again.\nThey say washing with soap before eating and after using the toilet could save more lives than any vaccine or medicine. It could help reduce cases of diarrhea  by almost half. And it could reduce deaths from pneumonia  and other breathing infections by one-fourth. \nDiarrhea is the second leading cause of child deaths, killing more than 1,500,000 children a year. Pneumonia is the leading cause, killing about 2,000,000 children under five each year. Hand washing can also prevent the spread of other diseases. \nWhen people get germs on their hands, they can infect themselves by touching their eyes, nose or mouth. Then they can infect others.", "id": "high23526.txt"}