{"answers": ["C", "B", "D"], "options": [["their Chechen families were threatened to blow up", "the plane was forced to fly from Istanbul to Saudi Arabia", "they wanted Russiato end his fighting against rebelling Chechens", "Saudi Special Forces killed 3 people"], ["Get some electricity supplies from other countries.", "Ask people to save more electricity.", "Warn people of the tight electricity supplies.", "The state of Californiawill have to build more power stations."], ["tell people that the British boy band ALwas not welcomed", "show his or her anger that foreign bands seldom come to Indonesia", "show Indonesialove music so much", "tell the fact that 4 girls were pressed to death"]], "questions": ["The hijackers seized the Russian airliner because   _  .", "How can the State of Californiabe away from the power failure according to the passage?", "In the third piece of news the writer just wants to   _  ."], "article": "MEDINA, Saudi Arabia: 3 people were killed when Saudi special forces stormed a Russian airliner and freed more than 100 passengers from hijackers   on Friday. The hijackers admitted to be Chechens and threatened to blow up the plane. They seized the airliner on Thursday after it took off from Istanbul and forced it to fly to prefix = st1 /Saudi Arabia. There they demanded that Russiatake back its army in the Muslim district of Chechnya, which goes against the Russian government for its independence. \nSAN FRANCISCO: California's officials warned on Tuesday that tight electricity supplies could lead to a second following day of statewide power failure. \"If we can get some more resources from outside the state of Californiaand if people can save a great deal, that would certainly help. \" Said a local official. \nJAKARTA: 4 teenage girls were pressed to death in a shopping center in the Indonesian capital on Sunday. The accident happened when the British boy band ALwas performing. Hundreds had gathered to the popular shopping center in Jakartato hear the group perform. Foreign bands nowadays seldom come to Indonesia. \nKABUL: Afghanistan's ruling Taliban killed 100 cows at the presidential palace inKabulon March 19. The Taliban carried out the cruel deed to make up for not acting earlier to destroy all the country's statues. The world has found fault with the destruction of the valuable fortune of the world.", "id": "high23528.txt"}