{"answers": ["B", "C", "D"], "options": [["The frequency of mice's voice is so high that it's impossible for humans to hear it.", "When male mice make special sounds to females they can't control the sounds.", "Birds and elephants are both romantic animals that are good at expressing love.", "Animals like mice are smart even though they often make sounds randomly."], ["They are all animals well-known for their smart appearances.", "They are often chosen to carry out scientific experiments on.", "They all have the ability to learn to adapt their voices.", "Their numbers are quite limited in the natural world."], ["help readers better understand the article", "stress the importance of the article", "explain why this article is written", "get readers interested in the topic"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is proven wrong by the latest discovery?", "What do parrots, whales and dolphins have in common according to the passage?", "Romantic movies and TV shows are mentioned at the beginning of the passage to   _  ."], "article": "In many romantic movies or TV shows one scene always appears. It involves a handsome man standing outside a young woman's window, singing a love song to her to win her over. However, trying to woo a female with songs is not just something that humans do. A few animals sing love songs as well. Birds and elephants are romantic but the latest animal to  _ a female might surprise you--it is the humble mouse.\n    You may find it odd to find out that mice sing. We do not hear them because the frequency of their voice is so high. In fact, scientists have known for some time that male mice make special sounds to females, but it has always been assumed that the sounds are produced instinctively   and randomly, with little thought going into the process. But new research suggests otherwise. When male mice with different voices were put in a cage together, scientists found that they would gradually change their pitches   to sound like one another. But when a female mouse was put in the cage with two males, one male would change his pitch to match the other. \"It was usually the smaller animal changing the pitch to match the larger animal,\" professor Erich Jarvis, leader of the study, from Duke University, US, told BBC News. This ability, known as vocal learning, is rare in the natural world. It had been thought to be limited to some birds, such as parrots--as well as whales and dolphins. The latest findings challenge the long-held opinion that mice cannot learn to adapt their voices.\n    Scientists also found the part of the brain that controls the mice's singing ability. In the experiment, they damaged the cells in this part of the mice's brain and found that the animals couldn't keep their songs in pitch or repeat them any more. This also happened when the mice became deaf. Jarvis said that this finding had changed his understanding of the way mice make sound. \"In mice we find that the pathways that are at least modulating   these vocalizations   are in the forebrain, in places where you actually find them in humans,\" he said. \"If we're not wrong, these findings will be a big boost to scientists studying diseases like autism and anxiety disorders.\"", "id": "high23549.txt"}