{"answers": ["D", "B"], "options": [["show butchering is cruel", "explain the meaning of covenant", "express his disappointment with old customs", "show breaking one's promises is terrible"], ["upset", "concerned", "sad", "uneasy"]], "questions": ["The author mentioned the custom of cutting an animal in half mainly to   _   .", "The author was a bit   _   about the new couple's vows."], "article": "There have been a number of occasions through the years that I had to sit at the feet of a theologian  .Some of those times, I came away wondering what on earth the man was talking about. That was not the case when I heard Dr. Randy Harris. He suggested that a lot of our day-to-day problems in the world be solved by simply keeping our promises. Too many people do not take such matters seriously. Are you serious in keeping your promises?\nSome of my most anxious moments in over a half-century of ministry have come as a result of carelessness in failing to keep my word. Preachers   can say a lot of requests on any given Sunday. I have been asked to make hospital visits, write letters of recommendation , put people's names on the prayer list, read books, make telephone calls, remember birthdays and anniversaries, come to special events, and put announcements in the church bulletin  .\nThere was a time when I would foolishly agree to fulfill each request. I had the best of intentions, but I could not remember all I had agreed to do, much less find a way to do them all! Did I think I was \"Super-Preacher\"? The sad look of disappointed faces taught me that I was not. I hurt people, and they deserved better.\nThe Hebrew word of covenant   means primarily \"a cutting\". It refers to the custom of cutting an animal in half and having the parties making promises pass between the two halves. They were saying to each other, \"If I don't keep my word, may I be as this animal--be cut in two.\"\nIf butchering   were the result of breaking our word today, how many of us would be headed for the death? I think that, although we are not cut like animals for our failures to keep promises, there are serious results connected with our carelessness. It ruins our character and our reputation.\nWhat can we do? It is simple. Stop making promises we cannot keep. Reduce promise lists, and be sure to carry out the commitments that remain on it. If after giving our word, we are unable to keep the appointment or whatever, inform and apologize as soon as possible.\nLast weekend, I stood with a dressed-up couple at a wedding in another county. They made some serious promises to each other in a covenant of marriage. They made vows to be faithful to each other for as long as they live. I pray God that they will keep those vows and be an example for others to follow.", "id": "high23551.txt"}