{"answers": ["C", "D", "C", "B"], "options": [["About 3.3 billion tons.", "About 3.9 billion tons.", "About 4.3 billion tons.", "About 5.6 billion tons."], ["half the people in Europe", "most people of America", "most people of Asia", "most people of Africa"], ["he was once very poor", "he was once a farmer", "he once worked in a restaurant", "the price of food is very high"], ["To show the author's opinion of food.", "To let us live more wisely and not waste food.", "To show the amount of wasted food a year.", "To ask the richest countries to help African people."]], "questions": ["According to the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization, how much food do people produce each year in the world?", "It can be learned that the food the rich waste can support  _  .", "The author gave his personal tip based on the fact that   _  .", "What is the purpose of this article?"], "article": "An average 30-year-old person who has eaten three meals a day since birth has eaten more than 30,000 meals to date. Even if you've only eaten half that much, you have to admit this: you've let some of that breakfast, lunch or dinner go to waste. And it turns out that we're all to blame for this shaming fact: 30% of all food produced in the world each year is wasted or lost. That's about 1.3 billion tons, according to a new report by the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization.\nThat's the weight of more than 8.6 million full-grown blue whales, the largest creatures on earth. That's the weight of more than 2.3 million Airbus A380s, the largest planes in existence. That's as if each person in China, the world's most populous country with more than 1.3 billion people, had one ton mass of food they could just throw into the dustbin. It's almost  _ ,isn't it?\nSetting aside that big number, we find the people with the most money are the ones who waste the most. Per capita(  ), European and North American countries waste between 95 and 115 kilograms of food. Sub-Saharan African, South Asian and Southeast Asian countries waste much less -- between 6 and 11 kilograms per person.\nHere's another statistic: all the food that the world's richest countries waste is about equal to all the food that sub-Saharan Africa produces. The numbers: 222 million tons and 230 million tons, respectively( ). Basically, the wasted food of the rich could feed much of the African continent. And these numbers come as we've just been reporting about rising food prices around the world in the past week.\nAnd my own personal tip: if I eat at a restaurant and can't finish it all, I ask for a doggie bag. I used to be a waiter years ago and will never forget the amounts of food I saw left on the table after the bill was paid. There's no reason to waste food. It's up to all of us to use our common sense to eat and shop just a bit more wisely.", "id": "high23565.txt"}