{"answers": ["B", "C", "B", "D"], "options": [["a child", "a school", "a teacher", "a disease"], ["Taking them to see doctors more often.", "Parents' spending more time caring for them.", "Parents, doctors and schools' working together.", "Choosing the best primary school for them."], ["By punishing and criticizing them.", "By asking them to play games.", "By forcing them to listen to them.", "By giving them a strict environment."], ["Teachers.", "Children.", "Doctors.", "Parents"]], "questions": ["The passage is mainly about   _  .", "Which of the following is necessary to help children with ADHD according to the passage?", "How do the teachers deal with students with excess energy?", "Who is the passage written for?"], "article": "If a child has a learning problem before he leaves the Second or Third Grade, it's difficult for him to study well. ADHD is one of the most common learning disabilities. Even with parents and doctors working together without schools' help, it is very hard to get rid of the disability. Sadly, even today, there are many schools that don't know how to deal with the children with these disabilities.\nFairfield Primary School is a good place for children that have been diagnosed with ADHD. The teachers really care about all of their students and they are willing to work with parents and doctors in order to help these children. When they see the child want to act up  in class, they usually give the child something physical to do in order to get rid of the excess  energy. They never punish the child for something that is beyond the child's control.\nOverall, Fairfield Primary School has all of things that a child with ADHD needs. They provide interesting class games for the child's excess energy. They also provide the school rules the child needs. They give the child a caring environment where they are not kept apart because they are different. This is a very good school for a child who is suffering from one or more of these problems.\nWe believe your child with ADHD can learn, change and succeed if they come to study in Fairfield Primary School.", "id": "high23568.txt"}