{"answers": ["D", "B", "C", "D"], "options": [["the language of the younger generation is usually better than that of the older generation", "students had a poor command of English because they didn't work hard", "he was an excellent teacher because he had been teaching English for 60 years", "English teachers should be responsible for the students' poor command of English"], ["gave a correct judgment of the English level of the students", "had made the language problems of the students seem larger", "was fight in saying that English teachers were not doing their jobs", "could think and speak mentally"], ["general", "positive", "disapproving.", "passive"], ["it is suitable to include English as a school subject", "the author agrees with the speaker over the standard of English at Grade 9 level", "English language teaching is an easy job", "language improvement needs time and effort"]], "questions": ["The speaker the author mentioned in the passage believed that", "In the author's opinion, the speaker_.", "The author's attitude towards the speaker's remarks is", "It can be concluded from the passage that"], "article": "The audience nodded in agreement when the speaker, a teacher from a community college, said, \"High school English teachers are not doing their jobs.\" He described the shortcomings of his students, all high school graduates who can use language only at Grade 9 level. I was unable to determine from his answers to my questions ho. w this grade 9 level had been raised. \nMy topic is neither standards nor its decline . What the speaker was really saying is that he is no longer young; he has been teaching for sixteen years, and is able to think and speak like an adult. \nMy point is that the frequent complaint of one generation about the next is unavoidable. It is also human nature to look for the reason for our dissatisfaction. Before English became a school subject in the late nineteenth century, it was difficult to find the target of the blame for language limitation. But since then, English teachers have been under constant attack. \nThe complainers think they have hit upon an original idea. As their own command of the language improves, they notice that young people do not have this same ability. Unaware that their own ability has developed through the years, they take as true the new generation of young people must be hopeless in this respect. To the eyes and ears of adults the language of the young never seems enough. \nSince this concern about the fall of the English language is not taken as a generation phenomenon but rather as something new to today's young people, it naturally follows that today's English teachers cannot be doing their jobs. Otherwise, young people would not make mistakes of the language.", "id": "high23577.txt"}