{"answers": ["D", "A"], "options": [["it is possible to control it", "let it known by whoever you are facing", "do whatever you like and don't care what others say", "learn to relax yourself in a possible way"], ["We have to learn to be patient with others because it can benefit us.", "When you are under pressure, it is unavoidable to be impatient.", "Doing something that you like may make you feel good when you are impatient.", "Patience is a quality that can be improved."]], "questions": ["When you realized that your patience is being examined, you should  _  .", "Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the text?"], "article": "Learning how to be patient with people can be challenging for some. After all, not everybody is gifted with great patience. The good news is that it is something that can be learned and eventually perfected.\nWhen the customer before you takes ages to pay for his or her groceries, you tap your foot impatiently and cough every now and then; but no, the customer is still not hurrying up. It takes all of your power not to _ However, if you picture that customer to be someone you like (say your partner), then you will find yourself not getting too annoyed, right? So the next time you find yourself losing patience with somebody, simply visualize that person to be someone you really, really like and your patience will extend its life.\nThe second step on how to be patient with people involves whistling. When you whistle a happy tune, you instantly cheer up. You can sing your favorite song if you can't whistle - it really doesn't make a difference. What's important here is that you have done something that makes you feel good. And when you feel good, you are more likely to be patient with the people around you.\nNext, when you're stressed, it's almost impossible to learn how to be patient with people. If you know you're going to be in a situation where your patience will be tested, meditate or get yourself a massage  first. Don't dive into anything unless you've managed to clear yourself off negative emotions. Remember: the more stressed you are, the faster you'll lose your temper. The less stress you have in your life, the longer your patience.\nLearning how to patient with people is not a necessity in life. You've seen people who manage to survive day to day with incredibly bad tempers after all. But do you really want to live like they do? If, however, you want a life that has better quality than that, then just follow these steps and embrace the fact that patience is a virtue.", "id": "high2357.txt"}