{"answers": ["D", "B", "A"], "options": [["they expect to be happy", "they know each other pretty well", "they will spend seven days a week running a business", "they want to start setting up their real estate business"], ["against the couple's marriage", "used to the old country customs", "expecting to be very happy", "becoming more used to American marriage"], ["Christopher and Samantha's Marriage", "Building a Modern American Marriage", "Old World Views on Marriage", "Staring a New Business"]], "questions": ["Christopher and Samantha will not have honeymoon because  _  .", "Christopher's mother and father are   _  .", "The best title foe this passage is   _  ."], "article": "My name is Christopher. My family came to America before I was born . In two weeks I am going to be married , and my Fiance'e   , Samantha, and expect to be very happy. We do not plan to have honeymoon because we want to spend two weeks setting up our own new business as real estate agents . \n     My mother , who is very traditional  , says that our plans are unreasonable. She thinks that we should just spend two weeks on a holiday in the Caribbean . In her days , and in the old country , young couples didn't start business together. Instead the man went out to work , and the wife stayed home to raise a family. \n     Both Samantha and I want children in the future , and together we plan to raise them . Needless to say, our plans and my mother's views don't agree . I suppose it's hard for my mother and father to understand our point of view. They are used to another way of setting up a marriage and a life. \n     Another thing that worries my parents is the fact that Samantha and I are going to be spending seven days a week on our business until it is running smoothly. As my mother has pointed out to us, such a timetable will leave us little time for socializing or for a night in the town. My mother says a young couple should enjoy themselves and get to know each other under less exciting conditions. \n     Actually. Samantha and I know each other pretty well. We both work hard for our goals, and neither of us minds giving up weekends for a while. We are young and enthusiastic .", "id": "high23581.txt"}