{"answers": ["B", "D", "D"], "options": [["he also wanted to know who held such an opinion", "like his friend, he also thought life was unfair", "it made him regret something during his childhood", "he learned something from the question as a youngster"], ["stop us making everything perfect", "let us deal with others differently", "get us to feel sorry for others", "inspire us to make every effort"], ["indifferent", "self-pity", "negative", "positive"]], "questions": ["The author thought of his friend's question as a good one because   _  .", "Accepting the injustices of life will   _  .", "From the passage, we can learn that the author's attitude to life is   _  ."], "article": "A friend of mine, in response to a conversation we were having about the injustices of life, asked me the question: \"Who said life was going to be fair, or that it was even meant to be fair?\" Her question was a good one. It reminded me of something I was taught as a youngster-life isn't fair. One of the mistakes many of us make is that we feel sorry for ourselves or for others, thinking that life should be fair or that someday it will be. It's not and it won't.\nOne of the nice things about accepting the fact that life isn't fair is that it keeps us from feeling sorry for ourselves by encouraging us to do the very best we can with what we have. Accepting this fact also keeps us from feeling sorry for others because we are reminded that everyone is dealt a different hand; everyone has unique strengths and problems in the process of growing up, facing the reality and making decisions, and everyone has those times that they feel wounded or unfairly treated.\nThe fact that life isn't fair doesn't mean we shouldn't do everything in our power to improve our own lives or the world as a whole. On the contrary, it suggests that we should. When we don't recognize or admit life isn't fair, we tend to feel pity for others and for ourselves, a self-defeating emotion that does nothing except make everyone feel worse. When we do recognize life isn't fair, however, we feel sympathy for others and for ourselves. And sympathy is a heartfelt emotion that delivers loving kindness to everyone it touches. The next time you find yourself thinking about the injustices of the world, try reminding yourself of  _ . You may be surprised that it can push you out of self-pity and into helpful action.", "id": "high23584.txt"}