{"answers": ["D", "C", "D"], "options": [["make mistakes about the youth.", "complains too much about her childhood", "receive good education at school", "led an unhappy life when she was a child"], ["to speak to the elders loudly", "to learn dancing", "to be present quietly", "to stay still and study and be themselves"], ["Granny's life story in he past", "Granny's complaints about the children", "women's life in different times", "children in the past and at present"]], "questions": ["The writer thinks that her grandmother   _  .", "When Granny was young , children were expected   _  .", "This passage is mainly about   _  ."], "article": "I'm beginning to think whether my grandmother was right when she complains, as she frequently does, that children nowadays aren't as well-behaved as they used to be. She recounts in detail how she used to be told to respect her elders and betters. She was taught to speak when she went out on her own, she was reminded to say please and thank you. Children in her days, she continues, were expected to be seen and not heard , but these days you are lucky if you ever hear parents telling their children to mind her manners. \nIf you give her the chance she then takes out of her writing desk the old photograph album which she keeps there, and which she never tires of displaying. Of course when you look at pictures of her parents you feel sure that , with a father as strict looking as that , you too would have been \"seen and not heard\". Besides him sits his wife , with their children around her, Granny and her elder brothers. It always occurs to me that perhaps those long, stiff, black clothes were so burdensome to a little girl that she hadn't enough breath left to be talkative, let alone mischievous . It must have been a dull and lonely life too, for she stayed mainly at home during her childhood, while her brothers were sent to school from an early age. \nHowever, my childhood was much freer than Granny's. I went to school with my brother. I played football with him and his friends . We all spoke a common language , and we got up to the same mischief. I would have dies if I had to stay indoors , wearing tight , stiff clothes.", "id": "high23580.txt"}