{"answers": ["C", "D", "D"], "options": [["wore neat clothes all the time", "was taller than any other one in his class", "lost all of his friends after his mother's death", "could always have his father for company at home"], ["was new and never used before", "was presented on Mother's Day", "made Bob a different student", "showed Bob was grateful for Ms Miller"], ["A teacher could change a student's life.", "Family is the most important place for kids.", "Children don't have to solve problems by themselves.", "One should have sympathy for another's suffering and offer help."]], "questions": ["According to the text,Bob  _", "The bottle of perfume given to Ms Miller  _  .", "What does the author want to convev to us?"], "article": "It had been three months since Ms Miller had started teaching. She was gradually being able to understand all her students,except one,Bob. Bob was the only boy who came to school dressed untidily and sat in the class completely lost in his own world. His performance had been  _ steadily with every single day.\n    Ms Miller searched through the progress reports of Bob and was shocked to see Bob used to be the topper in his class. Bob's performance began to slowly decline when his mother fell ill.He was doing badly in each and every subject when his mother died leaving him alone with his father,who was a businessman and had to travel always. Apart from his performance worsening gradually,Bob's nature too began to change. He had forgotten to laugh and showed no interest in any activity. All his friends had abandoned him.\n    One day,Bob was asked to stay back. Ms Miller asked him if he had any problem understanding his lessons. Gradually she began to give him a comfort zone so that he could talk and share. After three weeks,she found Bob gradually improving. He was being able to answer the questions he previously failed, Every day after all the students went away,Ms Miller gave personal attention to Bob and began to spend time with him. Bob improved a lot over the next semester,showing definite signs of progress in his performance.\n     On a Friday,Bob came up to Ms Miller,handed her a box and requested her to open the box on Sunday. Sunday moming,curious,she opened it and saw a bottle of perfume,half filled. Together with it was a small letter,saying that this bottle of perfume used to be his mother's and he wished Ms Miller to wear it so that every time she was around,he could feel his Mom near him. He thanked her for everything. Ms Miller took the bottle of perfume in her hand and saw a new tag attached to it; it said \"Happy Mother's Day\" !\n    Ms Miller suddenly realized that it was not she who had made a difference to Bob's life but it was Bob who made her realize what true humanity is !", "id": "high23590.txt"}