{"answers": ["A", "B", "C", "D", "C"], "options": [["it's better to be pear-shaped than apple-shaped", "it's better to be apple-shaped than pear-shaped", "apple-shaped fat people have fewer problems than pear-shaped people", "fatness is the most dangerous enemy to health"], ["the amount of fat they have", "the place where they have the fat", "the amount of the outside fat they have", "which type of the fat people they belong to"], ["either an apple-shaped person or a pear-shaped person", "neither a pear-shaped person nor an apple-shaped person", "a pear-shaped person", "an apple-shaped person"], ["they take very little exercise every day", "they eat too much", "they are examined by X-ray scanners quite often", "they have much more inside fat"], ["to reduce the amount of food and drinks", "to make the body shape smaller", "still to be found", "already known to those people in trouble."]], "questions": ["According to the relation between health and fatness", "The most important thing about fat people seems to be", "If you are fatter below your hip   you are", "The basic reason why some people suffer from obesity is that", "Accordiring to what is mentioned, the best treatment for obesity at present is   _"], "article": "Fat on human body is distributed   in two different ways. Some fat people have a large chest and no waistline  , looking rather like apples. Others are fatter below the waist,  looking more like pears.\n      Doctors in Cambridge, England have been examining the relationship between health and fat  distribution. They find that the pear-shaped fat people have fewer problems than the apple-shaped  people. What seems to be most important is not just how much fat you have but where you have it. The doctors measured the apple-shaped women and pear-shaped women and examined them  with X-ray scanners (X). Human beings have two types of fat, one is outside fat that is the fat below the skin and the other is inside fat that lies inside the body. Using the X-ray scanners, the doctors found that the \"apples\" have a large amount of inside fat. If this inside fat is  much more than outside fat, it will probably cause health problems such as obesity  . The best treatment for obesity is to reduce the inside fat. But unfortunately diet treatment  simply makes an apple-shaped person into a smaller apple and a pear-shaped person into a smaller pear. At the moment there is no effective way of reducing the inside fat.", "id": "high23610.txt"}