{"answers": ["B", "A", "A"], "options": [["her hairstyle was out of fashion", "her appearance looked much too mature", "her way of dressing was against the tradition", "physical beauty wasn't thought to be important"], ["is one of the world's largest toy companies", "is the director of an American toy company", "was the woman who originally created Barbie", "was a salesman who was good at selling Barbie dolls"], ["pay too much attention to their physical beauty", "neglect their schoolwork and inner beauty", "prefer physical beauty to inner beauty", "waste too much time and money on clothes"]], "questions": ["The first Barbie doll might not be popular among little girls because   _  .", "From the passage we know that Mattel   _  .", "Barbie dolls are criticized partly because they make girls   _  ."], "article": "The Barbie doll first appeared at the toy fair in New York in 1959. Its creator was Ruth Handler, an American businesswoman. She and her husband Elliott along with Harold Matt Matson started the toy company Mattel. She based the design of the new doll on a German doll named Bild Lilli and named her after their daughter Barbara.\nThe first Barbie wore a black and white swimsuit and had her hair in a ponytail . She looked very grown-up. But any concerns that parents would not want to buy it for little girls were soon proved wrong.\nMattel sold 300,000 Barbie dolls in the first year at a price of three dollars. Today, a fifty-year-old Barbie in good condition might cost more than 27,000 dollars.\nBarbie dolls have represented 50 different nationalities and are sold in 150 countries. Mattel says 90% of girls in the United States between the ages of three and ten own at least one Barbie doll. It says girls between the ages of three and six own an average of about 12.\nBarbie also faced her share of critics. A well-known example was when women's education groups objected to a talking Barbie doll that declared, among other things, \"Math class is tough!\" Mattel agreed to change it. Saudi Arabia has banned Barbie dolls. And a lawmaker in the American state of West Virginia would like to do the same. Last month, he proposed banning sales of Barbie and other dolls that influence girls to put too much importance on physical beauty.\nSome people say Barbie is an unhealthy role model for young girls. Robin Gerber disagrees. She wrote a book about Barbie. She points out dolls like scientist Barbie and race car driver Barbie. She says people who criticize Barbie should tell girls the story of the businesswoman who created her. She says Ruth Handler wanted the dolls to help girls think about what they wanted to do with their lives.", "id": "high23620.txt"}