{"answers": ["C", "C", "D", "A"], "options": [["A lot of energy.", "Training from a good coach.", "Confidence in oneself.", "Concentration on contestants."], ["dream of being accepted by it every night", "work tirelessly and make unimaginable sacrifices", "write down its name where you'll see it every day", "prepare and practice day and night"], ["have many goals", "is very generous", "wins every spelling bee", "does not appear proud"], ["What needed to be a winner.", "How to practice if you want to win.", "The importance of learning from others.", "The importance of the skills necessary for winning."]], "questions": ["What is the most important thing to have in preparation for a contest, according to the passage?", "According to the passage, if you want to be admitted to a famous university, you should   _  .", "A true winner   _  .", "What's the passage mainly about?"], "article": "It seems that the key to winning any contest is in the belief that you can win. This belief is what inspires one to do one's best. If we have this belief, we work tirelessly to accomplish our goals, and make whatever sacrifices which are necessary. Whether it's a hot-dog eating contest or a spelling bee, the winners have not just been the ones with the most skills, but those with the greatest desire to win. Much can be said for positive thinking. An entire movement is based on the idea that if you visualize  your goals on a daily basis, you will accomplish them, no matter how difficult they may seem. Most life coaches recommend writing down a list of all of your goals on a poster, and then displaying it where you'll see it every day. This way these goals will become so much a part of your life that you will find yourself driven to accomplish every one of them. The same strategy applies to winning any contest.\nPractice is, of course, also part of winning. If you're not devoted enough to practice, then you have no hope anyway. Don't take the other contestants for granted. They're working just as hard as you are, and you have to keep practicing all the way up to the moment of competition if you really want to win.\nFinally, show grace in victory. Always be generous in your praise of the other contestants. The positive energy of their good will toward you will carry you to countless additional victories. Be proud in you heart that you worked so hard to accomplish your goals, and that you deserve the reward you've just gotten, but accept the reward with a modest and gracious manner.", "id": "high23626.txt"}