{"answers": ["D", "C", "A"], "options": [["badly ill", "very dangerous", "dead", "badly wounded"], ["Ishanga is eager to leave the community after recovering", "the anti-poaching team shot the lion and saved Ishanga", "it will probably take Ishanga a long time to return to the nature", "a year later, Ishanga still didn't adapt to living in the orphanage"], ["the rescue of a baby elephant", "the importance of animal protection", "a brief introduction to the elephant orphanage", "a story about poachers and an anti-poaching team"]], "questions": ["When the baby elephant was saved by the team, she was  _  .", "According to the passage, we can know that  _  .", "The passage is mainly about   _  ."], "article": "The baby elephant Ishanga was lying in the bushes, scared, starving, and struggling to breathe. Until just a few days before, she had been with her mother, walking through the sweeping grasslands of Tsavo National Park in the African country of Kenya.\nThe baby's mother was killed, most likely by a poacher. On Wednesday, November 17,2010, an anti-poaching team was removing the deadly wire traps that poachers set throughout the park. Luckily, a member of the team spotted the baby and rushed to help her.\nSuddenly, a lion sprang from the bushes and clamped its mouth around her neck. One person managed to pull out his gun and fire shots in the air. The shocked lion released the baby and backed away.\nNow the weakened baby had a grave wound on her neck. About 300 miles north of Tsavo is a place that helps baby elephants. Over the years, the orphanage has raised 130 elephants and successfully released them back into the wild.\nAfter a tense wait and a plane ride, the baby's rescuers made it to the orphanage. The medical staff worked frantically to treat her wound. She was scared and wild. She screamed, and wouldn't let any humans get near her, refusing to eat or drink.\nAfter two hours of intense medical care, Ishanga awoke and slowly struggled to her feet. Two keepers and a veterinarian had been with her all night. They were relieved that she seemed to be recovering.\nThe next day, though Ishanga remained weak, her keepers introduced her to some of the other 14 young elephants living at the orphanage. The keepers stood back as the other elephants extended their trunk in friendly greetings. The older elephants led Ishanga around, giving her a tour of her new home.\nOver the past year, Ishanga's wounds have healed. She has made many friends. It'll be up to Ishanga to decide when she's ready to leave the orphanage. Returning to the wild is a long process that can take more than 10 years. For now, she is in no rush to leave this extraordinary community of elephants and humans. Ishanga has a long, happy life ahead of her.", "id": "high23627.txt"}