{"answers": ["B", "A", "C", "C", "D"], "options": [["different means of transportation of the United States", "possible solutions to solving American traffic problems", "causes of the serious traffic problems in America", "some new laws about American public transportation"], ["Too many private cars.", "Time wasting.", "Serious air pollution.", "Traffic jams."], ["there is a lack of public transportation", "the city is big with a large population", "most people like to get around by car", "many people like to travel there for shopping"], ["people should avoid driving to work and home", "more roads should be built for the increasing private cars", "people should be charged on the most crowded roads during rush hour", "more special lanes on the freeways should be marked out for private cars"], ["more cars would be reduced and more roads would be built", "it would be easier but slower to take buses than to drive cars", "many people would prefer to walk around rather than drive cars", "the roads and public transportation system would be greatly improved"]], "questions": ["The passage mainly discusses   _  .", "Which is NOT the effect caused by the heavy traffic?", "The reason why Los Angeles has some of the worst traffic problems is that   _  .", "One of the ways the experts suggest is that   _  .", "According to the passage, if the solutions were carried out,   _"], "article": "The United States is faced with serious traffic problems. Too many cars travel on the freeways to and from the city. This heavy traffic causes delays and lots of pollution from cars that are using their engines but not moving anywhere. Many cars going nowhere is called a \"traffic jam.\"\nWhile many cities in the United States have traffic problems, some of the worst are in Los Angeles, California. Los Angeles is a big city with a large downtown area. One of the reasons why there is so much traffic is that few people use public transportation to get around\nExperts say one possible solution to the traffic problem in Los Angeles would be to make\npeople want to use the public transportation system of buses instead of their own cars. People say the buses should be made easier, faster, less costly and more dependable than driving a car.\nOne suggestion is to reduce the cost of riding the bus. People who usually drive their cars could save a lot of money on gas and parking costs. Also, Los Angeles could make the buses easier for people to use. The buses could travel to more places in the city. And there could be more special lanes on the freeways that only buses could drive in. These changes would make taking the bus faster and easier than driving a car.\nOther experts have said that the best way to ease traffic problems is to charge people money to drive on the freeways. These charges, or tolls, would be for the most crowded roads. The tolls would be in effect during the times of day when most people drive to work and home again. These times in the morning and late afternoon are called \"rush hour\". People would try to avoid driving on these roads, which would decrease the amount of traffic. Also ,the money collected from these tolls could be used to improve the roads and public transportation system.", "id": "high23628.txt"}