{"answers": ["B", "D", "A", "C", "B"], "options": [["he was easy to get sick", "he wanted to be like a cowboy", "he hoped to be respected by cowboys", "he didn't want his mother to worry about him"], ["Doubtful.", "Surprised.", "Regretful.", "Overjoyed."], ["he understood his mistake", "his father didn't scold him", "his father was not hurt after all", "he didn't expect to get another bb gun"], ["forgot how to use it", "was excited to use it", "felt thankful for his father", "had lost interest in cowboys"], ["A New BB Gun", "A Father's forgiveness", "A Cowboy's Experience", "The Mistake of a Naughty Boy"]], "questions": ["The author wore a thick blue sweater because   _   .", "How did the author feel when he received the first bb gun?", "The author didn't cry because   _   .", "After Dad bought him another bb gun, the author   _  .", "What might be the most suitable title for the passage?"], "article": "When I was a boy I always wanted to be a cowboy. I remember my Mom worrying about me getting sick from the heat in the summer, because I wore a thick blue sweater all the time. No respectable cowboy, however, would wear short sleeves so I sweated while I played.\nOne day my parents gave me a bb gun. It looked just like a gun that all the cowboys used in the movies. I spent hours each day during those summer months shooting at stumps and pretending to be John Wayne (film actor who played tough heroes). As I was coming into the house one afternoon, though, I tried it one time too many. The gun that I thought was empty let out a soft pop and a bullet flew across the room and parted the hair of my Dad who was asleep on the couch. My Dad took one look at the bb hole a half inch above his head, walked over to me, took my gun, walked outside, and calmly broke it in half.\nI didn't cry too much over this. I knew how close I had come to hurting my Dad with my stupidity. I didn't expect to ever get another bb gun either. That is why I was so surprised when my Dad bought me another one the next year. I guess he thought I had wised up enough to know how to use it this time. I never put a single bb in the new gun, but in my imagination John Wayne rode again.\nI eventually outgrew my cowboy stage, but I never did outgrow my appreciation for my Father's forgiveness. He showed me that even when I messed up in the worse way I was still loved. He gave me another chance and let me know that I was forgiven whether I deserved it or not. He shared with me some of the unconditional love and forgiveness. May we always embrace and share that love and forgiveness as well.", "id": "high23629.txt"}