{"answers": ["B", "C", "B", "B"], "options": [["The city's twisting streets make it hard for the rider to find the way.", "Cars, taxis and motorbikes on the cycle lane pose a threat to cyclists.", "With the flat land and wide cycle lanes, it's safer to cycle in Beijing than in London.", "Cycling in Bejing is safe because of its flexible rules."], ["In the author's view, Beijing drivers drive more safely.", "In London, cars, taxis and motorbikes are allowed to use the cycle paths.", "People in London follow the traffic rules more closely than those in Beijing.", "Mandy breaks down so easily that it makes the author miss her London bike Mabel."], ["the cycle ways are fiat", "they care little about cyclists", "they can even drive on the cycle ways", "people in Beijing don't often ride bikes"], ["To tell us what makes the author love cycling.", "To compare cycling in Beijing with that in London.", "To introduce the differences between Mabel and Mandy.", "To explain why Beijing is made for cycling."]], "questions": ["What does the author think of cycling around Beijing?", "What can we infer from the article?", "The reason why drivers in Beijing seldom get angry is that  _  .", "What does the article mainly talk about?"], "article": "Taxi, the underground, driving...in London these means of transport are expensive. As a student on a budget, I couldn't afford the 30 pounds (around 300 yuan) fare for a taxi. Even a bus was one pound and 20 pence (about 12 yuan) for a single ticket. I didn't need to travel this way anyway. I had Mabel-- my London bike.\n     When I moved to Beijing, like every foreigner, I was delighted to discover I could take a cab for cheaper than a single journey on the subway. But something was wrong. I missed Mabel. That was when I met Mandarin Mabel also known as Mandy, my Beijing bike.\n      In many ways, Beijing is made for: It is a flat, easy land compared with hilly London. The cycling city's north/south/east/west square structure is also easier to travel than London's unplanned, twisting streets.\n     However, Beijing comes completely with its own dangers. The rules of the road are\nflexible. Bikes, cars, passers-by all float up and down ways in both directions.\n     Compared with London's terrible cycle paths, in Beijing, every road has huge, wide cycle ways. But cars, taxis and motorbikes see no reason why they shouldn't use the cycle ways as a shortcut, and why they shouldn't announce you to get out of their way when they do.\n      Beijing traffic is more good-natured. In London, the road is an active war. People shout, quarrel and beat on each other's windows. In Beijing zone, drivers never get actively angry. In fact, often they ignore cyclists. Obviously that means it's up to the cyclists to see them.\n     Mandy is a tree Beijing bike. It is nearly broken, it makes loud noises every time you ride on it, and I have had to make several emergency repair stops for it.\n     But cycling round Beijing on a sunny day is a joy. It is just me, Mandy and the city.", "id": "high23632.txt"}