{"answers": ["A", "B", "C"], "options": [["You are used to your old environment.", "Your teachers don't want you to change school.", "It is never easy to get permission of the authority.", "It is difficult to make new friends in a new school."], ["listen to your teacher", "try to be yourself", "change your personality", "forget your old friends"], ["Giving advice on how to move to a new school.", "Giving advice on how to learn well in a new school.", "Giving advice on how to fit in at your new school.", "Giving advice on how to make friends in a new school."]], "questions": ["Why does the author think moving schools difficult?", "After moving to a new school, you should   _   .", "What is the author's purpose in writing the passage?"], "article": "It's never easy moving schools. You're settled in the school you're in, you have your friends and you know your teachers and you just don't want the change. But unfortunately sometimes it is necessary to move schools and start again. Once you've started at the new school there are little tips and tricks you could try to help you fit in and make new friends easily.\nWhen you start at a new school you may be nervous and be keen to make new friends as soon as possible. You may feel like you need to make friends by changing who you are. If you want to make friends quickly you may feel like to fit in your need to alter your personality. This is not a good idea. Changing who you are for other people will only make you feel insecure and pressured. Be yourself, you don't need to change and you soon enough will find friends who like you for what you are. \nWhen you move to a new school in a new area you may want to keep in touch with friends from your last school and, depending on how far you now live from the old school, you usually can. But that doesn't mean you should avoid making friends at your new school. If you are invited to another pupil's house for tea, take up the offer. You may prefer to go out with your old friends but by getting involved with other pupils you'll find yourself making friends much more easily. \nThe teachers at your new school will be happy to help you settle in. If you are having any trouble fitting in or even if you just want to talk to someone who understands, have a word with your teacher. He or she will be happy to listen to you. If you are having trouble with another class member and you don't know what to do about it, talk with your teacher. Your teacher is there to help so be sure to confide in him or her whenever you need to.\nMoving to a new school in an unfamiliar area can be hard. You'll be keen to fit in but don't worry too much. Before long you'll have made lots of friends and you'll be having fun again.", "id": "high23630.txt"}