{"answers": ["C", "A", "C"], "options": [["There is a positive relationship between introversion and leadership.", "The more introverted leaders in a team are,the more admired they will be.", "Good interpersonal skills play a key role in making people effective leaders.", "Political leaders are more likely to be extroverts than introverts."], ["To indicate the importance of developing people skills.", "To show the advantages of being introverted people.", "To tell readers how to become a prototypical leader.", "To suggest the uniqueness of being political leaders."], ["compare the differences of introversion and extroversion", "encourage its readers to be more introverted", "argue that introverts can also be good leaders", "inform readers how to become a good leader"]], "questions": ["What can we infer from the passage?", "Why does the author mention the U.S. presidential election campaign?", "The author writes the passage mainly to   _  ."], "article": "Are extraverts really better leaders? Can an introvert be a good leader?\nResearch has shown a consistent positive relationship between extraversion and leadership. In groups of strangers,such as a jury , extraversion predicts who will be selected foreperson of the jury. It's actually likely to be the person who talks the most,and that person is probably an extravert. So, extraverts are more likely to be chosen for leadership positions  (what we call leader \"emergence\").\nThere is also a positive relationship (although a weaker one) between extraversion and leader effectiveness, particularly evaluated effectiveness of leaders. So it appears that extraverts have _ an _ edge, _ but does this mean that introverts can't be good leaders?  Of course not !\nMany successful leaders are introverted, for example Abraham Lincoln, Gandhi, and in business, Bill Gates and Warren Buffett. One of the best company presidents that I've known was easily the most introverted person among his executive team, but he was very successful and his colleagues admired his \"quiet reserve and confidence\". So what is the critical factor that both extraverts and introverts need to emerge as a leader and to be effective?\nOur research has  suggested that the key element is good interpersonal, or social, skills. In one study,we looked at the relationship of extraversion to leadership emergence and effectiveness and found that the advantage that extraverts had disappeared when we put social skills into the equation . In other words,only extraverts who possessed social skills were effective leaders. Good interpersonal skills are critical whether the leader is an extravert or an introvert.\nIn addition,we know that we are more likely to choose leaders who look like their prototypes of leaders--they speak well, interact well with others, and just look \"leader-like\".  Extraverts just naturally look more like a prototypical  leader, particularly political  leaders, than  do  introverts. Think of the U.S. presidential  campaign where presidential hopefuls were evaluated for how much each looked like he or she could be the Commander-in-Chief.\nThe key to leadership success then is to develop the people skills needed to look like a leader, but to also develop the good leader-follower relationships that are necessary for success. If you possess these skills,introversion and extraversion don't matter very much.", "id": "high23649.txt"}