{"answers": ["A", "D", "D"], "options": [["old friends can be found on the Web", "sites devoted to helping students are difficult to find", "an online dictionary is expensive for students to use", "products on the Web are cheaper than those in a store"], ["looking for a movie", "finding a restaurant", "doing the shopping", "getting a newspaper"], ["The Web is making our life color1ful.", "The network speed is fast now.", "Most of us depend on the Web.", "The Web is making our life convenient."]], "questions": ["We can learn from the passage that   _  .", "The following are mentioned in the passage showing that the Web brings convenience EXCEPT for   _  .", "What is the main idea of the passage?"], "article": "Almost every person uses the Web for something nowadays. This is a good idea since it is useful for so many different things. When you consider its speed and convenience, you will understand that there isn't any reason to use any other means to complete everyday jobs.\n    Just consider the convenience factor when you need quick simple information. Looking for a movie can take just minutes by jumping online as opposed to going and getting a newspaper and then hoping it has the theater that interests you. It is also a great way to find a restaurant for the evening. From the online yellow pages to the various websites of different eateries , there are many different choices of spots to gather information. Find old friends from school by joining in one of the endless groups that have been created to put people together.\n    Information is just so easy to get when you are using the Web. Find out how to build a pond yourself in your own backyard or garden by a quick search. Then shop for materials and fish as well. Shopping on the Internet also saves time and we can select a better product without having to travel a long distance. Using the Internet, shoppers can go through the product's prices from various stores while sitting in one place.\n    Studying for school of any kind is easier when you can use the Web to find information. Now you can search an online dictionary that anyone can use at no cost. Doing research is easy, since there are lots of sites devoted to helping students of any type get their work completed.\n    Businesses also have a huge existence on the Web. A company might only have a simple website to give directions and its location. There are many of us who now depend on the Web. If a business does not have some type of website, then it will not be found by those who search the Web for local businesses.", "id": "high23652.txt"}