{"answers": ["C", "B", "A", "D", "B"], "options": [["how to be accepted by society", "to be given enough love and care", "to learn how to give others love and care", "how to be taught to believe in others"], ["That the kids might not bring back animals on time.", "That the kids could escape without being watched by the teacher.", "That the writer couldn't accompany the kids to the forest.", "That dogs might not follow the kids' instructions."], ["By controlling their tempers and learning to be cooperative.", "By escaping from the group home.", "By begging to volunteer at the shelter.", "By trusting and respecting their teacher."], ["Because the dogs needed them.", "Because they loved the group home.", "Because they would be punished", "Because they were trusted and respected by their teacher."], ["kids were free to do any actives they liked in the group home", "the feeling of being needed helped these troubled kids change a lot", "few people cared for the animals in the local animal shelter", "few measures had been taken to help those \" throwaway\" kids"]], "questions": ["In the writer's opinion, the most helpful thing for these troubled kids was   _  .", "What made walking dogs in the wooded area risky?", "How did the kids get their teacher's permission to walk the animals?", "Why didn't the kids escape when walking the dogs?", "From the passage, we can learn that   _  ."], "article": "Several years ago, I taught teenagers with feeling troubles in a group home. These very tough kids often came directly from prison to my classroom. They often wanted to escape from the group home. They were society's \"throwaway\" kids--youngsters without families to love and care for them. They desperately needed to receive love.\nThen I found one thing more important for them. So, when a friend suggested an idea, I thought it would be a great program for my students. The plan was simple. We arranged that every Wednesday morning, I'd bring over my little crew, and they were supposed to clean the runs, wash dog and cat bowls, and feed the animals at our local animal shelter.\nThen came the risky part of the program. After doing their chores, the youngsters would earn the freedom to walk one of the dogs in the wooded area behind the shelter, where I couldn't even see them.\nWe began the project. Each week, I carefully went over the list of students who had met the requirements. All that week, students worked hard to control their tempers and be cooperative. I emphasized how much the animals needed their love and care. As they served the animals, the youngsters were transforming before our eyes. Never before had they been considered contributing members of society. Yet now these kids begged to volunteer at the shelter.\nAs we had planned, my students walked the dogs, unwatched, in the woods for up to half an hour. I impressed on each of them my trust and respect that they'd bring back the animal in their care safely and on time.\nRemarkably, I never lost a student or an animal.\nThe world might not have needed or might have forgotten about my kids, but the animals didn't. these shining animals showed some very needy kids the way back home from heartbreak and abuse.", "id": "high23679.txt"}