{"answers": ["A", "C"], "options": [["The Harmful Effects of Smoking", "People Around the World Continue to Smoke", "Smoking is the Leading Cause of Lung Diseases", "Smoking Affects the Health of people Who Don't Smoke"], ["Smoking tobacco is the leading cause of lung disease.", "Smoking also has been linked to heart disease, stroke and many kinds of cancers.", "Smoker may not harm the health of family members", "Smoking tobacco is bad for your health, However, people around the world continue to smoke"]], "questions": ["What would be the best title for the passage?", "Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?"], "article": "For many years, scientists have warned that smoking tobacco is bad for your health. Yet people around the world still smoke. The World Health Organization tells that almost 5,000,000 people around die each year from the effects of smoking. That number is increasing. WHO officials say tobacco use will have killed more than 8,000,000 people a year by 2020 if nothing is done to control the problem.\nIn the United States, more than forty-sixty million adults currently smoke. American health experts say tobacco use is the leading cause of death in the United States. This year, 440,000 Americans will die of diseases linked to smoking.\nSmoking tobacco is the leading cause of lung disease. Smoking also has been linked to heart disease and many kinds of cancers. The American Cancer Society says smoking is responsible for about 87% of all lung cancers in the United States.\nAmerican government health experts say smoking affects not only the smokers. Women who smoke cigarettes during pregnancy are more likely to have babies with health problems. Pregnant women who smoke are at risk of having a baby who weighs less than normal. Low birth weight babies have an increased risk of early death and may suffer from a number of health disorders.\nExperts say tobacco smoke also affects the health of people who do not smoke. Smokers may harm the health of family members and people at work when they breathe out smoke from cigarettes. This is called \"second-hand smoke\".\nThe American Cancer Society says there is no safe way to smoke. It says smoking begins to cause damage immediately. All cigarettes can damage the body. Smoking even a small number of cigarettes is dangerous.", "id": "high23676.txt"}