{"answers": ["A", "B"], "options": [["To offer students chances to apply their learning to practice.", "To strengthen students' writing and speaking abilities.", "To encourage students to carry on scientific research.", "To help students find some part-time jobs."], ["Give a performance.", "Make a formal speech.", "Introduce some video aids.", "Report the details of the process."]], "questions": ["What is the main purpose of the project?", "What must the students do when they present their final project?"], "article": "What is the senior project?  \nThe Senior Project at Clark Magnet High School is a program that shows a senior's ability to apply knowledge and skills, speak, write, solve problems and practice the life skills of time management, organization and risk-taking. Clark teaching staff, community members and school district staff act as advisers, evaluators during the research, project and presentation stages. \nThe key parts of the Senior Project are:\n1) A research paper \nA six to eight page persuasive research paper on a topic chosen by the students. The research paper strengthens effective writing skills learned in English class. Because the paper is persuasive, students should choose a topic about which they have a strong opinion. They should use elements learned when debating to convince the readers of the strong opinion stated in the paper, and prove it through research.  \n2) A physical product and fieldwork \nA physical product and fieldwork (15-hour minimum requirement) related to some aspect of the paper. The 15 hours can be obtained through community service, job shadowing, or making an actual project. Students explore topics that are academic in nature, a hobby, a passion, or a possible future career.  \n3) Data collection\nData collection that combines the first two parts and records hours spent on the fieldwork. The collection contains evidence of the fieldwork presented through letters from the students' advisors, pictures showing the process of the project or anything else that would show proof of the work completed.   \n4) Speech presentation\nA fifteen minute speech presented before a review board composed of school staff, district representatives, former students, and community representatives. The speech is a chance to show the students' senior project. Students are to dress professionally and summarize their senior project journey. Students will talk briefly about their research paper, their project, and what they learned. The speech should include visual aids. If the presentation includes performing, the students must speak for at least five minutes. \nThe Senior Project is a vehicle that allows students to use the knowledge and skills they have acquired in a \"real-world\" application. It has the potential to motivate the students, connect the school with the community, and create pathways from school to career.", "id": "high23670.txt"}