{"answers": ["C", "C", "D", "B"], "options": [["They live in the Atlantic Ocean.", "They are highly thought of.", "They are very smart whales.", "They are the smallest in number."], ["there'll be 210 belugas in the world", "259 belugas in all will be kept in aquariums", "there will be 49 belugas kept in aquariums in the U.S.", "18 belugas will be caught by Russians"], ["the request should be refused without consideration", "animals cannot be brought into the U.S and put on display", "animals can only be caught if they were hurt", "animals cannot be caught for commercial purposes"], ["they think whales belong not only to the ocean", "they think these belugas kept are just for entertainment", "they think it necessary to keep these belugas in aquarium", "they think it necessary to put these whales on display"]], "questions": ["What can we learn about belugas?", "If the Georgia Aquarium's request is allowed,   _  .", "According to Marine Mammal Protection Act,   _  .", "Many scientists are against the request because   _  ."], "article": "In the Arctic Ocean waters live the social animals---belugas, which is also known as white whales. Highly intelligent, these whales use different sounds to communicate and find their way. Belugas are also among the smallest kinds of whales.\nMore than 210 belugas, including 31 in the United States, live in aquariums   around the world. The Georgia Aquarium has asked for permission to bring 18 more belugas into the U.S. The whales were caught off the coast of Russia. The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) is considering the aquarium's request thoroughly. A law called the Marine Mammal Protection Act (MMPA) says the animals can only be brought into the country and put on display if they are caught without being hurt and there is an educational reason for doing so.\nGeorgia Aquarium officials say the 18 belugas will help people learn more about the species and allow scientists to better understand how to protect it. The aquarium would also breed the whales so the U.S. aquariums can continue to display them. \"When we can study and observe, we gain a better understanding of their biology and diseases that affect them, and learn how to aid populations in their natural habitats,\" says William Hurley, Georgia Aquarium's chief officer. \"Much of this research would be impossible in the remote locations and extreme climates where the animals live.\" The Georgia Aquarium would own the 18 belugas and would rent some to aquariums across the country.\nMeanwhile, many scientists, including Lori Marino, a whale expert, feel strongly that the whales belong in the ocean, not in tanks. These scientists say the whales are being used for entertainment and not for education, and having them in aquariums is not necessary for the species to survive. Marino said, \"Not only is it unfair to the belugas but there is no educational value in putting these whales on display.\"", "id": "high23674.txt"}