{"answers": ["B", "A", "D", "C", "C"], "options": [["To tell us how to communicate with family.", "To introduce the topic of this passage.", "To inform us that people often ignore cultural diversity.", "To show us how important it is to learn English."], ["It is a software used for translation.", "It's a website designed for communication.", "It's a program intended to help language beginners.", "It's a document downloaded personally."], ["you should pay to download the program", "you need to send the text to the program directly", "you must change the text into a format you need", "you just need to highlight the part that wants translating"], ["Babylon is just as practical as any other software.", "Babylon can translate all the languages in the world.", "Former translation software was not perfect in use.", "One should use Babylon to surf a news site or webpage."], ["Students learning their languages.", "A man working as a secretary.", "A company doing international trades.", "People who often chat on line."]], "questions": ["Why does the writer mention James and Eric at the beginning of the passage?", "What is the main function of Babylon?", "While using Babylon,   _  .", "What can we learn from the passage?", "Which of the following is more likely to use Babylon?"], "article": "James lives in Hawaii and his mother lives in Korea. James speaks English (he never learned Korean), and his mom only speaks Korean. They communicate perfectly. \nEric is from Honduras, but he lives in the U.S. Eric just started learning English and speaks very little. But, everyday Eric reads the latest local US news on the Web, with no problem.\nWhat these people (and close to 60 million others around the world) share is a remarkable, free software program called Babylon.\nBabylon may well be the most advanced translation software in the world, and it's a must-have for anyone whose life goes beyond the borders of their own language or those who want it to.\nOnce you download it, you can simply highlight   the part in practically any format, and it's instantly translated into the language of your choice. You can use it to translate a website, email, word doc, pdf, and actually any document in any format you can think of.\nYou can write a document in your native language, and Babylon will instantly translate it into another before you send it.\nThe program translates 75 languages, including Spanish, Chinese, Arabic, Indian, and Russian. It also includes up-to-date encyclopedias  , dictionaries, and spell checkers.\nBabylon is a long way from early translation software that would, more often than not, make an unreadable text with grammar errors that was better suited for making laughs than comprehension. Babylon's ability to understand and translate is perfect. In fact, businesses are adopting Babylon as the standard when it comes to translating commercial communications and other important documents.\nBabylon is also a great tool for people who are learning another language. Use it anytime you come across a word or passage you don't understand. \nWhat users enjoy most is the program's ability to open up a different world to them. Whether it's surfing a news site in a different country, or being able to properly communicate with a family member or friend overseas, Babylon can make it happen.\nBest of all, Babylon is free! To get your free copy, visit Babylon.com.", "id": "high23673.txt"}