{"answers": ["D", "C", "A"], "options": [["Your interest in your success.", "The effort your teacher makes.", "Opportunity or luck that you have.", "Your emotional relationship with your parents."], ["He was good at Latin and maths.", "He used to write letters to encourage me.", "He paid much attention to my school marks.", "He paid little attention to my sisters' school reports."], ["How my father respect me", "How to enjoy learning something", "Relationship with your parents", "A success or a failure"]], "questions": ["According to the writer, which of the following influences your school performance most?", "Which of the following statements is NOT true about \"my father\"?", "Which of the following can be the best title of this newspaper story?"], "article": "Your particular relationships with your parents, not God or genes, determines your academic performance. In my case, it was my father who made the difference.\n     I had three sisters and my father never showed much interest in their success. He took no notice of the school reports of one of them. They all made it to university. But this was largely because of my mother's encouragement. However badly I did, and it was usually very bad, he always told me I was clever and that I could do well.\n    When I was eight and remained at the bottom of my class, he tried to coach me in Latin and maths. His main goal was to show me that, if I could make myself concentrate on the dull tasks, I could do them.\n    He chose the head of my house at public school with great care. He found a man who made a huge effort to teach _ with which he started when I was 13. Together, they convinced me to take exams seriously. But the most important factor was that I knew my dad loved me. He expressed this in many kind letters. When we were together, he would take me in his arms. He encouraged me to think for myself and to enjoy what I enjoyed. He once watched me eating a huge amount of chocolate and said, \"Eat as much as you like -- you won't always enjoy it that much.\"\n    So I started working hard. I agreed with his own clever ways. And I started to enjoy the learning of knowledge and the expression of ideas. Although exams gave little opportunity for that, I could sort of see _ .\n    A lot of parents do not realize how important the emotional aspect of the relationship is. It determines their child's performance. I recently heard a parent discussing what school their child might get into. \"I don't know how bright he is,\" she said.\n     Many parents are troubled by their children's marks at school. Their relationship with the child is almost wholly built around this. It was not at all like that with my dad. Until I was eight, he did not seem to worry about marks. And, after that, it was never exam performance that he was concerned with. Rather, he concentrated on my self-perception . He constantly showed me that I was not stupid by pointing out things I had said that were signs of intelligence. It meant I had a reasonable self-regard. I kept failing exams. But, my father thought there was a difference between my failing one exam and whether I would be a success or failure in life.", "id": "high23687.txt"}