{"answers": ["B", "D", "C", "B", "A"], "options": [["there is a slogan in every large city all over the world.", "the rush hour traffic is terrible in large cities of the world", "one should try to avoid the traffic wherever he is", "rush hour exists in large cities but not in small one"], ["people can stand the conditions in the city", "people are used to living in a city", "people know little about the problems of a city", "people still choose to live in a city"], ["there in no such thing as changes of seasons", "seasons change only in public parks now", "They live unnaturally without contact with nature", "the temperature changes little between seasons"], ["city people have to pay higher to live in a city", "there is a greater demand for things in a city", "things are better in a city than elsewhere", "people in a city are much more wealthy"], ["It's crazy to choose to live in a large city", "City life can be very disagreeable", "Country life is better than city life", "Conditions of cities should be changed"]], "questions": ["According to the writer,   _  .", "It is unusual that   _  .", "City people can hardly tell the seasons because   _  .", "The reason for things to be more expensive in a city than elsewhere is that   _  .", "What is the passage mainly about?"], "article": "\"Avoid the rush hour\" must be the slogan of large cities all over the world. Wherever you look it's people, people, people. The trains which leave or arrive every few minutes are packed. The streets are so crowded; there is hardly room to move on the pavements. It takes ages for a bus to get to you because the traffic on the roads has almost come to a standstill. Even when a bus does at last arrive, it's so full, it can't take any more passengers. The smallest unexpected event can bring about conditions of complete chaos. The strange thing is not that people stand these conditions, but that they actually choose them in preference to anything else.\nLarge modern cites are too big to control. People living there are forced by their environment to take a wholly unnatural way of life. They lost touch with the land and rhythm of nature. It is possible to live in such an air-conditioned existence in a large city that you can hardly tell the season. A few flowers in a public park may remind you that it is spring or summer. All the simple, good things of life like sunshine and fresh air are hard to find. Even the distinction between days and nights is lost.\nThe funny thing about it all is that you pay dearly to live in a city. The demand for accommodation is so great that it is often impossible for ordinary people to buy a house of their own. The cost of living is also very high. Just about everything you buy is likely to be more expensive than it would be in the country. Besides, the crime rate in most cities is very high. If you think about it, they're not really fit to live in at all. Can anyone really doubt that the country is what man was born for and where he truly belongs?", "id": "high23699.txt"}