{"answers": ["C", "B", "A", "B"], "options": [["the practice takes too much time and money", "the cloning technology is still not mature", "humans control the future of the human race", "the population in the world will be too large"], ["cloning of human beings is completely impossible", "the result of cloning can't be predicted in general", "cloning of animals is a failure", "there are big errors in a clone's DNA"], ["cloning of humans is a very controversial issue", "the cloning of Dolly begins to raise the debate over cloning of humans", "there are medical problems in cloning animals", "cloning humans is easier and safer than cloning animals"], ["the benefits of cloning", "the ethics of cloning", "the history of cloning", "the defects of cloning"]], "questions": ["Some people are against cloning of humans because they think   _  .", "Some scientists think the debate over ethics of cloning humans is overstressed because   _  .", "We can learn from the text that   _  .", "The text is mainly about   _  ."], "article": "The scientific world continues to be amazed by the speed of the development of cloning. Some scientists now suggest that the cloning of humans could occur in the near future. Despite the benefits of cloning, however, certain ethical   questions concerning the possible abuse   of cloning have been raised. At the heart of these questions is the idea of humans influencing life in a way that could harm society, either morally or in a real physical sense. Some people object to cloning because it allows scientists to \"act like God\" in the handling of living organisms. \n   The cloning of Dolly raised the debate over this practice to a whole new level. It has become obvious that the technology for cloning Dolly could also be used to clone humans. A person could choose to make two or ten or a hundred copies of himself or herself by the same techniques used with Dolly. An active debate about the morality of cloning humans arises. Some people see benefits from the practice, such as providing a way for parents to produce a new child to replace one dying of a fatal disease. Other people worry about humans taking into their own hands the future of the human race. \n   At the beginning of the twenty-first century, many scientists say the controversy over the ethics of cloning humans is overstressed because of the unpredictability   of cloning in general. While scientists have cloned animals such as sheep, mice, cows, pigs, and goats, fewer than 3 percent of all those cloning efforts have succeeded. The animal clones that have been produced often have health problems. Scientists believe the rapid reprogramming in cloning can introduce random   errors into a clone's DNA. Those errors have altered individual genes in minor ways, and the genetic defects   have led to the development of major medical problems. Some scientists say this should make human cloning out of the question, but others argue that cloning humans may actually be easier and safer than cloning animals. Whatever, I agree that further research in the field of cloning is needed.", "id": "high23701.txt"}