{"answers": ["B", "B"], "options": [["help people to answer the questions provided by them.", "know more about conditions of people and make decisions", "guide people to find a job when they are out of work.", "tell people how to spend their money and live on their own."], ["attract more people to attend the activities of the ACS", "introduce something about the ACS", "show the ACS is a very important organization", "tell readers how to help the ACS"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, the purpose of ACS is to   _  .", "The author writes the passage mainly to  _  ."], "article": "The American Community Survey(ACS) is an outgoing survey designed to provide communities a fresh look on how they are changing, which provides data every year-- giving communities the current information they need to plan investments and service. The ACS collects information such as age, race, income, home value, and other important data. Information about individuals will remain confidential because participating in the American Community Survey is safe. \nYour address was selected as a part of a sample and represents thousands of other households like yours. We randomly select about 3 million addresses each year to participate in the survey. Your answers are important. As part of a sample, you represent many people. Find out how each question helps your community, your state, and the federal government in questions in the form and why we ask. \nThe information that the Census Bureau collects helps to determine how more than $400 billion dollars of federal funding each year is spent on infrastructure  and services. Your answer help state and local leaders make decisions about programs and investments such as new highway, schools, hospitals, job training, community centers and emergency services.\nDo you have questions about the American Community Survey? Have you lost the form? Would you rather complete the form over the phone? Respond by mail: Fill out the form and mail it back in the postage-paid return envelope. If you have trouble answering a question, call us and we will help you. Respond by phone: Call 1-800-354-7271 to answer the American Community Survey over the phone, or for other help. If we don't hear from you by mail or phone, a Census Bureau field representative may visit you in person to help you complete the American Community Survey.", "id": "high23707.txt"}