{"answers": ["C", "D", "B", "A"], "options": [["no dogs are permitted in the capital", "the police do not carry handguns", "it is very different from America", "the climate is rather mild."], ["there are no soldiers in Iceland", "the Icelanders don't drink beer", "there is no service fee of any kind", "there are no crimes in Iceland"], ["Iceland uses only 3 percent of all its available power", "the Icelanders use hot water from the ground below as their energy", "it is located just under the Arctic Circle", "it is a democratic independent country"], ["they regard books more important than shoes.", "they would rather have shoes on than write books", "they prefer traveling to reading", "they prefer not to have shoes or books"]], "questions": ["American visitors enjoy visiting Iceland probably because  _  .", "The following statements are true EXCEPT  _  .", "There is no pollution in Iceland mainly because  _  .", "\"Rather shoeless than bookless\" means  _  ."], "article": "To American visitors, Iceland is a very interesting country, partly because it is different in so many ways from what he or she is used to seeing at home. There are quite a few things that are not done, or that do not exist on the island - quite a few \"No's\".\nThere is no pollution, for instance. No dogs are permitted in Reykjavik, the capital. There is no television on Thursdays or during the entire month of July, and only three hours of black-and-white TV the rest of the time. There is no hard liquor on Wednesdays and no beer at any time. There are no handguns; only one jail of thirty-five cells  in the entire land - an admirable figure, even for a small country of 313,376 people.\nThere is no army, air force or navy. There is no tipping for anything. There are no large stores open on Saturdays or Sundays. Since Iceland is situated just under the Arctic Circle, there is no darkness in summer and do daylight in winter. But thanks to Gulf Stream, the climate is rather mild, with temperatures ranging from 34 degrees Fahrenheit to 52 degrees in July.\nThe rules on television, liquor, and guns are the result of governmental decision. But the absence of pollution is due in great part to the fact that Iceland gets its power from the enormous geyser and the thousands of hot springs that come out of the ground. They provide all the energy needed by the country. In fact, Iceland uses only 3 percent of all its available power.\nIceland has been described as a democratic   independent country where more fish are caught and more books published per person than anywhere else in the world. The Icelanders have always felt a particular love for literature. They composed their first works in the ninth and tenth centuries AD. These works were poems and tales about the kings, heroes, and heroines of Iceland and Norway. At first the stories were memorized and passed from generation to generation. The Icelanders have never stopped writing ever since. \"Rather shoeless than bookless,\" they proudly say.", "id": "high2371.txt"}