{"answers": ["D", "D", "C", "D"], "options": [["The king and the queen acted by students.", "The laziest student in study.", "The teacher who offers advice.", "Students who study hardest."], ["Because they would like to dance and sang madly.", "Because this is the only chance that they get dressed like film stars.", "Because students make it as exciting as an awarding party of Oscar.", "Because this perhaps is the last chance that they can enjoy their school life."], ["study in the same classroom", "have the same class with each other", "attend different classes in different places", "wait for their teachers in their class"], ["The organizing of dance parties.", "Homecoming party.", "How to ask for a leave.", "School life in America."]], "questions": ["Whose presence at the homecoming party can make others amazed?", "Why do students hold the dance party till the next morning?", "According to the passage, American students in school   _  .", "What is this passage mainly about?"], "article": "School is a place that is familiar to everyone. Let's find out what American students do in school.    \nAn official dance party is held about twice a year in high schools in the United States. When the final football game is over for the season there is a homecoming party. Sometimes, students select a king from among the football players, and a queen from among the girls. Every student can attend and have fun with the help of their teachers. Sometimes, students, called bookworms, to the surprise of the other students, come to the party in a beautiful dress.\n    The most exciting party that students can go to would have to be a dance party. Students attend it in dresses similar to those of Hollywood stars and the atmosphere is comparable to an Oscar Award party. Since such a party is for seniors, students usually stay up the night trying to enjoy their last year in high school.\n    In American schools, instead of the teachers going to different rooms, students have their own class schedules   and go to different classrooms. When a student is away from school, they must have an explanation for being away along with the signature  of a parent. The signed paper is then handed in to the school office. High school drop outs and students being expelled   are not that uncommon in the States. High absences without excuses are one of the reasons why students are expelled from school. American students also enjoy a number of activities out of school like cheerleading  , student government and a host of different sports.", "id": "high23715.txt"}