{"answers": ["A", "B", "C"], "options": [["optimistic, hardworking and kind", "lovely, inspiring and hardworking", "mean, optimistic and lucky", "brave, nervous and clever"], ["Dawn Loggins' parents abused drugs.", "Dawn Loggins is independent.", "Dawn Loggins' story is inspiring.", "Dawn Loggins participated in all kinds of high-school activities at Burns"], ["It's never too old to learn.", "A little learning is a dangerous thing.", "Where there is a will, there is a way", "Knowledge is power."]], "questions": ["Which of the following can be used to describe Dawn Loggins?", "What can be inferred from the passage?", "We can draw a conclusion from the passage that  _  ?"], "article": "You don't run across a story this inspiring every day.\nDawn Loggins, a North Carolina high school senior who was left homeless by her parents the summer before her senior year, has graduated from Burns High School in Lawndale, NC. While that's quite the accomplishment, what comes next is truly amazing: Dawn has been admitted Harvard University .\nDawn grew up in a less-than-ideal situation, to say the least. Her house had no electricity or running water, so she was forced to do her homework in the dark and go days, even weeks, without showering. She lived with parents who abused drugs.\n    At Burns, Dawn was accepted to Governor's School, a one-month summer program in North Carolina for gifted high school juniors. But when she returned to Lawndale from the program in July t,she found her house empty, with a notice on the front door,saying the house has been taken back.Dawn was officially homeless.\nDawn didn't let her situation stop her drive to be successful. As a senior, she participated in typical high-school activities at Burns: band club, photography club, cross-country and National Honor Society. She also worked as a janitor to earn extra money -- all while making straight A's.\nAnd like any other bright high school senior, she decided to go to college.\nDawn applied at four North Carolina schools and her dream school, Harvard.Then she got an acceptance letter from the Ivy League school. On top of being accepted, Dawn received a full scholarship to attend.\nCNN wrote that since Dawn's story has circulated worldwide, people have sent encouragement and money to the teen. Dawn doesn't want the money for herself, though.\n\"When I get to college, I can work for what I need. And I know my future is going to be great,\" she told CNN. Dawn hopes to start an organization to help other students with similar barriers in continuing their education.", "id": "high23737.txt"}