{"answers": ["C", "A", "D", "B"], "options": [["He drove in front of her car and asked her to follow his car.", "He signaled to her to drive in when the traffic signal turned green.", "He stopped his car some distance back to give her enough space to move in.", "He stopped a few cars from dashing in behind her car."], ["They were not friendly or thoughtful.", "They are thankful to the driver who helped the lady.", "They blasted their horns to encourage the lady driver.", "They were not anxious to get home."], ["Worried.", "proud", "Upset.", "Moved."], ["A Thoughtful Man Driver Who Helped a Lady Driver", "A Tiny Act of Kindness Makes the World Nicer", "A Lady Driver in an upsetting Traffic Situation", "The Rush Hour on Pacific Coast Highway"]], "questions": ["How did the thoughtful man help the lady driver to edge in the traffic flow?", "What can we know about most of the drivers on Pacific Coast Highway from the story?", "How does the writer feel about the behavior of the man who helped the lady?", "What would be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "It was evening rush hour on Pacific Coast Highway in Redondo Beach, CA. Drivers lined up from traffic signal to traffic signal and were anxious to get home. On a side street merging   into this highway was a timid driver who was afraid to edge in and no one let her in. Some of the drivers backed up behind her and loudly blasted their horns. This made her more upset and nervous. \nOn the right of this side street, the signal on Pacific Coast Highway turned red and traffic stopped. A driver who saw what was happening to this woman stopped a few car lengths behind her car and motioned to her to pull in front of his car. She quickly did and as he waited, two more cars dashed in behind her car. \nWhile the woman he'd helped waited for the signal to turn green, she sank into her driver's seat and was deeply relieved. Although this thoughtful man couldn't see it, her body language expressed her gratitude.\nIf you've been in a traffic situation like the one she was in, you know how upsetting it can be. But this little act of kindness allowed her to safely reach her home. She told others about this, which encouraged them to do something nice for someone else. \nThis kindness spreads. Someone does something nice for you and in turn you're likely to do something nice for that person or for someone else. \nA simple act of kindness could have a widespread effect. It's like a stone that drops in a pond and causes ripples in each direction. No one knows how far those ripples will travel but they will affect everything they touch along the way.", "id": "high23740.txt"}