{"answers": ["C", "A", "D"], "options": [["tell people how to relax themselves", "let people know more about Yoga", "give people some advice on taking part in Yoga classes", "tell peoples Yoga has gained its popularity in China"], ["Join one of the noblest Yoga clubs.", "Don't easily follow the fashion about Yoga.", "Know some knowledge about nutrition.", "Find out a real teacher."], ["Yoga has nothing to do with culture", "Yoga is somehow easy to exercise", "many people learn Yoga in order to complete", "not all the Yoga clubs have standard teachers"]], "questions": ["The author's main purpose in writing the passage is to_.", "Which of the following is NOT the author's advice?", "From the advice offered by the author, we can conclude that_."], "article": "Feeling tired? Under too much stress? Well, you may want to try Yoga . It's what more and more people have been turning to to release the trouble of modern life. Practically unheard of in the West until 50 years ago, Yoga has become one of the most popular health trends around the world, including prefix = st1 /China. If you search for Yoga on line in Chinese, lots of pages are there to see, most of which are main pages of Yoga clubs. In order to keep fit and lose weight, many girls spend more than 1000 yuan taking part in Yoga classes every month.\nHowever, are you really ready for it? There are several things you need to know before you really take it.\nFirst, do not force your body too much. Yoga has many difficult poses. They are beautiful and worth boasting if you could finish them. But if you force yourself to do as exactly as an experienced Yoga teacher does, you may hurt your body, instead of strengthening it. Do you remember you original purpose for playing Yoga? It is self -building, not competing. \nSecond, do some research about the Yoga class that you are to registering. Yoga is new in Chinaand there are not so many certificated well-trained Yoga teachers. Some not well organized clubs just find someone learn a little Yoga and certificate them. But be aware, a non- _ teacher might wrongly guide you and you could not benefit from the classes much except that they force you to exercise your body a bit. Considering about the large amount of money you invest in it, it's worth and reasonable to make sure the teachers in the club are qualified before you join.\n       Third, it would be better to learn something about nutrition when you practice Yoga. In the very beginning, Yoga was part of the Vedas, bible of the traditional Indian philosophy. So it could be regarded as a kind of lifestyle. When you have decided to care for your body, why not feed it properly? In fact, good clubs have their own nutritionists.\n       Anyhow, make sure you are ready before you act. The fashion may change quickly. But what benefits is still good for us.", "id": "high23759.txt"}