{"answers": ["C", "D", "B", "A"], "options": [["an organization that offers some free services", "a person who offers some advice to foreign tourists", "a company that rents cell phones to Americans going abroad", "a person who makes travel plans for Americans"], ["BlackBerry.", "The return kit.", "E-mail.", "Satellite phones."], ["an international BlackBerry is mainly used to send ,.-mail for free", "Roadpost can offer cell phones used in different areas", "you should select a bag used to send your cell phone", "Roadpost's service is convenient and simple"], ["Voicemail.", "Sending e-mail.", "Shipping the phone back.", "Call waiting services."]], "questions": ["According to the text, Roadpost probably is  _   .", "Which of the following will help you a lot in mountainous areas?", "According to the text, it can be inferred that  _   .", "Which of the following services is free of charge from Roadpost?"], "article": "Whether you're headed to another country for business or pleasure, it is likely that you need to keep in touch with family or business partners in the United States. But if you plan to do that using your cell phone, you could have an unwelcome surprise. U,S. cell phones don't work abroad. U.S. companies use different forms of technology, not like most of the international community, including Europe.\nHowever, there is an easy, cost-effective solution to staying in touch while you're traveling, You can rent a phone that is guaranteed to work in the countries you're visiting. Roadpost offers a 30-day cell phone rental plan that includes call waiting services, free incoming calls and free voicemail.\nThe service is convenient and simple. You can place your order online and your phone will be shipped to arrive on the date you want. If an unexpected business trip comes up, Roadpost can provide next-day delivery for most cities. In addition to the phone, Roadpost provides a spare battery, travel Charger and a leather carrying case.\nWhen your phone is shipped from Roadpost, you receive an e-mail confirmation that  contains your international cell phone number so you can leave it with family members and  business partners: Roadpost even provides business cards preprinted with your international  phone number.\nThose who don't want to be without e-mail while traveling can rent an international BlackBerry. It can be hard to stay in touch by e-mail when traveling. With an international BlackBerry, you can email as much as you like, without worrying about an expensive bill.\nIf you're traveling to very remote areas, you may want to consider renting a satellite phone. Because they receive their signals from satellites, these phones work anywhere the planet, including oceans and mountains. When you return, simply ship the phone BlackBerry back to Roadpost using the return kit the company provides.", "id": "high2375.txt"}