{"answers": ["C", "A", "C", "A"], "options": [["will give one encouragement and direction", "are helpful in finding the right information", "are the most valuable part of one's personal education", "will help one to successfully complete school assignments"], ["to fully develop one's personal abilities", "to use the skills learnt in the classroom", "to prove that one is a productive writer", "to demonstrate how well one can accomplish school assignment"], ["one should explore new areas in research", "one should trust one's own ability to meet course requirements", "one should consider research paper writing a pleasure, not a burden", "one should use all one's knowledge and skills when doing research"], ["How to write a research paper.", "The importance of research in education.", "How to make new discoveries for oneself.", "The skill of putting pieces of information together."]], "questions": ["According to the writer, personal discoveries_.", "It can be inferred from the passage that writing a research paper gives one chances_.", "The writer argues in the passage that_.", "What will probably follow this passage?"], "article": "The most exciting kind of education is also the most personal. Nothing can exceed   the joy of discovering for yourself something that is important to you! It may be an idea or a bit of information you come across accidentally--or a sudden insight, fitting together pieces of information or working through a problem. Such personal encounters are the \"payoff\" in education. A teacher may direct you to learning and even encourage you in it--but no teacher can make the excitement or the joy happen. That's up to you.\nA research paper, assigned in a course and perhaps checked at various stages by an instructor, leads you beyond classrooms, beyond the texts for classes and into a process where the joy of discovery and learning can come to you many times. Preparing the research paper is an active and individual process, and ideal learning process. It provides a structure within which you can make exciting discoveries, of knowledge and of self, that are basic to education. But the research paper also gives you a chance to individualize a school assignment, to suit a piece of work to your own interests and abilities, to show others what you can do. Writing a research paper is more than just a classroom exercise. It is an experience in searching out, understanding and synthesizing , which forms the basis of many skills applicable  to both academic and nonacademic tasks. It is, in the fullest sense, a discovering of an education. So, to produce a good research paper is both a useful and a thoroughly satisfying experience!\nTo some, the thought of having to write an assigned number of pages, often more than ever produced before, is upsetting. To others, the very idea of having to work independently is threatening. But there is no need to approach paper assignment with anxiety, and nobody should view the research paper as an obstacle to overcome. Instead, consider it a goal to accomplish, a goal within reach if you use the help this book can give you.", "id": "high23767.txt"}