{"answers": ["B", "C", "D"], "options": [["He was unwilling to go to school any longer.", "His family was poor and he had to support his family.", "He wanted to earn money to buy a second-hand car.", "He had to help his parents in the second-hand car shop."], ["ask for more pay", "pay for the broken windshield", "remove the misunderstanding", "request Cindy's forgiveness"], ["Seek the truth from facts.", "Actions speak louder than words.", "An eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth.", "A small act of kindness can change a person."]], "questions": ["Why did the author begin to work at such a small age?", "The author bought some red roses for Cindy in order to_.", "What can we learn from the passage?"], "article": "Twenty years ago, when I was only fifteen, I had to leave school to work in a second-hand car shop to support my family. My work was to fix holes in leather, cigarette burns in seats, and repair windshields . \n    Every day I worked hard. And I was always optimistic, positive and kind, and tried my best to be angry with anybody.\nOne day while I was repairing the windshield of an old car, Cindy, the shop owner, who was always very rude to me and other workers, came and said it was broken by me. She asked me to pay for it. I have always been an honest person and I felt very embarrassed. And what is worse she blamed me in front of all the other workers. Just at that time, one of my colleagues came and said the windshield was broken because of a falling branch of a tree standing in the yard.\nHowever, instead of being angry at being looked upon as someone that was not honest or had no integrity , I went to a flower shop and bought some red roses and had them put in a nice basket that afternoon. I picked out a card and stated that I was sorry for the misunderstanding and that I did not ever have the intention of making her angry. And then I sent them to Cindy.\nThe next morning, I walked into Cindy's office like I did every day with my list of used cars that needed some attention before they were sold and said hello to her with my usual happy and sincere attitude. She gave me a big smile and said, \"Thank you for your flowers.\"\nCindy began to change from that day, perhaps because of this small act of kindness. She was always very kind, and would always have a big smile when we walked into her office. I guess people can change with a little bit of kindness!", "id": "high23775.txt"}