{"answers": ["C", "D", "B", "A"], "options": [["gain some experience for the 2012 London Paralympic Games", "get better training for the 2012 London Paralympic Games", "fight for a chance to attend the 2012 London Paralympic Games", "have their body checked for the 2012 London Paralympic Games"], ["She needs much help in daily life.", "She lost one foot at college.", "She lost her former memory.", "She keeps exercising every day."], ["disabled people should exercise more to win", "the American team will face great challenge", "Australia is most likely to win the competition", "most Australians are good at riding bikes"], ["three disabled bikers for the 2012 Paralympic Games", "the hard training for the 2012 Paralympic Games", "the disabled bikers' competition in London", "the tips for winning the Paralympic Games"]], "questions": ["More than two hundred disabled bikers gathered in Los Angeles to   _  .", "What can we know about Jennifer Schuble?", "According to Sam Kavanagh,   _  .", "This passage is mainly about   _  ."], "article": "The 2012 Olympic Games are coming! More than two hundred disabled bikers from thirty-three countries have been competing in Los Angeles, California. They are seeking a chance to compete at the 2012 Paralympic Games in London. The games are to open in August after the end of the London Olympics. Here, let's know something about three excellent disabled bikers who will be seen at the 2012 Paralympic Games.\n   American cyclist Jennifer Schuble got hurt in her brain when she was a college student and lost some of the feeling in her feet. Her arm was later damaged in a car accident and she has muscle sclerosis . But she says cycling let her return to competitive sports, \"Doing physical exercise has always been part of my daily life, and every day I play soccer run to keep fit. With cycling, I'm able to strengthen my legs.\" She won the gold medal in the five-hundred-meter event at the Beijing Paralympic Games in 2008. Like most of the riders, she has moved beyond her disabilities, dealing with daily life just like everyone else.\n   American Sam Kavanagh lost his leg in a skiing accident seven years ago. After recovering, he returned to cycling which he had enjoyed in college. He says the American team will have a hard time during the competition, \" Great Britain has top athletes in paracycling events. The Americans alwayse come flying. They're very strong. But I have confidence in our team.\"\n   British Paralympic champion Sarah Storey was born without a working left hand. She has won gold medals in both cyvling and swimming. She competed in her first games in 1992. She also competed in the Commonwealth Games in 2010 against non-disabled athletes. Sarah Storey says getting ready for the Paralympic Games needs continuous training. She will keep training even after the games.", "id": "high23777.txt"}