{"answers": ["B", "C", "D", "D"], "options": [["serving as a warner", "going home after school", "staying in classroom", "playing at home"], ["she didn't obey the school rules", "she planned to study in England", "she called on girls to go to school", "she fought against the Taliban"], ["November 10 is Malala's birthday", "Malala has been awarded an international children's peace prize", "Malala has made great achievement in writing", "Malala has advocated the right to children's education"], ["A terrorism attack", "An education activist", "The Taliban's threat", "The return of a heroine"]], "questions": ["Malala was violently attacked by the Taliban when   _  .", "Malala was shot for the reason that   _  .", "The United Nations declare November 10 Malala Day because   _  .", "What's the best title of this text?"], "article": "On March 19, Malala Yousafzai, a 15-year-old Pakistani student and women's education activist, returned to the classroom for the first time since being violently attacked by a member of the Taliban--a terrorist organization-- on October 9, 2012. Malala was shot on her way home from school in Mingora, Pakistan. A Taliban group took responsibility for the attack, saying the attack should serve as a warning to others. Members of the group follow a strict version of the local religion and believe girls should not go to school. Malala was targeted because she is appealing for girls' rights to education in Swat Valley, Pakistan.\nMalala recovers from the attack at Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham, England. After a long period of recovery, Malala is starting as a ninth-year student at Edgbaston High School. It is the oldest independent girl school in Birmingham, England. Though she has no concrete plans to return to Pakistan, Malala still speaks out as a voice for change in her country, and everywhere. \n\"I am excited that today I have achieved my dream of going back to school. I want all girls in the world to have this basic opportunity,\" Malala said in a statement. \"I miss my classmates from Pakistan very much but I am looking forward to meeting my teachers and making new friends here in Birmingham.\" \nMalala has been an Internet blogger, or writer, since she was 11 years old. In 2011 she was awarded Pakistan's National Peace Award for her bravery in writing about the difficulties of life and education in the shadow of the Taliban. She has spoken publicly about children's rights and been nominated for an international children's peace prize. \nAfter the attack in 2012, support for Malala poured in from around the world. The United Nations declared November 10 Malala Day. Former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown said the day honors Malala and shows the world that people of all sexes, all backgrounds and all countries stand behind the heroine .", "id": "high23811.txt"}