{"answers": ["D", "A"], "options": [["Diet", "Exercise", "Medicine", "Accidents"], ["advertisement to a website", "lecture to college students", "magazine introduction", "newspaper front-page"]], "questions": ["The differences between Asian and American culture are not discussed in   _", "The passage is overall a(n)  _  ."], "article": "American doctors have been trying to figure out the secrets behind Asians being healthier than Americans since the early 90s - The Japan has the lowest mortality rates in the world and Chinese medicine has been around for thousands of years, since around 2000 B.C. only meant that there's more to Asian health philosophy. In Asian medicine, there's an acknowledgment of the whole-body theory of medicine, instead of isolationism that's prevalent in many American doctor's offices.\nThe main reason behind a better health lies in the difference between Asian and American culture. Diet, exercise, and a holistic approach to medicine all contribute to Asians living longer and healthier than their American counterparts. In addition, the result of the Asian lifestyle has led to a stronger overall immune system and better detoxification  efficiency.\nThe more preferred drink in the American lifestyle is soda, beer or coffee. However, in Asian culture, the preferred drink is water or herbal tea. Consumption of water serves to immediately strengthen one's body detoxification program, since water dilutes toxins and helps flush the body. Americans savor red meat and pork, while most Asians prefer chicken, rice and fish. Also, the foods in Asia are mostly organic and lack the hormonal toxins that American food carries. Overall the Asian diet leads to less food-introduced toxins into the body, and allows the body to spend its energy on its immune system rather than toxin control. Also, the fish that Asians consume have very strong immunological effects, providing more antioxidants than the red meat preferred in America.\nThe average American family has more than one car. In Asia, on average there's 1 car per 4 families. In Asian cultures, people use bicycles more than four-wheeled transportation. The Asian lifestyle also involves more labor and physical work, such as agricultural labor and gardening. The American lifestyle praises white-collar jobs which lead to Americans sitting in front of computer screens for hours on end. Exercise helps detoxification in two ways: it speeds up metabolism, and induces sweat. \nMedicine in Asia centers mostly on natural ingredients that have healing properties. Asian medicine also addresses the mind-body connection and the importance of mental balance. There are more traditional medicine doctors per person in Asia than in America. American medicine costs more and is symptom-focused, often ignoring the overall cause of the symptoms. In America, the prescriptions that are chemically derived are dangerous toxins that stress the body's detoxification system. Using Asian medicine means using only natural ingredients, which the body can easily detoxify while getting the same health benefit.\nIt is not very difficult to adopt the Asian lifestyle and improve your body's detoxification and immune system. You can change your lifestyle today by eating and drinking organic, exercising rigorously at least three times a week, and using organic health alternative therapies over dangerous prescription medicines. ks5u\nEmma Deangela is the author of detox and fasting site at eDetoxify.com. Combining both Asian and Western philosophy, Emma Deangela has helped many people by giving them health consultation to make their lives better and healthier through natural health philosophy. Visit eDetoxify.com to discover the health philosophy that leads many people to a healthy life.", "id": "high23810.txt"}