{"answers": ["A", "D", "B", "D"], "options": [["lists some examples", "compares some facts", "analyzes some numbers", "raises some questions"], ["seafood has enough water and is fresh", "fishes in the sea have large and complex brains", "our ancestors had nothing to eat but seafood", "it is abundant in fatty acids promoting brain cell growth"], ["went to the coast to spend our holidays", "left the woods and headed for the beach", "separated from apes and appeared in the forests of Africa", "discovered seafood was packed with omega-3 fatty acids"], ["It's good to our health to swim under the waves.", "Human has the largest and most complex brains.", "Beach is the best destination of vacation.", "It's human nature to seek out bodies of water."]], "questions": ["To explain human's favor for water, the author   _  .", "Human beings have benefited a lot from seafood because   _  .", "According to Crawford, human brain developed fast when we   _  .", "What can we infer from the passage?"], "article": "Maps of the world's population show that the majority of people today live near water. We live along coastlines, around bays, up the course of rivers and streams and on islands. We also vacation at the beach and find comfort fishing on a lake. Nothing makes small children happier than the chance of playing in water. \nMore surprisingly, this human favor for water makes evolutionary sense. Sure, we need drinking water to live, but we have also benefited from what's swimming under the waves. \nNeuroscientist Crawford of the University of North London has proposed that our ancient ancestors attached to the sea, and that their devotion paid off by allowing the human species to develop large and complex brains. \nCrawford claims that when humans separated from apes and appeared in the forests of Africa, they stuck close to rivers and beaches and started catching fish, clams and crabs. That seafood was packed with omega-3 fatty acids, essential fatty acids that promote brain cell growth. \nIt's no coincidence, Crawford claims, that human brain growth began to increase rapidly once we left the woods and headed for the beach.  \nScientists have also discovered that people who eat fish regularly are less likely to suffer from depression than those who eat less seafood. Biochemist Hibbelin of the National Institutes of Health has shown that across cultures there is a direct link between amount of fish eaten each week and rates of depression. More interestingly, Hibbelin and researcher Laura have found that fish is commonly used as a symbol of happiness and good health in various religions and cultures. \nWe know that fish and the sea are good for us, and so we seek them out. We vacation on the coast and see the waves come and go, feeling happiness has taken over our brain. When we move inland, or go home from vacation, we lose touch with our sea roots and feel unhappy.", "id": "high23813.txt"}