{"answers": ["B", "D", "C", "B"], "options": [["the National Park Service will celebrate its 100th anniversary", "more educational programs will be started in national parks", "NatureBridge plans to work with the National Park Service", "students are encouraged to learn about nature and history"], ["It plans to make NatureBridge its branch.", "It provides programs for college students.", "It was established earlier than Yellowstone.", "It offered some educational programs before."], ["finances all the programs alone", "is aimed at laboratory activities", "has benefited quite a lot of students", "provides online field science programs"], ["Travel", "Education", "Entertainment", "Health"]], "questions": ["The text is intended to tell us that_.", "Which of the following is true of the National Park Service?", "According to the text, NatureBridge_.", "You can probably read this text in the section of_."], "article": "The National Park Service in the United States will mark its one hundredth anniversary in 2016. As it nears its second century, the Park Service plans to increase its educational programs for students and teachers. \nThe plans include transportation support for one hundred thousand students each year to visit national parks to learn about nature and history. Yellowstone is believed to have been the world's first national park when it was established in 1872. Other students will get a chance to see parks in faraway places through Skype and other online programs.\nThe National Park Service also works with partners to provide education. One of its partners is a nonprofit organization called NatureBridge. NatureBridge is celebrating its fortieth anniversary and says one million young people have taken part in its programs. The organization works with students from kindergarten through twelfth grade and uses national parks as its classrooms. It provides field science programs at Yosemite National Park and four other locations in California and the northwestern state of Washington. \nNow, NatureBridge is launching an East Coast center with a four-million-dollar grant from Google. The program will begin in April at the Prince William Forest Park in Virginia. Students stay for three to five days in NatureBridge programs. The activities are aimed at developing their science skills. For example, they learn about different soils and study water quality under a microscope. Jason Morris, executive vice president of NatureBridge says when they are not sleeping, eating or in a laboratory, the students spend their time outdoors.\nJulia Washburn is associate director of education and interpretation for the National Park Service. She says in a time of budget cuts, the agency has to find ways to still meet its goals. And one of the most important services that the Park Service provides every day is nature interpretation.", "id": "high23838.txt"}