{"answers": ["D", "B", "A", "A"], "options": [["There are always shortages of goods.", "The workers are getting lower and lower pay.", "The government makes no difference.", "People demand more and better goods."], ["Housewives needn't know anything happening to the market.", "People's lives are affected by the value of money.", "There seems no need for everyone to know about the rising cost of living.", "The prices will go up if more goods are produced."], ["find ways to save money", "do extra work to earn more money", "try some other means of making money", "raise a protest against the high cost of living"], ["one to make his income meet the cost of living", "the government to battle the rising cost of living", "merchants to produce more goods", "the workers to earn more money"]], "questions": ["Why does the cost of living keep increasing?", "Which of the following is TRUE?", "According to the passage, when people find it hard to make ends meet, they need to   _  .", "Budgeting helps   _  ."], "article": "Many families in the prefix = st1 /United Stateshave a larger income now than ever before, but people are finding it difficult to make ends meet anyway. Almost everyone is wondering, \"What happens to all my money? I never seem to have anything left to put away.\"\n      Why isn't a dollar worth as much as it used to be? One dollar is always worth the same amount, that is, 100 cents. But the value of a dollar is how much it can buy. The value of money depends on the cost of living. Economists say that the cost of living is the money that a family must pay for the necessities of life such as food, housing or rent, clothes and medical expenses. For many years now the cost of living has increased greatly, so the value of the dollar has decreased. When a dollar has a low value, you cannot buy as many things with it.\n      No one fully understands why the cost of living keeps increasing, but economists believe that workers and producers can make prices go up. As workers earn more money, they have more money to spend, so they demand more goods. If there is a great demand for certain goods, the prices of these goods go up. At the same time, if there's a shortage of goods, the price also goes up. For example, if everyone wants to buy more and more gas, the price of gas goes up. When companies withhold gas from buyers, they can also make the price of gas go up.\n      Families need to know what happens to their money. They need to make their income meet the cost of living, so many people plan a family budget. A budget is a list of monthly expenses. If your expenses add up to more than your income, you must find ways to save money. Maybe you're spending too much on entertainment. Or if you're spending too much on clothes, you may want to sew your own clothes. Budgeting helps you spend your money wisely as the cost of living increases.", "id": "high23834.txt"}