{"answers": ["A", "B", "B", "C"], "options": [["Micro Blogger Strikes Gold", "The powerful Micro Blog", "Zhao Cheng--- a Post-90s", "How to Run a Popular Micro Blog"], ["Zhao tries to forward as many ads as possible in his blog", "Zhao's parents once thought little of his micro-blog", "Zhao has given up to further his study in a university", "Zhao thinks it easy to launch a micro blogging sensation"], ["the price of advertising on micro blogs is much lower", "ads on micro blogs can be spread more widely", "young cus tomers only pay attention to ads online", "it's much easier to advertise on micro blogs"], ["forward ads on his micro blogs", "escape from his parents' supervision", "collect proper topics for his micro blogs", "make up the time spend on micro blogs"]], "questions": ["The best title of the passage is   _  .", "We can know from the passage that  _  .", "According to the passage, enterprises like marketing on micro blogs because  _  .", "Zhao Cheng often stays up late in order to  _  ."], "article": "Zhao Cheng is a typical member of the post-90s generation. And like many of his peers, he spends a lot of time staring at his computer screen, looking for amusing passages to share on his micro blog. He also writes his own amusing comments and observations. \nIt may seem that Zhao,19, a fresh high school grade, is simply wasting time with his micro blogging exploits. His parents certainly thought so. And then Zhao amazed them by turning his hobby into a profitable career.\n    Enterprises, especially those targeting young customers, have realized the value of marketing on micro blogs. Ads, if forwarded by popular bloggers, will enjoy widespread Internet coverage. Therefore, it appears that running a popular micro blog and forwarding several ads per day is a financial rewarding career choice nowadays. However, in order to be successful, you need to ensure that your micro blog has a large number of followers. Launching a micro blogging sensation can be tough for rookies . \nIn Zhao's opinion, it's not necessary to come up with a totally original micro blog. \" You can publish a popular post you have found in other online communities on your micro blog. But to become a sensation, you have to be the first one to publish the post,\" said Zhao.\nTherefore, a micro blogger needs to be aware enough to sense a post's potential to become an online sensation. He or she also needs to be daring enough to publish potentially controversial posts or launch activities which could be risky.\nRunning a popular micro blog is an exhausting job, both physically and mentally. Publishing ads also requires energy and commitment. In order to hunt for the most up-to-date, hot topics online, Zhao has to spend almost all of his spare time surfing the Internet. He often stays up late.", "id": "high23840.txt"}