{"answers": ["B", "C"], "options": [["To call on healthy eating.", "To reduce childhood fatness rate.", "To show the harm caused by fatness.", "To educate people how to avoid illness."], ["She is an expert in healthy eating.", "She has won support of the whole nation.", "She shows great concern about childhood fatness.", "She makes good use of media to increase her influence."]], "questions": ["What is the purpose of the campaign started by the first lady?", "What can we learn from the passage about Mrs. Obama??"], "article": "First lady's campaign brings change\nWASHINGTON (AP) -- Wal-Mart  is putting special labels on some  products to help shoppers quickly notice healthier ones. Millions of schoolchildren are helping themselves to vegetables from salad bars in their lunchrooms, and kids' meals at Olive Garden and Red Lobster restaurants come with a side of fruit or vegetables and a glass of low-fat milk.\nThese changes are taking place due to the campaign against childhood fatness, for which the first lady Michelle Obama began fighting three years ago. \nFatness has become a serious problem in the country. About one-third of U.S. children are overweight, which puts them at increased risk for any number of deadly illnesses, including high blood pressure and heart disease. \nStill, Mrs. Obama faces challenge. Not everyone welcomes her effort. Some blame her for going too far and say she has no right to tell what people should and shouldn't eat. But nutrition supporters and others praise her for using her influence to help bring interests to the table. They said the first lady has raised public awareness about fatness, which will help decrease childhood fatness rates.\nThere is evidence of small decrease in childhood fatness rates in some parts of the country. New York reported a 5.5 percent drop in fatness rates in kindergarteners through eighth-graders between the 2006-07 and 2010-11 school years. In Philadelphia, the drop was 4.7 percent among students in grades K-12.\nFighting against children fatness is hard work, but it's well worth the effort. The first lady is planning a promotional tour. She has been talking up the campaign against childhood fatness on daytime and late-night TV shows and on the radio. She also plans discussions next week on Google and Twitter.\n\"We've been spending a lot of time educating and re-educating families and kids on how to eat, what to eat,\" the first lady said. \"We're starting to see some changes and we're starting to show some improvement.\"", "id": "high23847.txt"}