{"answers": ["C", "D", "B", "A"], "options": [["Little in the first three months and a gradual increase afterwards.", "An ounce a day after the first three months.", "No drinking for pregnant women.", "Those who drink regularly need not worry about the harm to their babies."], ["the lack of vitamin D and folic acid", "rickets and spina bifida", "the lack of doctors' advice and support", "diabetes carded by pregnant women"], ["a pregnant woman drinking alcohol infrequently has little risk to her baby", "pregnant women who drink a little occasionally are always afraid of the effects", "there is no evidence that a pregnant woman drinking alcohol might harm her baby", "getting drunk once won't harm the baby"], ["show NICE's new guidance on pregnant women's alcohol drinking and its advice for the care of pregnant women", "warn pregnant women against any alcohol during pregnancy", "show the present situation of pregnant women's drinking limit", "call for more care for pregnant women in society"]], "questions": ["What is the advice made by the Department of Health on drinking alcohol during pregnancy?", "According to the passage, miscarriage is caused most probably by   _  .", "National Childbirth Trust found that   _  .", "In this passage, the author mainly intends to   _  ."], "article": "Women should not drink any alcohol during pregnancy. A report released by NICE says. It says if they must drink, they should not do so in the first three months and should limit to one or two ounces once or twice a week afterwards. It replaces previous guidance of saying small daily amounts were fine.\nNICE decided to tighten its guidance partly because of the concern that people are now drinking more than in the past. Previous draft guidance suggested women should drink an ounce of alcohol a day once they were past the first three months of pregnancy. The Department of Health in England changed its guidance last year, calling for no drinking while pregnant or while trying to get pregnant. \nDrinking heavily in pregnancy can cause fetal alcohol syndrome  , which can leave children with features like small heads, widely spaced eyes and behavior or learning problems.\nThe experts said there was no evidence that several ounces once or twice a week would do any harm to the baby but could not categorically rule out   any risk. \nNational Childbirth Trust agreed women should limit their drinking during pregnancy.  \"Pregnant women who have had a few drinks often worry a great deal about whether they have harmed their baby. In general, it is believed that if a light infrequent drinker, in good health, drinks to the point of drunkenness on one occasion, the risk to her baby is small.\"\nNICE also made a number of other recommendations for the care of women in the UK who were pregnant or planning to get pregnant. It said vitamin D and folic acid   supplements should be offered by health staff to help avoid conditions such as rickets   and spina bifida  . Officials also called for local health officials to ensure equal support plans where mothers encourage new parents to breastfeed are set up. NICE also called for improvements in the care of pregnant women with diabetes. About 20;000 pregnancies each year are affected by diabetes and, therefore, carry, higher risk of miscarriage   and still birth. The guidance said women should get access to advice and support, in particular to achieve good blood sugar control before they get pregnant.", "id": "high23843.txt"}