{"answers": ["B", "A", "A", "B"], "options": [["Alejandra Pachecho and Rodrigo Cruz", "Alejandra Pachecho and Carl Khalid", "Alejandra Pachecho and Mirna Hazim", "Carl Khalid and Mirna Hazim"], ["thinks people can use phones in emergencies while driving", "has seen too many car accidents while driving", "lost a friend due to calling while driving", "advises drivers to pull over to use a phone"], ["her car broke down at an unknown place", "she tried to find a store to buy communication devices", "she wanted to find out the importance of a cell phone", "she felt lonely and wanted to talk with somebody"], ["Do you think it necessary to forbid using cell phones while driving?", "Should people be allowed to use cell phones while driving?", "Why should people use cell phones while driving?", "Is it necessary to use cell phones while driving?"]], "questions": ["Who have the same view about using cell phones while driving?", "According to the passage, Rodrigo Cruz  _  .", "Mirna Hazim called her brother one night when  _  .", "Which of the following is the topic of this interview involving the four persons?"], "article": "Alejandra Pachecho:No. Why not?That is because in this world some people drive very crazily. So most people who use cell phones to talk in the car usually pay more attention to what they are talking about than to driving. One of the reasons that I feel this way is that my friend had a car accident while using a cell phone. He lost his life and his friends did, too.     \nRodrigo Cruz:That depends. The advantages of using a cell phone while driving are that you can call the police if there is a car accident, call for help when somebody's car breaks down, and call when somebody needs something before arriving home or at the office. The disadvantage is that people get distracted when they are driving at the same time they are talking on a cell phone. It can cause car accidents.\nCarl Khalid:No. I would recommend if you want to use a cell phone while you're driving, pull over and take your time. You will avoid a lot of trouble. There are many advantages of using cell phones in cars. In emergencies such as accidents, a flat tire or engine problem, the cell phone is useful for calling 911 for help. Using the cell phone while driving can save time, but using it while driving can also cause a lot of problems such as missing a red light or signs, not watching cars, or not paying attention to the speed limit. It causes a lot of problems. All these problems could cause loss of concentration.     \nMirna Hazim:Yes. A cell phone is helpful; it is one of the most important communication devices. For example, if you want to talk with somebody for an important reason, you can. One time when I was coming back from work at 10 o'clock at night, I had a problem in my car. It wouldn't move. I was scared to go into a store to call my brother because I didn't know the places there. I thought it could be dangerous. That night I found out that owning a cell phone is important.", "id": "high23853.txt"}