{"answers": ["D", "B"], "options": [["the close connection between man and the fantasy world", "the wonderful achievements of fantasy literature", "the fine taste of moviegoers around the world", "the general existence of the sense of curiosity"], ["To show us the hidden beauty in our world.", "To warn us not to get lost in the fantasy world.", "To argue against the misuse of the sense of wonder.", "To discuss the influence of the world of make-believe."]], "questions": ["The popularity of The Lord of the Rings proves   _  .", "What is the main purpose of the passage?"], "article": "Humans are naturally drawn to other life forms and the worlds outside of our own. We take delight in the existence of creatures and even whole societies beyond our everyday lives.\nThis sense of wonder is universal. Look at the efforts that scientists have made to find out whether life of some kind exists on Mars, and the popularity of fantasy    literature or movies like The Lord of the Rings. This sense of wonder draws us to each other, to the world around us, and to the world of make-believe, but have we gone so far in creating worlds of fantasy that we are missing the pleasure of other worlds that already exist all around us?\nHuman beings, as biologists have suggested, possess an inborn desire to connect with and understand other life forms. However, people, especially in big cities, often lead rather isolated lives. In a study of British schoolchildren, it was found that children by age eight were much more familiar with characters from television shows and video games than common wildlife. Without modem technology, a small pond could be an amazing world filled with strange and beautiful plants, insects, birds, and animals. When we lack meaningful interaction with the world around us, and sometimes even with our families and friends, we seek to understand and communicate with things that exist only in our imaginations or on a computer screen.\nThe world of make-believe is not necessarily bad, but when the world of fantasy becomes the only outlet for our sense of wonder, then we are really missing something. We are missing a connection with the living world. Other wonderful worlds exist all around us. But even more interesting is that if we look closely enough,we can see that these worlds, in a broad sense ,are really part of our own.", "id": "high23851.txt"}