{"answers": ["A", "B", "A", "B"], "options": [["can be used for free", "is written by experts", "full of mistakes", "is a set of books"], ["has more professional writers", "is easier to edit and revise", "contains far more information", "is less well-known"], ["Encyclopedia can answer any question about every subject.", "Wikipedia can be edited by anyone.", "Some experts doubt the accuracy of information online.", "Wikipedia is a website with lots of information."], ["printed encyclopedia will lose their popularity.", "it is necessary to confirm information on Wikipedia.", "information on Wikipedia is available in any language.", "more and more mistakes will be found on Wikipedia."]], "questions": ["According to this passage, we can know that Wikipedia  _  .", "Compared with Britannica, Wikipedia  _  .", "Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage?", "From the passage, it can be inferred that  _  ."], "article": "We often use an Internet search engine to find a website that will provide information. For example, if we want to learn something about the Pepsi Cola Company, its website provides information about the history of the company. We can also find articles in newspapers and magazines. We confirm information with second and third sources to make sure the information is correct. Sometimes we also use an encyclopedia --- a set of books containing information on almost any subject. Encyclopedias are written by experts and have been a trust --- worthy source of information for years.\nNow there is also a free online encyclopedia called Wikipedia, which is written by people around the world. Anyone can edit or add to an article, but this has caused problems. Last year, a former editor of the paper USA Today discovered wrong information about him on Wikipedia. Someone had written an article that falsely linked him to a political assassination  . This wrong information was quickly corrected.\nAccording to a recent study by the publication Nature, Wikipedia has more mistakes, compared with Britannica --- a well-known printed encyclopedia. It found an average of four mistakes in a Wikipedia article, and three in an article of Britannica's. But Wikipedia supporters note that they are able to correct information when they find a mistake while written publications are not able to do this.\nWikipedia started in 2001. The word \"wiki\" comes from \"wiki wiki\", which means \"quickly\" in the Hawaiian language. It is said that it is the largest single source of information in history. It is also one of the fastest growing sites on the Internet.\nIt offers more than three million articles in more than two hundred languages. Each month, it records more than two billion page visits. Jimmy Wales, who helped start Wikipedia, says that its purpose is to provide everyone with a free encyclopedia written in their native language. You can find information on nearly every subject on Wikipedia. However, some experts warn people not to believe everything they read online, no matter where they read it.", "id": "high23860.txt"}