{"answers": ["A", "D", "C", "D"], "options": [["help readers prepare for studying in the U. S.", "warn people of the dangers of living in the U. S.", "promote the U. S. education system to overseas students", "make readers understand the benefits of studying in the U. S."], ["a place that he could not get used to", "a country where students can learn freely", "a dangerous place to live in without family or friends", "a place where people from different backgrounds get on well"], ["disappointed", "surprised", "excited", "nervous"], ["Attending all the classes.", "Getting all A's in the tests.", "Writing papers every week.", "Balancing different study requirements."]], "questions": ["The author wrote this passage to  _  .", "According to the author, America is  _  .", "When the author first visited Times Square, he felt  _  .", "According to the passage, which of the following is most challenging?"], "article": "Are you competitive enough to make it in America?\nThere is an undeniable excitement about coming to study in the U.S., but it's not all excitement. \nYes, it is America; it is the land of freedom; it's the place where different cultures clash ... and live together in peace. However, you guys might agree with me. it's not easy to leave home and the security of family, friends and people who love and care about us. And doing it raises some questions:\nIs it worth it? Are you equal to the challenge? You might be sitting in front of your computer watching a documentary about America, which shows you the breathtaking views of skyscrapers in New York, the beautiful warm weather in San Diego, and the huge parties along the beaches of the Sunshine State, Florida. \nJust so you know, it's all true. I remember how my heart was racing the first time I visited Times Square in New York. I can't find any words in the dictionary to describe how I felt at that moment. Someday, when you get lucky and go there, you will know what I mean.  \nUnfortunately, TV and movies never show the other side of what students must do to survive America. Education in the States is really different from other places. Yes, there is the traditional A, B, C, and D grading system, and you get to be on the Dean's List if you have all A's on your transcript. However, these grades don't just come from your test performances. The requirements of classes in the U.S. are much more varied and this is the biggest adjustment that overseas students have to manage.\nSome have papers that you have to write every week, others have group projects you must do with your classmates, presentations you make in the class, or research you do by yourself to prove your own idea. There comes a night when you have a couple of projects for different classes, a paper, and an exam to study for. And that night you ask yourself, \"What did I get myself into?\" \nI'm not trying to intimidate you, but you should know what it really is like to study in the States. One thing I can promise you is that it is worth all the hard work you put in. And the more time you give to your study, the more open doors you will have by the time you finish your degree.", "id": "high23864.txt"}