{"answers": ["B", "A", "B", "D"], "options": [["fish", "meet his friends", "prepare for his fishing", "develop a project"], ["Because he was afraid he would forget the things needed", "Because he would have so much fish to catch.", "Because the good time with his friends was uncertain.", "Because he wanted to buy some magazines on fishing."], ["one fishing rod", "two fishing rods", "three fishing rods", "twenty fishing rods"], ["Saturday's Fishing Trip", "A Happy Fishing Day", "An Unforgettable Fishing Day", "Preparing For a Fishing Trip"]], "questions": ["Dave went go Big Bear twice a year mainly to_.", "Why had Dave created a computer file named Fishing Trip?", "On Free Fishing Day, people going fishing could use_.", "Which of the following would be the best title for the text?"], "article": "Dave needed to prepare for Saturday's fishing trip. He went into his hall closet, where he had more than 20 rods and reels. Nowadays he went fishing twice a year at Big Bear, a huge lake in southern prefix = st1 /Californiaabout 7,000 feet up in the mountains.\nCalifornia tries to improve the fishing industry by sponsoring a Free Fishing Day twice a ear, once in June and once in September. That's enough for Dave. He went mostly because it was a social event with a few friends, not so much to catch fish. Even driving up a twisty two-lane road was worth the trip. Let alone the big, beautiful houses and trees that lined the shore of the lake.\nPreparing was a project in itself. Dace had even created a computer file named Fishing Trip. It was a checklist of 45 things to take to Big Bear. He took two rods, because on Free Fishing Day you were allowed to fish with two rods instead of the usual one rod. He took a sweatshirt, jeans, two pairs of socks, a heavy hooded jacket, winter gloves, and a scarf. He also took flip-flops, shorts, a T-shirt, sunglasses, a big hat, and lightweight raincoat. If you go to Big Bear in June, you'd better be prepared for hot or cold, rain or shine.\nHe prepared a couple of magazines to read just in case the fish weren't biting. He and his friends joked that the fish were always biting- in the spot you just left or the spot you were headed for.\nAfter about an hour and a half; Dave had gathered all the items on his list into a neat pile next to his door. He went to bed knowing that tomorrow's weather and fishing were unpredictable, but the good time with his friends was a given.", "id": "high23883.txt"}