{"answers": ["A", "B", "D", "B"], "options": [["He thought his son was doing the right thing.", "He advised him to stay at school to complete his education.", "He did not like the idea, but he helped Ron to find work.", "He knew there was a job for every boy who wanted one."], ["he worked well because he was interested in the job.", "his work at the supermarket was dull.", "being at work was much better than going to school.", "the store manager wanted to get rid of him"], ["He knew he would find work in Bournemouth.", "He took a job as a lorry driver", "He gave up the job because he felt unwell.", "He wanted to work at the seaside."], ["he got on well with manager there", "he knew how to keep the account of the business", "he had had experienced of selling books", "he was young and strong"]], "questions": ["What did Ron's father think about his leaving school?", "It took about a year for Ron to realize that", "Why did Ron leave the supermarket?", "Ron was able to take over the shoe shop because"], "article": "At sixteen Ron Mackie might have stayed at school, but the future called to him excitedly. Get out the classroom into a job.\" it said, and Ron obeyed .His father ,supporting the decision, found a place for him in a supermarket. \"You are lucky, Ron\", he said. \"For every boy with a job these days, there's a dozen without.\" So Ron joined the working world at twenty pounds a week.\nFor a year he spent his days filling shelves with tins of food. By the end of that time he was looking back on his schooldays as a time of treat variety and satisfaction. He searched for an interest in his work, with little success.\nOne fine day instead of going to work Ron got a lift on a lorry going south. With nine pounds in his pocket, a full heart and a great longing for the sea, he set out to make a better way for himself. That evening, in Bournemouth, he had sandwich and a drink in a cafe run by an eldly man and his wife. Before he had finished the sandwich, the woman had taken him on for the rest of the summer, at twenty pounds a week, a room upstairs and three meals a day. The ease and speed of it rather took Ron's breath away. At quiet times Ron had to check the old man's arithmetic in the records of the business.\nAt the end of the season, he stayed on the coast. He was again surprised how straightforward it was for a baby of seventeen to make a living. He worked in shops mostly, but once he took a job in hotel for three weeks. Late in October he was taken on by the sick manager of a shoe shop. Ron soon found himself in charge there; he was the only one who could keep the books.", "id": "high23887.txt"}