{"answers": ["B", "D", "A"], "options": [["life in the earthquake- hit areas", "starting to rebuild the earthquake - hit areas", "how to build houses in the earthquake - hit areas", "caring for people in the earthquake - hit areas"], ["so far only 1500 people have moved into the makeshift houses", "all the victims will be supplied with new houses in three years", "nowadays it's impossible for the victims to find jobs", "the victims are gradually returning to their normal life"], ["They lack proper and convenient communal facilities.", "They are built not by cement and bricks but by light - weight Steel or foamed plastic.", "A 3 - person family will get a house of 20 square meters.", "They are expected to be used at least for 3 years."]], "questions": ["On the whole, the article tells about   _  .", "It can be inferred from the text that   _  .", "Which of the following is FALSE about the makeshift houses mentioned in the text?"], "article": "Surrounded by far - away mountains and nearby downtown buildings, a large open field was filled with lines of blue and white houses. Several kids were laughing and playing table tennis inside a play room. Some old men were playing Chinese chess and a crowd of women chatting in front of two TV sets.\n    Two weeks after the deadly earthquake, the first batch of 1,500 people inprefix = st1 /Dujiangyan,SichuanProvince, one of the worst earthquake - hit cities, has finally settled into a peaceful life in a newly built temporary community.\n    \"Compared with tents, these simple houses make us feel more at home. My grandchild can go on with his study here,\" said an old woman.\n    These one - floor buildings are totally different from their old homes. Instead of cement and bricks, the houses are made of light- weight steel or foamed plastic  and can stand a 7 - magnitude earthquake. Each of the houses, featuring about 20 square meters, serves as a three - person family unit. The units have three beds and electricity. Each has its own postal address.\n    Communal  facilities will include showers, toilets and refectories . It is also planned that there should be one primary school, one hospital and one supermarket for every 1,000 homes. Everything will be free to the residents in possession of their identity cards, and work has already started in looking for jobs for the community.\n\"More than 1.5 million such  _  houses will be built inSichuan, which are expected to be in use for at least three years,\" said Minister of Housing and Urban - Rural Development Jiang Weixin. The government said over 5.93 million rooms in Sichuan had been leveled in the quake and more than 11 million people, which even outnumber the entire population of some countries such as Norway and New Zealand, became homeless. It is planned that all the victims will be housed by early August, and that they will stay in the temporary houses for between three and five years until permanent homes are built.", "id": "high23898.txt"}