{"answers": ["D", "A", "C"], "options": [["violent activities", "disease attack", "moving a lot", "heavy work"], ["having mental problems", "a danger to society", "physically disabled people", "being too lazy to do anything"], ["Most homeless people died of hunger and cold.", "The homeless should work hard to change their own situation.", "The homeless problem is a serious problem that need solving effectively.", "The homeless people have nothing to take when they move about."]], "questions": ["Homeless people suffer from all the following except   _  .", "The homeless are usually treated as   _  .", "What can we learn from the passage?"], "article": "Homelessness is a huge problem all over the world. It's said that each day there are about 1 million people living on the streets in the US. It is a serious problem which should be dealt with effectively.\nThere are two main reasons for people leaving their homes: poverty and less affordable houses due to bad economic conditions. Other reasons include: domestic violence, divorce, and mental illness. Living without a home makes people main targets of violence activities and besides, these homeless people have to face the following difficulties on a daily basis.\nThey have to move about, carrying their belongings, which makes it difficult for the charity and the government to help them. They have limited access to bathrooms and restrooms and are forced to live in dirty conditions, making them easy to be attacked by diseases. They have limited access to health-care facilities in case of emergency, and almost no access to education as they have no money. They are often ill-treated by society, which makes them unfriendly, often ending up being involved in activities connected with crime like selling drugs or guns.\nHomelessness is not something that happened overnight --- it has been in the country for decades. The society usually believes those living on the street to be mentally unstable. This belief is partially true. Most of them are normal people just like you and me.\nThe federal government is doing all it can to help but it is not enough, so the ordinary citizens have to stand up and try to help whenever it's possible. There are various organizations, such as charity organizations that are working constantly to make sure that homeless people find a shelter to live in. the united efforts have helped millions of people return to their normal lifestyle. However, there is still a long way to go before a better situation is created for all the homeless.", "id": "high2389.txt"}