{"answers": ["A", "B", "A", "C", "D"], "options": [["He seemed to be wearing too much.", "He was out on such a hot day.", "He walked quickly behind.", "He was a tall young man."], ["To test the young man.", "To lose the young man.", "To call the police.", "To get home earlier."], ["He got into another taxi.", "He tried to stop the taxi.", "He almost gave up following him.", "He made his way alongOrchard Road."], ["He threatened to take him to the police.", "He called the police.", "He said he would call the police.", "He talked to the police."], ["He was interested in elderly people.", "He often does such things.", "He was writing a book about old people.", "He needed materials for his article."]], "questions": ["What is strange about the man who followed the writer?", "Why did the writer get into a taxi?", "What did the stranger do when the writer jumped into a taxi?", "How did the writer have the stranger admit he was following him?", "Why did the stranger follow the writer?"], "article": "I was walking along prefix = st1 /Orchard Roadwhen I realized a tall young man wearing a jacket and tie was following me. I noticed him because not many people wear a jacket and tie in the middle of a hot summer day, and I had already seen this man four times that afternoon.\nTo make sure he was following me, I walked on quickly, turned right into a shopping center and then stopped to look in a shop window.  Soon the man appeared and stopped at another shop window. I walked on and stopped several times. When I stopped , he stopped too.\nI began to be rather worried and decided to try to lose this strange man.  When I saw a taxi coming, I jumped into it. As I was telling the taxi driver where to go, I found the man get into another taxi, which then followed mine. As the two taxies slowly made their way alongOrchard Road, I looked back at the taxi behind, and saw that the stranger was looking out at me. At MRT station, I told the taxi driver to stop and I got out. As I was paying my fare, I saw the man was getting out of his taxi.\nBy now I got angry, so I turned and walked straight to him.  I asked him why he was following me. At first he said he was not following me at all, but when I threatened  to call the police, he admitted he was.  He then told me that he was a journalist(news reporter) and that he was writing an article on how elderly people inSingaporespend their time. He said he was observing me to gather materials for his article.", "id": "high23892.txt"}