{"answers": ["D", "B", "A"], "options": [["Hiking", "Mountain  biking", "Hose-riding", "Cross-country skiing"], ["it was mainly the French people started the beginning of Alpine ski sport", "if you are lucky ,you can watch Spengler Cup Ice Hockey Tournament in Davos", "Davos has thousands of years' skiing tradition", "World Economic Forum is held every two years in Dovos"], ["Davos--the highest Alpine resort in Europe", "Davos--an ideal place for finding peace.", "Davos--the best town in the world.", "Davos--a paradise for day-dreamers"]], "questions": ["In Summer, which sport is ideal in Davos except_.", "It can be inferred from the passage that_.", "What would be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "Davos----the highest Alpine resort in Europe offers all the amenities of a  small town, while nestling in landscape of unspoilt natural beauty and marvelous mountain splendor . Davos is ideal for an active holiday in a magnificent mountain setting. Whether in summer or winter, you can almost enjoy every type of sport. Skiing, snowboarding, cross-country skiing and ice-sports in winter. Hiking, running, mountain biking, golfing and water sports in summer. Tennis, squash, horse-riding, hand-gliding and paragliding are year-round attractions, Spengler Cup Ice Hockey Tournament and the UBS Snowboard World Championships are just a few of the highlights from an impressive palette of sporting attractions. \nDuring the last 35 years, Davos has firmly established itself as a successful and competitive international congress venue  , despite its slightly distant location. World Economic Forum for example, is held here annually. The town's strong point lies in its contrast to the conventional congress resort, offering an inviting combination of education and relaxation far from the hustle and bustle of city life. \nDavos boasts a long skiing tradition. At the turn of the 19thcentury it was mainly the British, who together with a few local people influenced the beginning of Alpine ski sport. The world's first ski lift was opened at Bolgen in 1934. Parts of this lift are now exhibited in the Davos Winter Sports Museum. But Davos was not just one of the pioneers of Alpine skiing. It was also one of the first resorts to recognize and support snowboarding as a sign of the times rather than just an insignificant passing trend. By the beginning of the 1990's,Davos had already gained a reputation as a snowboarding Mecca ,a reputation which has grown with every passing year. \nWonderful winter days can be spent without skis. At the coldest time of year, 84 km of well-prepped winter walking paths offer an irresistible invitation to discover the fresh Davos countryside. Thy snowshoe hiking,  definitely different way to cheer up on sunshine and energy. And if you dream of soaring the Alpine skies with a paraglider or a color1ful hang-glider,wintertime Davos can make your dreams come true!\nDavos,the largest mountain resort of Europe,offers unforgettable natural experiences and a broad range of delights. And anyone favoring the tranquil idyll over the anxious life in the thriving center, will find peace and quiet at heart of nature in the wide Davos outdoors.", "id": "high23910.txt"}