{"answers": ["B", "C", "C"], "options": [["The wrong doings of the children.", "The difficulties from keeping a big family in a hard period of time.", "Her father's disloyalty to the family.", "The poor relationship between her father and the children."], ["his improved financial condition", "his increased age", "the good effect of his second wife", "his own children's continuous efforts"], ["Happiness is easy to find in fixed families", "Love is blind.", "Love gives birth to love.", "Divorces are very harmful to young children."]], "questions": ["According to the speaker, what contributed to her parents' divorce?", "According to the passage, her father became closer to his own children later because of   _  .", "What message does the speaker want to convey in this story?"], "article": "Penelope Leach, a famous British psychologist once said: \"Loving a child is a round business. The more you give, the more you get, the more you want to give.\" Her clever remark about parent-child relationship proves to be true of my blooded family.  Born in 1928 and as the youngest of 5 children, I learned to share everything with my brothers and sisters including my parents' love. Raising 5 children during the difficult times of the Great Depression took its toll on my parents' relationship and resulted in their divorce when I was 18 years old. Daddy never had very close relationships with his children and drifted even farther away from us after the divorce.\nAfter some years, an amazing woman entered into his life, and they were married. She had two sons, one of them still at home. Under her influence, we became a \"fixed family\" and a good relationship developed between the two families. She has always treated us as if we were her own children. Father and our stepmother shared life over twenty-five years together before our father passed away. At the time of his death, a question came up.  It's about my mother, Daddy's first wife, attending his funeral. I will never forget the unconditional love shown by my stepmother when I asked her if she would object to Mother attending Daddy's funeral. Without giving it a second thought, she immediately replied, \"Of course not, Honey. She's the mother of my children.\"", "id": "high23936.txt"}