{"answers": ["D", "B", "C"], "options": [["It is nearly a year now since the writer entered Fudan University.", "The writer doesn't have a good understanding of freedom.", "Three interesting things are mentioned about the writer's life in this passage.", "The writer is getting on well with the life in Fudan University."], ["freedom means doing whatever you like", "freedom and responsibility go hand in hand in reality", "freedom means respecting others' responsibility", "others must sacrifice anything for one's freedom"], ["love among students is still forbidden in Fudan University", "students are encouraged to find someone to fall in love with", "students are encouraged to communicate with the opposite sex", "there are more girls than boys in the Chemistry Department"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, which of the following statements is TRUE?", "The writer is likely to agree that  _  .", "Based on what the instructor said, we can learn that   _  ."], "article": "How time flies! One month has passed before I could take any notice of it. This is the start of my freshman year in Fudan University. At the very beginning, everything and everyone was strange to me. But now, I'm getting used to it. I'd like to tell you two important and interesting things in my university life.\n    Freedom is what I am looking forward to since my primary school. Many people said to me, \"Study hard, and you will get freedom when in university.\" But when I really entered university, I find the real situation is different. Freedom costs me a lot. If I refuse to wash my clothes, for example, they will just lie there, unclean. So I have to do everything and take care of myself. Well, I like this life style very much though it is hard at the beginning. It is really a challenge for me. \n    I appreciate a famous saying from Albert Camus, \"Freedom is nothing but a chance to be better.\" That's right. Real freedom comes with responsibility. Some teenagers believe that freedom means doing whatever you like. But I think that is not real freedom at all. One can have his or her own freedom, while at the same time respect others'. It's not easy to think on behalf of others. And now I have the precious chance to practice it.\n   Another thing I want to mention is love. Now, something interesting in Fudan is that love exists everywhere. For instance, the first lesson of my English class is about love. A small play at the Freshmen Welcome Party called \"Turn Left and Turn Right\" is about students' love in Fudan. Some of my roommates have boyfriends. At night, while lying in bed, we always share their love stories. What's more, even our instructor once said, \"In our department, girls are more than boys. So we'll have a party with the Chemistry Department, in which the situation is just the opposite.\" I was surprised about the attitude towards love here. Is she encouraging us to find someone to fall in love with? I cannot understand it quite well.\n   The above are the two things that impressed me most at the very beginning of my freshmen year, and surely I'll get more out of my university life in the future.", "id": "high23946.txt"}