{"answers": ["A", "B", "D"], "options": [["Parents mustn't enter the room if not permitted.", "Children's decision is more important than parents'.", "Parents should show respect to their children.", "Children usually don't know how to respect others."], ["help choose the way for their children", "let their children choose the road of life", "pay for their children to receive further study", "try their best to meet the needs of their children"], ["unforgettable", "unsuccessful", "pleased", "unhappy"]], "questions": ["Which of the following probably makes the child disappointed?", "In order to build a good parent-child relation, parents should_.", "According to this passage we can know that Chinese children's childhood was_."], "article": "Many Chinese parents think as long as the child is watched by people, there is no danger. But from the start, when the child is born, he needs to communicate with others, especially the communication with parents. Many children in our country are growing up in the environment which lacks a sense of security and love. They want to get back the love lost in childhood but never catch it.\nOn the one hand, Chinese like saving faces; on the other hand, they want to encourage their children to be aspirants . They often say how hard somebody else is studying, how good their grades are, and what prize they get. This comparison is the worst thing especially when they say it before many people. Each time you compare your children to others, you will only bring them much disappointment and pain.\nParents should knock at the door when they go into the room of their children. They should get permission before they move something of their children. Parents should first communicate with their children and consider their decisions. Parents should respect their children, and consider them as adults. This respect should begin from changing diapers. Before changing diapers for the children, parents should tell them. Children who do not be respected also do not know how to respect others.\nMany parents have high hopes for their children, and force them to the way that they think is right, even if the kids do not fit, or do not like, such as playing the piano or going abroad. Under this kind of pressure, children become unhappy and the quality time becomes a struggling period. When children recall their childhood, all memories are unhappy, which is indeed the failure of some parents.", "id": "high23955.txt"}