{"answers": ["A", "D"], "options": [["it built a like among people", "it helped unite a community", "it was a source of self- education", "it was a source of pleasure"], ["Students are becoming less interested in poetry", "Students are poorly educated in high school", "TV and the Intemet are more attractive than poetry", "Poems have become difficult to understand"]], "questions": ["Reading poems is thought to be a social act in the nineteenth century because  _  .", "According to the passage, what is the main cause of the great gap between readers and poetry?"], "article": "Reading poems is not exactly an everyday activity for most people. In fact, many people never read a poem once they get out of high school.\nIt is worth reminding ourselves that this has not always been the case in prefix = st1 /America. In the nine-tenth century, a usual American activity was to sit around the fireside in the evening and read poems aloud. It is true that there was no television at the time, nor movie theaters, nor World Wide Web, to provide _ However, poems were a source of pleasure, of self - education, of connection to other people or to the world beyond one ' s own  community. Reading them was a social act as well as an individual one, and perhaps even more social than individual. Writing poems to share with friends and relations was, like reading poems by the fireside, another way in which poetry has a place in everyday life.\nHow did things change? Why are most Americans no longer comfortable with poetry , and why do most people today think that a poem has nothing to tell them and that they can do well without poems?\nThere are, I believe, three factors: poets, teachers, and we ourselves. Of these, the least important is the third: the world surrounding the poem has betrayed   us more than we have betrayed the poem. Early in the twentieth century, poetry in English headed into directions unfavor-able to reading of poetry. Readers decided that poems were not for the fireside or the easy chair at night, and that they belonged where other difficult-to-read things belonged.\nPoets failed the reader, so did teachers. They want their students to know something about the skills of a poem, they want their students to see that poems mean something. Yet what usually occurs when teachers push these concerns on their high school students is that young people decide poems are unpleasant crossword puzzles.", "id": "high23963.txt"}