{"answers": ["A", "C", "C", "B"], "options": [["Teens, Television and Depression", "Men Develop Depression Easier than Women", "Media Use is Harmful to Adolescents", "Take Great care of Teenager's depression"], ["teenagers are more likely to develop depression than adults", "other media uses do no harm to adolescents", "TV probably causes teenagers to grow up with depression", "those who watch no TV will not develop depression"], ["computer games are teenagers' favorite", "most teenagers prefer to listen to the radio", "teenagers enjoy watching TV very much", "newspaper is not included in the survey"], ["play more video games instead of watching TV", "be active in taking part in outdoor activities", "be more active in watching educational TV programmers", "attend religious services and care for politics"]], "questions": ["The best title for this passage should be  _  .", "The result of the research seems to prove  _  .", "We can learn from the survey that of all the media use", "We can conclude that a teenager should   _"], "article": "The researchers used a national long-term survey of adolescent health to investigate  the relationship between media use and depression. They based their findings on more than four thousand adolescents who were not depressed when the survey began in 2000.\n     As part of the survey, the young people were asked how many hours of television or videos they watched daily. They were also asked how often they played computer games and listened to the radio. Media use totaled an average of five and one-half hours a day. More than two hours of that was spent watching TV.\n      Seven years later, in 2007, more than seven percent of the young people had signs of depression. The average age at that time was twenty-one.\n      The researchers say they did not find any such relationship with the use of other media such as movies, video games or radio, etc. But the study did find that every extra hour of television meant an eight percent increase in the chances of developing signs of depression. Young men were more likely than young women to develop depression given the same amount of media use.\n      The study didn't explore if watching TV causes depression. But one possibility is that it was taking time away from activities that could help prevent depression.\n      Last December, the journal Social Indicators Research published a study of activities that help lead to happy lives. Sociologists from theprefix = st1 /UniversityofMarylandfound that people who describe themselves as happy spend less time watching television than unhappy people. The study found that happy people are more likely to he socially active, to read, attend religious services and to vote.", "id": "high23961.txt"}