{"answers": ["A", "B", "C"], "options": [["Birthday present offers new direction in life", "How I become a rock star", "The guitar for my birthday", "My writing work"], ["he is going to be a scientist.", "he is really going to be a rock star", "he is normal for not wanting to do his work any more", "he has been given the simple work of writing a short story."], ["The author managed to finish his homework", "The author was not good at writing stories", "The author didn't finish that story", "The author went to the college as expected"]], "questions": ["What's the best title of the passage?", "The guitar reminds the author that   _  .", "Which of the following is RIGHT?"], "article": "I got a guitar for my birthday, and since then I have been struggling. It's kind of sad. To be honest, it is surprising how many problems are caused by such little things in the life of a teenage . It has awakened another side of myself within me. And it couldn't have happened at a worse time.\nI'm a senior. I'm going to graduate soon and I know what college I'm going to. And now I have to deal with the little voice in my head constantly reminding me that I'm going to be a rock star., not a scientist. So you can see my problem. A few weeks ago I was given the seemingly simple task of writing a short story. No specifics, no strict rules on organization. Just write. So I sat down to create a beautiful work of fiction that would surprise my teacher and classmates. To be honest, this is an area I generally feel very strong in. Writing , that is. I really enjoy it and such writing tasks used to take the least amount of time. So I was trying to write my story, and across the room lies my beautiful birthday present.\n \"Once upon a time,\" I wrote. Then I stopped, turned in my chair, and stared for a moment at the instrument. And then my reflection started dancing and singing. I wasn't moving, but it sure was..\nSo I grabbed my guitar and plucked a string  . The note sang out pure and heavenly, and there was no stopping what was coming. I sat rocking with my guitar until late into the night. I was sure I was preparing for the future much more efficiently now that I wasn't spending time writing stories.\nNeedless to say, no story was written, and many doubts arose in my mind. Since then, I have constantly asked, \"Am I normal for not wanting to do my work anymore?\" More importantly, though, I learned I am really going to be a rock star.", "id": "high23975.txt"}