{"answers": ["C", "C", "D", "B"], "options": [["10 seats.", "19 seats.", "34 seats.", "44 seats."], ["they can take up less space", "they can hold more people", "passengers can feel more comfortable", "passengers can watch a movie"], ["go to the front of the bus to get it", "get off the bus to buy some by yourself", "change the direction of the seat", "ring the bell on your sofa"], ["the bus can pick up as many passengers as before", "the owners get more money by offering better service", "the bus fare remains the same as before", "the bus is as crowded as it was before"]], "questions": ["How many airplane seats did they put in a bus originally?", "The direction and height of the sofas can be changed so that   _  .", "If you are thirsty and want to have a drink while sitting in the bus, you'd better   _  .", "Though there are fewer seats on the buses,   _  ."], "article": "The bus is a usable form of transportation all over the world because we can easily take it to go everywhere. Also, we do not need to worry about danger on a long-distance trip. Now, we have comfortable buses in London. I would like to describe how comfortable they are. First, the number of seats on a bus has been reduced from 44 to 19. The reason why the number of seats is now 19 is that the seats have been changed to big and comfortable sofas.\nOriginally, they changed the normal seats to airplane seats and took out ten seats from the buses. However, every customer wanted to have a more comfortable seat on the bus when they went on long-distance trips, so they changed them to sofas. Also, the owners of the bus companies wanted to make more money, so they tried to meet the passengers' needs. They changed the airplane seats to sofas, so the number of seats is now 19.\nAs the new buses appear, the prices go up, too. The owners have many ideas, which you have probably never thought about before. Now they have bus attendants who serve water, snacks, newspapers, and towels.\nAlso, you can change the direction and the height of the sofa to make yourself more comfortable, and there is a service bell on each sofa. Moreover, some companies show movies on the buses. In addition, when you go on a long-distance trip, they have luxurious  buses that have an LCD screen on each seat. That is not the only surprising thing on the bus. They also have different TV channels, movie channels, and seventy TV games for killing time while you are on the bus.", "id": "high23991.txt"}