{"answers": ["B", "C", "B"], "options": [["often traveled by bus on her own", "enjoy going to work by public transport", "found a better job now than before", "was born into a wealthy family"], ["The old lady", "The dog", "One of those youngsters", "The author"], ["There is no place like home.", "There is kindness to be found everywhere", "The early bird catches the worm", "Nothing is difficult to the man who will try."]], "questions": ["From the first passage, we can learn that the author   _  .", "According to the passage, who ought to get off the bus?", "Which of the following statements best shows the theme of the passage?"], "article": "Many years ago I lived in a western country. My very first job was in the city and I was excited to go to work by public transport! I had never been employed before and my chances of travelling on a bus by myself had always been very slim. So, I was very happy with my new lifestyle!\nI left home each morning in time to catch the 8.05 bus from the main road. One autumn morning I could see the bus approaching. I could also see an elderly lady walking with a lovely dog beside her. There were some youngsters behind her. \nThe bus arrived and we got on. Only eight passengers were permitted to travel standing. I was inside the bus when the conductor called, \"Only eight standing passengers! Could the last one to get on please get off?\" I saw those youngsters inside, right in front of me, and it occurred that they had jumped the queue!\nI turned and saw the elderly lady with her dog about to get off. I moved quickly to get in front of her. I encouraged her to stay, knowing very well I would be late that morning, but it didn't bother me. It was only as I moved past her to get off the bus that I realized -- she was blind! Her dog was her guide dog! \nWell, I eventually got to the office. After the day's work I went to the bus stand in front of my office to make the return journey. What a pleasant surprise! The lady and her dog were there! I was really pleased because I would get a better chance to speak with her. I started the conversation and she recognized my Asian accent! She asked if I was the same person who helped her that morning. Amazing! From there onwards it was one long happy conversation.\nThese beautiful memories are still fresh in my mind. By helping others, I feel content!", "id": "high23996.txt"}