{"answers": ["C", "B", "D", "C"], "options": [["writing for newspapers.", "teaching magazine writing.", "writing stories and activities for children.", "teaching small community college classes."], ["she was badly paid as a journalist", "the job didn't seem challenging or creative", "she was not good at writing at college", "she likes teaching better than writing."], ["where Jan Fields graduated", "where she cooperates with other writers.", "where writing materials are on sale", "children are taught writing by Jan Fields."], ["Jan fields is now working for magazines like Scheduled Events, and Writer's Retreat.", "Jan has stopped writing for magazines related to children, education and parenting.", "Jan works for web sections like Writer's Support Room and Writing Tips.", "The passage is an advertisement to sell a children's church curricula."]], "questions": ["Jan Fields finds  _   what she really wants most.", "Jan Fields gave up her first two jobs mainly because  _  .", "It can be inferred that the Institute of Children's Literature is  _  .", "Which of the following is true according to the passage ?"], "article": "Our Web Editor Jan Fields has always loved two things----writing and teaching, so she's done both throughout her professional career. After graduating from college with a BA in Journalism, she quickly found that writing for newspapers didn't fulfill her dream. So she switched to magazines and soon began teaching magazine writing. Still, something didn't feel quite right. She wanted more challenges and creativity.\nIn the 1980s, Jan answered a call to rewrite a year's children's church lesson. She quickly found That writing stories and activities for children offered all she desired. She dove in and has never looked back. Her work has appeared in Ladybug, Shining Star and many others. \nAs Jan continued building credits in children's magazines, educational magazines, and parenting Magazines, she looked for opportunities to pass along what she had learned to other writers. Soon, teaching small community college classes wasn't enough---she wanted to help other writers to find success in creating material for children. \nIn 2001, she discovered the Institute of Children's Literature and she's been happily instructing students here ever since. To best meet her students' needs, she's constantly searching out new information. As a web editor, Jan looks after the needs of all the visitors to this site. She moderates the Scheduled Events discussion groups and the Writer's Retreat forum, writes for the Writer's Support Room, and edits the Writer's Support Room and Writing Tips articles. \nJan is always open to suggestions for new ways to meet the needs of the writing community. Feel free to email her. She's eager to hear from you.", "id": "high24009.txt"}