{"answers": ["B", "A", "C", "C"], "options": [["impossible to be accepted", "difficult to be put into practice", "liked by nobody", "not yet necessary to be put into practice"], ["cars with more people are needed to solve traffic problems", "commuters should go to work by bike", "cars with fewer people are needed to solve traffic problems", "we should reduce car production"], ["should go to work every other day", "should go by bus", "had better share one's car and ask for lifts", "shouldn't go to work by car"], ["you drive at night", "you leave your car in the street", "your car is still parked in the street when the given time is finished", "you park car in other's places"]], "questions": ["The suggestion that commuters should share their cars is_.", "The passage implies_.", "In order to reduce traffic commuters_,", "You have to pay a fine if_."], "article": "City traffic is a great problem. More cars are produced every year and the streets are getting more and more crowded. So during \"rush hours\", when people are going to or from their work, traffic is brought to a standstill. It has been suggested that commuters--the people who travel to work every day from outside the city--should share their cars and give each other lifts. So each car would carry four or five people instead of only one. It is an excellent idea., however, so far nobody has been able to think of a way to make people do so.\nTo discourage motorists from leaving their cars in the streets all day, parking meters  are used. When you park at a meter, you must put a coin in the slot . This pays for a certain amount of time. The meter records this and it shows when the time that you have paid for is finished. If the car is still there then, you have to pay a fine.\nTraffic wardens  look after the meters. They walk around the streets and check that every meter shows that money has been paid for the car parked there. If a meter shows 'TIME EXPIRED', the motorist who has left his car there is fined. Of course, the traffic warden can not wait for the owner of the car to return. He carries many printed forms, and on one of these he writes down all the details, such as the number of the car, where it is parked, how much the driver must pay and where he must send the money. He leaves this form on the car, where the driver will be able to see it easily; he usually pushes it under one of the windscreen wipers  so that it will not be blown away. And in case it rains before the motorist returns, the form is put in a little plastic envelope to protect it. When the driver comes back, he gets an unpleasant surprise, but it is his own fault for leaving his car too long at parking meter.", "id": "high24010.txt"}