{"answers": ["B", "A", "C"], "options": [["know more about cultures", "know better about human nature", "know more about photography", "know better about an event"], ["common people", "important people", "strange people", "poor people"], ["developing interest in photographing people", "developing skills in photographing people", "taking pictures of people as a study of humanity", "taking pictures of people in different environments"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, a picture that shows the emotions and humanity of people may help you   _  .", "It is suggested in this passage that you photograph   _  .", "In this passage, the author mainly talks about   _  ."], "article": "When you think of photographing people, you may think of your family reunion or the Christmas party at work. These types of pictures of people are records of fun events with nice memories. Let's take a look at another idea for taking pictures of people, with an entirely different slant. \n    Much as anthropologists   study the diversity of characteristics of people in cultural and environmental contexts, some photographers record these aspects of people in their pictures. They try to capture the emotions and humanity of people, and the photograph draws the viewer into the subject's experience at that moment in time. \n    Taking pictures of people with this goal in mind makes the photographer and the viewer grow in the understanding of human nature. For example, a photograph of a young man trying to hitch a ride   in the rain can show the experience. His poncho   sparkles with the raindrops flowing in a steady stream to the ground. The lights of passing traffic highlight the contrast between the warm, dry drivers, taking no notice of his misery. Another picture of a child sleeping on a bench at a busy train station can capture the innocence of childhood contrasted with a busy world of hurried grown-ups.\n    If you'd like to experiment with this form of photographs of people, look for ordinary people in contrasting environments or contexts. Children and the elderly pose extraordinary possibilities. The lined faces of the aged often make great subjects, reflecting character and wisdom. People are such interesting subjects. Facial expressions can convey a thousand moods and feelings.\n    Taking pictures of people with an eye to the feel and magic of the moment will make you a better and more enthusiastic photographer. You may find yourself so taken with this new experience. Photographing people is an artful endeavor. Take the leap!", "id": "high24023.txt"}