{"answers": ["D", "A", "D"], "options": [["by fighting enemies together", "by hiding themselves from enemies", "by attacking enemies with chemicals", "by making themselves taste unpleasant"], ["Many plants are connected by internal channels.", "Different plants form a communication network.", "Plants tend to look for information they need.", "All plants share information with each other."], ["Existence in the prefix = st1 /GreenKingdom", "Competition in the GreenKingdom", "Communication with Green Plants", "Communication of the GreenKingdom"]], "questions": ["We can infer from the passage that clover plants that receive a warning protect themselves against enemies   _  .", "Which of the following statements is true according to the passage?", "The best title for this passage may be   _  ."], "article": "For most of history scientists and mankind in general considered plants to be passive organisms just with no reason or means of communicating with one another. But new research has revealed that many plants actually 'chat' quite a bit over their own networks, which may also indicate that your auntisn't quite as crazy as you thought. You know, the one that talks to her petunias   and expects an answer. \n    In fact, many plants form internal   communication networks and are able to exchange information efficiently. These connections enable the plants to share information via internal channels in a manner very similar to computer networks. So what kind of things do plants tell each other? \n    Researcher Josef Stuefer found that one purpose for plants having their own \"chat systems\" is to warn each other. He and his colleagues were the first to prove that clover   plants do indeed warn each other via these network links if enemies are nearby. For example, if one of the plants is attacked by caterpillars  , it will warn the other members of the network via an internal signal. After receiving a warning, the other plants will strengthen their protective chemical and mechanical resistance so that they are less attractive to advancing caterpillars. This early warning system allows the plants to stay one step ahead of their enemies. Experimental research has revealed that this communication significantly limits the damage to the plants. \n    It is also known that plants have \"family values\", with new research revealing they have the ability to recognize close  s in order to help each other survive. Research found plants from the same species of beach-dwelling wildflowers, for example, grew aggressively   alongside unrelated neighbors but were less competitive when they shared soil with their siblings. Some researchers think that plants must communicate through their roots, identifying themselves using tiny chemical signatures specific to each plant's family.\nThe research shows that our current concept of plants is probably a poor reflection of reality. Scientists are eager to discover in what ways, and to what extent, plants communicate with each other.", "id": "high24022.txt"}