{"answers": ["A", "A", "D"], "options": [["The Harbourside Development and the Australian Wildlife Park.", "The Harbourside Development and Taronga zoo.", "The Australian Wildlife Park and Taronga zoo.", "The Australian Museum and Taronga Zoo."], ["The Australian Museum", "The Australian Wildlife Park", "The Harbourside Development", "Taronga Zoo"], ["Kangaroos, kola bears and rainforest birds.", "Kangaroos, rainforest birds and monkeys.", "Kangaroos, kola bears, rainforest birds, East Asian monkeys and snakes.", "Kangaroos, kola bears, rainforest birds, East Asian monkeys and sea-life."]], "questions": ["According to the text, where can a tourist get souvenirs in Sydney?", "If the visiting time is very short and you still want to have a good knowledge of the whole Australia, you'd better go to  _  .", "What animals can you see in these four places?"], "article": "The Harbourside Development is one of the world's most exciting places to shop. It is right on the edge of Sydney Harbour, and there are over 200 shops, selling everything from home-made sweets to the latest clothes in fashion; from Australian souvenirs to Swiss watches and Japanese cameras. \nThe Australian Wildlife Park has been specially built to give people an extra close look at Australia's native animals. Have your photo taken with a kangaroo, touch and feed koala bears. There are talks every afternoon about these animals, which are only found in this part of the world. There is also an excellent souvenir shop. \nA visit to the Australian Museum is like an adventure across Australia. There are shows on the people and their way of life, and the whole continent. Talks and guided tours help to make your visit unforgettable. There is also a cafe and a good book shop, selling excellent maps. \nTaronga Zoo has Australia's finest collection of rainforest birds and sea-life centre which has many of the fish that can be found off the coasts of Australia and New Zealand. Taronga is also famous for its large group of South East Asian monkeys. Fast food can be got at cafes.", "id": "high24024.txt"}