{"answers": ["B", "A", "C", "D"], "options": [["Nobody could prepare lunch for him every day.", "He had nobody to keep the shop when he went for lunch.", "He was too busy to have lunch every day.", "He couldn't find a person to work at the shop."], ["Because he thought he would be asked to keep the shop.", "Because the shopkeeper invited him to lunch then.", "Because the shop was closed at that time.", "Because he want to buy cheap things then."], ["everything in his shop was stolen", "the thief became the new owner of the shop", "there was a fighting in his shop", "the thief helped his fellows steal things from his shop"], ["once a thief, he will always be a thief", "an honest man will be responsible for his action", "you can't believe in a dishonest man forever", "trust can change a thief into an honest man"]], "questions": ["What is the problem for the shopkeeper?", "Why did the thief go to the shop at 1:00 p.m.?", "When the shopkeeper returned from lunch, he found   _  .", "From the passage, we can infer that   _  ."], "article": "There once was a very honest shopkeeper whose business was to provide goods to the local people. He would open his shop at 8:00 a.m. after having his breakfast and at 1:00 p.m. he would go for lunch. In the evening at 8:30 p.m. he closed his shop to complete his daily routine.\nHowever, to get time for lunch was really difficult because he didn't have anybody to help him at that time. Therefore, it was his daily practice that whichever customer was shopping at 1:00 p.m. would be asked to oversee   the shop until the shopkeeper returned from lunch. \nOne day, a group of four thieves planned to steal from his shop while he was gone for lunch. One of the thieves went at 1:00 p.m. to be the customer that would be asked to oversee the shop.\nThe thief, pretending to be a customer, went in at 1:00 p.m. and started buying several items. As planned, the shopkeeper asked the thief to sit on his chair for thirty minutes until he returned from lunch. Then, the other three thieves quickly came and told the pretend customer to help, but something had changed within him and he knew deeply in his heart that if he was given responsibility for the shop, he should not perform any dishonest acts during that time. His friends did not agree. As the now honest man tried to stop them, they resisted   and a fight started. And at the same time the shopkeeper returned and asked why there was a fighting. The now honest man explained the entire plan. The shopkeeper had been searching for an honest man who could take ownership of the shop and run it. The shopkeeper felt that he had found the right man.", "id": "high24035.txt"}