{"answers": ["C", "B", "A"], "options": [["London", "Oxford", "Stratford - upon - Avon", "the school of his hometown"], ["sold the stolen rabbits and deer", "looked after horses", "was put into prison", "set up a company of his own"], ["Shakespeare wrote as many as eleven plays in his life.", "Shakespeare wrote not only plays but also poems.", "Shakespeare was a play writer.", "In the late 1590s Shakespeare bought a large property for himself."]], "questions": ["Shakespeare was forced to run away from   _  .", "In London he  _  .", "Which of the following is NOT true?"], "article": "Most people heard of Shakespeare  and probably know something of his plays. However, not everybody knows much about the life of this world - famous man, except perhaps that he was born in the market town of Stratford - upon - Avon and that he married a woman called Anne Hathaway. We know nothing of his school life.\nNothing certain is known of what he did between the time he left school and his leaving home for London. It is said that he was beaten and even put in prison for stealing rabbits and deer from a neighboring landowner, and because of this he was forced to leave his native place.\nWhatever caused him to leave his hometown, the world can be thankful about it. When he arrived in London, he set his foot on the road to farm.  It is said that he was without money or friends there at first, but that he made a little money by taking care of the horses of the gentlemen who attended the plays at the theatre. In time, he came to know the doctors in the theatre, and they found him clever. Finally he was invited to join their company. By 1592, he had become one of the three members of a famous company.\nFrom what we know of his later life, it is clear that Shakespeare' s connection with theatre had made him a wealthy man since he wrote the plays, which attracted a good many people. Towards the end of the 16th century he bought a large property in Stratford. No less than eleven of his plays were produced after he went back there. These include the great tragedies Othello, Macbeth and King Lear.\nShakespeare died in 1616. Some years earlier he chose it gravestone . He wrote on the stone that if anyone might remove his body from his grave, he would bring bad luck on him.\nIt seems strange that he should have had this fear. He might have known how deeply he was respected for the genius he showed in his plays and poems.", "id": "high24032.txt"}