{"answers": ["B", "D", "C", "D"], "options": [["Men worked at a job to earn money for the family.", "The woman made most of decisions.", "The woman stayed at home to care the children.", "The man paid the bills."], ["young couples refuse the traditional relationship", "the woman has a job and earns the money for the family", "the woman doesn' t stay at home and care for the children and the house", "the role of men and women has begun to change"], ["have their roles that are comfortable for them", "work or stay at home", "leave their jobs just because they have children", "marry or to stay single"], ["they may choose to have children or not", "the man may take care of the children some of the time", "the woman may want to go to work", "the woman is the most important person in the house"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is NOT true in the traditional marriage ?", "In recent years  _  .", "Men and women may now choose all the following EXCEPT to  _  .", "The following are all now true EXCEPT  _  ."], "article": "In the traditional marriage, the man worked at a job to earn money for the family. Most men worked in an office, a factory, or some other place away from the home. Since the man earned the money, they paid the bills. The money was used for food, -clothes, the house, and other family needs, the man made most of the decisions. He was the boss.\nIn the traditional marriage, the woman seldom worked away from the house. She stayed at home to care for the children and her husband. She cooked meals, cleaned the house, washed the clothes, and did other housework. Her job at home was very important.\nIn recent years, many couples continues to have a traditional relationship of the kind. The man has a job and earns the money for the family. The woman stays at home and cared for the children and the house. Many Americans are happy with the kind of marriage. But some other Americans have a different impression of marriage and family responsibilities.\nThere are two important differences in male and female roles now. One is that both men and women have many more choices. They may choose to marry or to stay single. They may choose to work or stay at home.  Both men and women may choose roles that are comfortable for them.\nA second difference in male and female roles is that within marriage many decisions and responsibilities are shared. The husband and wife may choose to have children, or they may not. If they have children, the man takes care of them some of the time, all of the time or not at all. The woman may want to stay at home and take care of the children, or she may vant to go to work. Men and women now decide these things together in a marriage. Many married people now share these decisions and responsibilities of their families.", "id": "high24034.txt"}