{"answers": ["B", "A", "D"], "options": [["His love for wild animals.", "His depression in middle age.", "His wish to travel around Mexico.", "His dream of writing a book travels"], ["To earn money for his trip.", "To collect pictures for his book.", "To remember the people he met.", "To give them to the people he met as a gift."], ["They all began their travels from Canada.", "They were all born in the 20th century.", "They all traveled with others for company.", "They all wrote or will write a book about their journey."]], "questions": ["What led Jean Beliveau to travel around the world?", "Why did Vladislav Ketov draw pictures for people during his trip?", "What did the four travelers mentioned in the text have in common?"], "article": "Everyone dreams of seeing the world. But some people take that dream to the extreme.\nIn 2000, Canadian Jean Beliveau was suffering from a mid-life crisis . He thought a good walk might help. So, he decided to go for one... around the whole world. It took him 11 years and 54 pairs of shoes. He ate insects in Africa, survived a puma attack in South America, and fell in love for nine days in Mexico. Jean has successfully overcome his mid-life crisis and is now writing a book about his 75,000- kilometre journey.\nA Russian man, Vladislav Ketov, is currently cycling around the globe. So far he's ridden through 93 countries. And he's been at it for 20 years. Why so long? Two reasons. Firstly, he's not just going through countries, he's actually riding along the coast of every continent. Secondly, he set off without any money. He has to draw portraits  of the people he meets along the way to carry on with his trip. Of course, he is planning to write a book on his eventual return, too.\nThen there's Ezra Cooley. He set out in 2006 with the idea of riding his horse around the world. Why? \"I've always wanted to accomplish something,\" Ezra said. So far he's only ridden across the United States and part of Australia. He recently took a year off to write a book about his trip.\nCircling the globe has a long history. In 1901, Captain Voss (from Canada) set off around the world in a 12-metre dugout canoe . Even more impressive, the canoe, which Voss bought from a Native American woman, was built in the early 19th century. He armed the canoe with a Spanish cannon for protection. The journey took three years and, of course, Voss wrote about his trip in a book.", "id": "high24038.txt"}