{"answers": ["D", "B", "C"], "options": [["come into contact with students", "teach students a variety of subjects", "deal with the demands of children", "make planning, preparation and correction"], ["a primary teacher needs a wide range of skills", "the disadvantage of primary teaching is having difficult students", "teacher training is not important for a primary teacher", "secondary teachers mainly teach children two subjects"], ["tell teachers how primary teachers guide students", "tell teachers what you should do as a primary teacher", "let readers know more about primary teachers", "let readers know how to be a primary teacher"]], "questions": ["After class primary teachers usually_.", "We can learn from this passage that_.", "The author writes the article in order to_."], "article": "Primary teachers are responsible for guiding children through the formation of many important life skills, and also watching over their students' social development. Primary teachers come into contact with about 30 students every day, and teach them a variety of subjects. Many hours are spent before and after class on planning, preparation and correction. One should be a very patient, caring, yet firm person to be able to deal with the demands of children in the four to twelve-year-old age group.\nSecondary teachers teach specific subjects to various groups of students. Just like primary teachers, they spend an amount of time planning and preparing lessons and correcting homework--their duties are not restricted to face-to-face teaching. Dealing with twelve to eighteen-year-olds requires a wide range of skills.\nIf you become a primary teacher, you will need to decided whether to be a \"generalist \", teaching a wide range of subjects, or a \"specialist\", teaching only one or two. Most primary teachers are specialists. Generalist teachers spend the greatest part of their day with one class, which means that they spend more time with the same children. Specialist teachers have more time away from their students. It is therefore very important for generalist teachers to develop a strong working relationship with their students.\nThe unique rapport  you can develop with a particular set of students is one of teaching's greatest pleasures. However, the disadvantage of primary teaching is that if you have a difficult student, you will be forced to deal with him or her, all day, every day, throughout the school year. Teachers need to work ot strategies to get themselves and their students through such difficulties.\nPrimary teachers today are generally four-year trained. They usually do a three or four-year under-graduate degree, and if this degree does not include teacher training, they will have to undertake postgraduate study in education as well.", "id": "high24049.txt"}