{"answers": ["D", "C", "A", "B"], "options": [["Because they got up late.", "Because they didn't wait in line.", "Because they came to the airport late.", "Because their bag was overweight."], ["The flight to Seattle.", "The breakfast in the airport.", "The visit to Mount Rainier.", "The discovery of a small stream."], ["To enjoy more of the wildlife.", "To take a shortcut to save time.", "To avoid the snowy road.", "To avoid being attacked by animals."], ["Seattle is on the northwest coast of America.", "They bought their tickets in a booking office.", "They waited for a long time before getting on the plane.", "The hats were to help protect them from getting sunburned"]], "questions": ["Why did they pay a fine?", "What was the writer's most impressive experience?", "Why did they choose a small path instead of the main trails?", "Which of the following is NOT true according to the article?"], "article": "Last July, my parents and I went to visit my aunt and uncle in Seattle, a city on the northwest American coast. Dad did some research and had no difficulty in finding us cheap tickets online.\nOn the day of our flight, we had to wake up very early. When we checked our bags in, we found that one bag weighed too much, so we had to pay a fine. After that, Dad insisted that we go and have some breakfast at the airport restaurant. We had a lot of fun watching many different people there. Then we realized it was getting late, so we rushed to the gate. It took one hour for everyone to get on the plane, but finally the door was shut and we were on our way!\nI think my favorite experience during our trip was our visit to Mount Rainier, a volcano near Seattle. It was nothing like I had expected. Before we left, my aunt lent us hats to protect us from getting sunburned, so I supposed that it would be very hot. Imagine my surprise when we drove up the mountain and I discovered the top was covered in snow and ice!\nMy uncle led us to a small path beyond the main trails to increase our chances of seeing wildlife. We walked over a small hill, and suddenly before us there appeared a field of snow. Small wild flowers grew up through the snow; underneath the snow we could hear rushing water -- a small stream. Little animals stood still to avoid being noticed; tiny birds rose into the air. It was the most beautiful sight that I'd ever seen.", "id": "high24057.txt"}