{"answers": ["D", "D", "B"], "options": [["teach literature", "hate literature", "write poems", "enter the field of literature"], ["passion", "feeling", "sense", "stock market"], ["to teach us a lesson", "to give us some useful suggestions", "to tell us that our belief is not reliable", "to encourage us to invest in the stock market"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, if a family of origin has passion for literature, the members of the family will probably_.", "We can put our faith in the following things of success except_.", "The purpose of the author is_."], "article": "Just as the stock market rises and falls in response to what people are willing to put their money behind, we have inside ourselves an inner economy that rises and falls in response to our beliefs about what is possible. Sometimes the degree to which we are willing to challenge our belief systems determines the success of our inner economy. For example, imagine that your family of origin had a belief that musical talent was not something they possessed. As a member of that group, you would likely inherit   that same belief about yourself. As a result, even if you had a great desire to create music, you might be hesitant to really get behind yourself, fearing that your investment would not pay off. Even if you had the courage to follow your passion, your inner belief that you are not inherently talented would probably be a major drawback to investing your energy in your dream.\nOn the other hand, if you found a way to release that negative belief, a great flood of energy would pour forth, greatly increasing the likelihood of your success. How much energy we are willing to invest in the various ideas, dreams, and visions we carry within is like the money people are, or are not, willing to invest in the various products available for trade on the stock market. And in both cases, belief plays a key role in determining how willing we are to get behind something. One way to open up the possibility for greater success in our inner economies is to understand that belief is not the reliable guide we sometimes think. There are other more reliable things of success that we can put our faith in, such as passion, feeling, and sense. Some of the most successful investors in the stock market are the ones that go against the grain (to be something that one does not like doing), trusting their sense over the common opinion held by common people about what will work.\nIn the same way, we can learn to trust our heart's desires and our sense to guide us, questioning any beliefs that stand in the way of our ability to fully invest in ourselves. As we take out energy from limiting ideas about what is possible, we free up the resources that have the power to make our inner economy prosper.", "id": "high24077.txt"}