{"answers": ["D", "A", "C", "C"], "options": [["unpleasant", "dirty", "noisy", "deserted"], ["industrial", "agricultural", "historical", "cultural"], ["the workmen", "the habitants", "the steam-engines", "the woods"], ["Coketown should be replaced by woods", "The town had too much oil in it", "The town was seriously polluted", "The town's atmosphere was unchanged"]], "questions": ["Which of the following words is NOT properly used to describe Coketown ?", "From the passage we know that Coketown was mainly a(n)  _  town.", "Only   _   were not affected by weather.", "Which is the author's opinion of Coketown?"], "article": "Coketown was a town of red brick, or of brick that would have been red if the smoke and ashes had allowed it; but in fact it was a town of unnatural red and black like the painted face of savage . It was a town of machinery and tall chimney, out of which smoke trailed themselves for ever and ever. It had a black canal in it, and a river that ran purple with ill smelling color1, and large piles of building full of windows where there was a rattling and a trembling all day long, and where the steam-engine worked up and down like the head of an elephant in a state of madness. The town contained several large streets all very like one another, and many small streets still more like one another, inhabited by people equally like one another.\nA sunny midsummer day. There was such a thing sometimes even in Coketown. Seen from a distance in such weather, Coketown lay covered in a smoke of its own. You only knew the town was there, because you knew there could have been no such a place upon the view without a town.\nThe streets were hot and dusty on the summer day, and the sun was so bright that it even shone through the smoke over Coketown, and could not be looked at steadily. Workers appeared from low underground doorways into factory yards, and sat on steps, wiping their face sand looking at coals. The whole town seemed to be frying in oil. There was a smell of hot oil everywhere. The atmosphere of those places was like the breath of hell , and their inhabitants wasting with heat, walked lazily in the desert. But no temperature made the mad elephants more mad or more sane . Their tiresome heads went up and down at the sane rate, in hot weather and in cold, wet weather and dry. The measured movement of their shadows of wood; while for the summer noise of insects, it could offer all the year round, from the dawn of Monday to the night of Saturday.", "id": "high24080.txt"}