{"answers": ["B", "C"], "options": [["Adolescents.", "Parents .", "Educators", ".Bosses"], ["parents should let adolescents take responsibility for decision if the result is not harmful.", "adults are more suitably equipped to carry on responsibly.", "parents should provide opportunity for teens to practice taking responsibility.", "the adolescent whose parents are bosses tends to follow their parents' wishes."]], "questions": ["Who are the intended readers of the passage?", "It can be inferred from the text that   _  ."], "article": "Parenting the adolescent does take a different approach than parenting younger kids. Looking back it seemed  ly easy. They were born itty-bitty so you could take control - usually to keep them safe from harm, to teach right from wrong and begin to equip them with problem solving and relationship skills. But hey, remember when they were about two or three years old and they began to toddle  off and test your limits? This was normal child development and you soon trusted that your child wouldn't touch the stove, muck about in the flowerpots or bite the cat.\n      Adolescence is kind of similar in process to the two or three year old testing their limits. In adolescence though the test is more towards social limits: who they can go out with, when, where and for how long. Unlike the young child though, adolescence is nerve-wracking  because now they are truly out of sight, the stakes are higher and your didn't raise your kid for 13 years plus to see them get into trouble now. Also unlike the young child, your teen is no longer itty-bitty and you can't simply tell them what to do. \n      Parenting the adolescent requires extreme trust, patience and letting them take responsibility for decisions even when the consequences are not favorable. They do need to learn what the mantle of responsibility means during adolescence so that as adults they are suitably equipped to then carry on responsibly. No practice - no mastery. Taking responsibility takes practice and opportunity.\n      Difficult as _ may seem, the parenting style has to shift from being the boss to being a consultant. Now, no one is saying here that there aren't any rules, but they are more flexible and more subject to negotiation. When you were the boss, you simply told your young child what to do and you expected them to follow your wishes. Now as a consultant you are more in an advisory position and must rely on the judgment of your teen to choose correctly.", "id": "high24081.txt"}