{"answers": ["B", "A", "D", "C"], "options": [["the application of one's intelligence", "the strong belief in religion", "a certain degree of good faith", "the trust in one's ability"], ["as happy as people with children", "less happy than people with children", "happier than unsocial people", "a little happier than wealthier people"], ["mental suffering", "psychological sickness", "examining what makes life worth living", "strengths that enable people to succeed"], ["find out the physical quantities of happiness", "look at the images formed in people's brain", "study the reaction of the brain to happiness", "understand the pictures of terrible subjects"]], "questions": ["The Bible tells us happiness comes from   _  .", "The findings of the database imply that couples without children are   _  .", "As an approach of scientific study, positive psychology focuses on   _  .", "MRI is used in the study of happiness in order to   _  ."], "article": "For thousands of years, people have been debating the meaning of happiness and how to find it.  From the ancient Greeks and Romans to current day writers and professors, the debate about happiness continues. What makes someone happy? In what parts of the world are people the happiest? Why even study happiness? The Greek philosopher Aristotle said that a person's highest happiness comes from the use of his or her intelligence. Religious books such as the Koran and Bible discuss faith as a form of happiness. The British scientist Charles Darwin believed that all species were formed in a way so as to enjoy happiness. People throughout history may have had different ideas about happiness. But today, many people are still searching for its meaning.\nHow do you study something like happiness? You could start with the World Database of Happiness at Erasmus University in prefix = st1 /Rotterdam, The Netherlands. This set of information includes how to define and measure happiness. Some findings are not surprising. For example, the database suggests that married people are happier than single people. People who like to be with other people are happier than unsocial people. But other findings are less expected: People with children are equally happy as couples without children. And wealthier people are only a little happier than poorer people.\nPositive psychology is the new term for a method of scientific study that tries to examine the things that make life worth living instead of life's problems. Traditional psychology generally studies negative situations like mental suffering and sickness. But positive psychology aims to study the strengths that allow people and communities to do well. There is also an increasing amount of medical research on the physical qualities of happiness. Doctors can now look at happiness at work in a person's brain using a method called magnetic resonance imaging  , or MRI. For example, an MRI can show how one area of a person's brain activates when he or she is shown happy pictures. A different area of the brain becomes active when the person sees pictures of terrible subjects.", "id": "high24085.txt"}