{"answers": ["B", "A", "D", "C"], "options": [["Too many awareness weeks make people feel bored.", "People feel many awareness weeks are just for marketing exercises.", "People have a weak awareness of awareness weeks.", "Awareness weeks are held too often and too much money is raised."], ["Most of the awareness weeks should not be for making money.", "Official groups should take the place of charities in awareness campaigns.", "People can do what they like in awareness weeks.", "People can get larger budgets through awareness campaigns."], ["Laws should stop awareness weeks run by real charities.", "There should be large public relations departments in awareness campaigns.", "Business and awareness campaigns should not be held at the same place.", "Marketing campaigns should not be in the name of charity ones."], ["National Forget About It Week should be held to stop awareness weeks.", "National Smile Week is a great idea to improve people's life.", "National Weak Awareness Week can help people better understand awareness weeks.", "Awareness Weeks should be stopped because of marketing campaigns."]], "questions": ["Why do people start to become cynical about awareness weeks?", "What does Ms Ormiston think about awareness weeks?", "Which of the following is the right measure to be taken to solve the problems in awareness campaigns?", "What's the writer's view on Awareness Weeks?"], "article": "Awareness Weeks have become a regular part of Britain's cultural landscape over the past few years. They started back in 1957,when one charity , Christian Aid, decided to make all its money-raising efforts on one time of year. It was thought that by doing this they would get more publicity for their cause. \nThey were right, and soon other charities and campaign groups followed them. These days, most donations to charity are not collected on the streets. So instead of just asking for money, charities prefer to spend their time \"raising awareness\"--spreading knowledge of the work they do or the cause they support. They also compete with businesses and trade groups who use awareness weeks as marketing campaigns for their products.       \nThere are now 500 awareness weeks held every year in the prefix = st1 /UK. No week goes by without one group or another trying to make the British public aware of something, with most held in May or October.\nThe danger with all these awareness weeks is that people start to become cynical .Take National Smile Week, it seems like a great idea. Let's all make each other's life a little bit happier with a friendly smile. But really it's just a group of dentists and cosmetics companies trying to sell us toothpastes. It's enough to make you want to start National Forget About It Week.\"People feel that many awareness campaigns are just marketing exercises,\" says Ms Ormiston, who edits the Awareness Campaign Register, a newsletter which encourages people who run Awareness Weeks to become more aware of each other.\"But 90 per cent of campaigns are run by traditional charities or not for groups to make money.\" \"There's still no official group for awareness campaigns,\" says Ms Ormiston.\"People can do what they like, whatever the size of their budgets or their public relations machines allows.\" \nThis situation has led to calls for laws to stop real charities having their efforts overshadowed by marketing campaigns. This could be done by making the two groups hold their weeks at different times or stopping businesses running imitation  charity campaigns. But there is another way. Maybe it's time for National Weak Awareness Week, especially for people whose awareness of Awareness Weeks is weak.", "id": "high24109.txt"}