{"answers": ["C", "B", "A"], "options": [["about half of the high school graduates continue their studies at school", "college graduates are believed to be able to earn more money", "administrators often encourage college students to drop out", "more and more young people are found unfit for college."], ["The students expect so much that they are not satisfied with the hard college life.", "The economic situation is so discouraging that the youth have to attend college.", "College should improve because of so much campus unhappiness.", "Colleges provide more chances of good jobs than anywhere else."], ["To argue against the idea that college is the best place for all young people.", "To put forward an idea that college should not be the first choice.", "To value young people's further education in colleges.", "To persuade young people into working after the completion of high school."]], "questions": ["According to the passage all of the following statements are true EXCEPT  _  .", "Which of the following is one of some observers' opinions?", "What is the main purpose of this passage?"], "article": "The case for college has been accepted without question for more than a generation. All high school graduates ought to go, because college will help them earn more money, become \"better\" people, and learn to be more responsible citizens than those who don't go.      \nBut college has never been able to work its magic for everyone. And now that close to half our high school graduates are attending, those who don't fit the pattern are becoming more and more, and more obvious. College graduates are selling shoes and driving taxis; college students get in the way of each other's experiments and write false letters of recommendation in the competition for admission to graduate school. Others find no interest in their studies, and drop out -often encouraged by college administrators. Some observers say the fault is with the young people themselves--they are spoiled and they are expecting too much.      \nBut that is a condemnation of the students as a whole, and does not explain all campus unhappiness. Others blame the state of the world, and they are partly right. We've been told that young people have to go to college because our economy cannot take in an army of untrained 18 year-olds. But disappointed graduates are learning that it can no longer take in an army of trained 22-year-olds, either.      \nSome adventuresome educators and campus watchers have openly begun to suggest that college may not be the best, the proper, the only place for every young person after the completion of high school.  _ Perhaps college does not make people intelligent(clever), ambitious, happy, liberal, or quick to learn things--maybe it is just the other way round, and intelligent, ambitious, happy, liberal, quick-learning people are only the ones who have been attracted to college in the first place. And perhaps all those successful college graduates would have been successful whether they had gone to college or not. This is heresy   to those of us who have been brought up to believe that if little schooling is good, more has to be much better. But opposite evidence is beginning to mount up.", "id": "high24108.txt"}