{"answers": ["A", "C", "A"], "options": [["Memory of an Earthquake in Golcuk", "My Uncle's Yearly Vacation in Golck", "An Unforgettable Experience", "Our Unsuccessful Attempts"], ["their uncle spent their yearly vacation in Golcuk every year", "it was not difficult to find their uncle's house", "the damage of the earthquake was worse than expected", "their uncle hadn't visited Golcuk that year"], ["help from other countries will come to the quake-hit country", "people know how to get rid of earthquakes", "they went to Golcuk immediately the quake happened", "the author has never seen his uncle before"]], "questions": ["What is the best title of the passage?", "On their way to search for their uncle, they found   _  .", "From this passage, we can learn that   _  ."], "article": "In the summer of 1999, a small town called Golcuk was shaken by a big earthquake in north-western Turkey. It destroyed the whole town and other nearby places. Soon enough, help from other countries flew there for one purpose, \"saving lives\". Nowadays wherever an earthquake strikes, other countries are ready to send help. That is really something that, as human beings, we should be proud of.\n    When the earthquake struck, I was living in my hometown of Ankara, capital of the Turkey. Despite the 220-mile distance between the two locations, we still were able to feel the shakes.\n    I had a chance to visit Golcuk a couple times when I was a kid. My uncle who lives in Germany has a summer house there, and every summer they stay in Golcuk for their yearly vacation. After the quake struck, we couldn't contact them, so we didn't know if they were in Golcuk or in Germany during the quake. Our unsuccessful attempts worried us, and the only thing we wanted to hear was that they were OK. Without wasting any more time, my brother, my sister's husband, and I decided to drive there to check on them by ourselves.\n    When we were driving, the damage of the earthquake started to show itself right away. Big, wide, tall trees were laid down on the side of the road. Getting closer to Golcuk, we found the impact of the earthquake was getting worse. Inside the town was total destruction.\n    It wasn't easy to figure out the streets among the ruins. Finally, we were able to find my uncle's apartment and thank God, it was still standing, but nobody was there. Later on we found that they hadn't yet visited Golcuk that year. What luck!\n    Earthquakes are natural disasters and there is no way to avoid them, especially as earthquakes never give a warning in advance. They just strike mercilessly in the middle of the night when people are asleep in their beds. We cannot stop disasters but we can prepare ourselves for their consequences.", "id": "high24129.txt"}