{"answers": ["C", "B", "C", "A"], "options": [["Captain Nash saw twelve orange lights traveling with great speedks5u", "Captain Nash may have been the first to see lights in space", "the orange lights are space animals according to a theory", "the secret of nature can be explained sooner or later"], ["shine brightly in the sky", "cannot be seen", "are in sight now and then", "visit the earth's surface"], ["escape from the atmosphere", "get the energy for the sun", "search for man-made energy", "produce the energy they need"], ["living things are extremely adaptable", "life in space is impossible", "the earth is more suitable for these animals", "life cannot exist in the upper atmosphere"]], "questions": ["The main idea of this passage is that   _  .", "The theory says that during the daytime the space animals   _  .", "If the space animal theory is correct, the orange lights come down to the lower levels in order to   _  .", "The space animal theory would seem to suggest that   _  ."], "article": "On the night of July 6, 1943, a plane took off from an Air Force base in England to stop German fighters over the English Channel. Piloting the plane was Captain Thomas Nash. Looking westward, Nash saw twelve orange lights in a row, moving at a very high rate of speed. Thinking they might be a new German weapon, he swung the plane around and headed directly for the lights, but they disappeared.\nCaptain Nash may have been the first to see such orange lights but he wasn't the last. His experience was repeated many times by pilots during World War II both in England and Far East.\nWhat were they? No one knows for sure, but there is an interesting theory to explain them. According to this theory, the orange lights are space animals---animals specially adapted   to life in the upper atmosphere just as some living things are adapted to life at the bottom of the sea.\nThese space animals, the theory says, live so far up in the atmosphere that they are not in sight from the earth. They feed partly on the air and partly on energy from the sunlight. Being almost pure energy themselves, their body shine at night. During the day, however, they are invisible.\nBefore World War II, continues the theory, there was little radiated energy on the earth's surface. Then came the development of rockets, nuclear power stations and something like that. The space animals are attracted to these kinds of energy of food. At night when there is no energy from the sunlight, they come down into the lower levels in search of a meal. They may even float into the range of human eyesight. This explains the fact that they have been sighted many times from the earth since 1943.", "id": "high24125.txt"}