{"answers": ["C", "A"], "options": [["recommend that we should have 16 milligrams of lycopene", "tell people how important it is to keep our skin healthy", "remind people of the importance of tomatoes", "analyze why tomatoes taste so great"], ["A mixture of tomato and yogurt is needed.", "Tomato is likely to make sure of your soft skin.", "Yogurt is used to make sure your skin is cool.", "You should keep the mixture on your skin for a long time."]], "questions": ["The purpose of this passage is to   _  .", "What is right about cooling the skin if the skin gets sun-burnt?"], "article": "Tomatoes are necessary in every kitchen, but hardly will you hear their cosmetic function. Not only do tomatoes taste great, but they also keep the skin healthy. It is good to consume tomatoes as they have lycopene  , which is an antioxidant and hence works as a sunscreen from within. These antioxidants make the tomato an anti-aging product as they help fight the damage and reddening of the skin. It is recommended to have at least 16 milligrams of lycopene per day. For people who are used to sitting in air-conditioned places, tomato helps moisturize their skin. In a word, whether you want to cure large pores  and sun-burns or reduce acne , tomatoes are beneficial. \nCure big pores\nBig pores provide easy access to dirt, thus increasing the chances of infecting the pore. Take a tablespoon of fresh tomato juice, and mix it with two to four drops of fresh lime juice. Use a cotton ball to put this mixture on your face for about 15 minutes and then wash it off with cool water. Regular application will reduce pores greatly.\nReduce acne\nTomatoes can help reduce and clear up your acne. Vitamin A and vitamin C are commonly found in a lot of acne medicines. Tomatoes are rich in vitamin A, vitamin C and vitamin K. If you have mild acne, cut a tomato in half and leave it on your face for an hour, which will moisturize your face. Do this as many times as you can, and your acne will dry off soon.\nCool the skin\nA lot of people's skin gets sun-burnt in summer because of staying in the sun for a long time. Crush  half a tomato and mix it with two table-spoons of plain yogurt. Apply this mixture on face, neck, hands and feet for 20 minutes, and then wash it. Tomato cools the skin, while yogurt can make it soft and supple.", "id": "high24130.txt"}