{"answers": ["D", "A", "B", "D", "C"], "options": [["a nationalized corporation", "a state-run business", "the world's largest store", "a private business"], ["holiday products imported from foreign countries", "festival ornaments made by themselves", "festival ornaments during the summer and winter holidays", "holiday products to tourists from foreign countries"], ["most of Bronner's products are expensive", "Wally Bronner, founder of Bronner's, has passed away", "people are spending less money on small objects", "Frankenmuth is a modern town popular with tourists"], ["Many of its staff have lost their jobs.", "Only two percent of sales are overseas.", "People are spending less in Bronner's.", "The sales of the corporation have been instead of going down."], ["community cooperation and investment", "the family's long-term planning", "aiming its business at a single day of the year", "the willingness to reinvest profits"]], "questions": ["Bronner's Christmas Wonderland is probably  _  .", "Bronner's mainly sells   _  .", "We can learn from the passage that   _  .", "In what way has the financial crisis affected Bronner's Christmas Wonderland?", "Bronner's success lies in the following EXCEPT  _  ."], "article": "There is a place where Christmas lives all year long. It is called Bronner's Christmas Wonderland in Frankenmuth, Michigan. The family-owned business calls itself the world's largest Christmas store. The late Wally Bronner started the business in 1945.\nWayne Bronner, Wally's son, is president and CEO of what is now a multi-million dollar corporation. He learned the business from an early age. Some of his best memories are traveling to other countries with his father to find new products for the store.\nBronner's sells more than 50,000 holiday products from 70 nations. Half of the products cost less than ten dollars. Wayne Bronner says the demand for small objects to hang on Christmas trees has expanded over the years. People spend more time, effort and money into decorating their homes with these ornaments, lights and religious scenes. Bronner's is famous for its nativity scenes which show the birth of Jesus Christ.\nMichigan has the nation's highest unemployment rate. Bronner's has been affected by the recession, too. But not in reduced sales.\nWayne Bronner said: \"Even though people are spending less, we're having more people visit here. And as a result we've actually had a sales increase.\" Bronner's success is also linked to community cooperation and investment. Frankenmuth is a town of 5,000 people in eastern Michigan's farm country. The town was settled by Bavarian Germans in the 1800s. It has kept its traditions alive in buildings and restaurants. \nBavarian cultural themes and Bronner's huge store bring 3,000,000 visitors a year. The town is the most popular place for tourists in the state. Bronner's business is aimed at a single day of the year. But that is not too different from other businesses. \n\"About half of our business is done in the last quarter of the year, in the last three months. And actually when you compare that with most retailers, that follows the same pattern.\" Wayne Bronner says the family's long-term planning and willingness to reinvest profits has developed the company into what it is today. Still, it does not hurt to build a business on a holiday which is celebrated worldwide. Currently, about only two percent of sales are overseas. But Wayne Bronner sees room for growth, especially through the Internet.", "id": "high24138.txt"}