{"answers": ["D", "C"], "options": [["a painter", "a doctor", "an actor", "an expert"], ["how to show your parents what's going on in your life", "how to respect your parents in your daily life", "how to have great relationship with your parents", "how to talk with a trusted adult who may be able to help you"]], "questions": ["From this passage we know that the writer may be  _  .", "The main purpose of the passage is to discuss   _  ."], "article": "Without mutual respect, any relationship will be an unhappy one . People who respect each other: a) value each other's opinions, b) listen to each other, and c) disagree without screams or insults . And remember, your parents have lived longer than you--don't discount their experience and knowledge.\nYour parents want to know what's going on in your life. If you don't tell them they won't know when you need their help or whether they can trust you. Tell them what you're doing, share your thoughts and feelings with them, and ask for their advice for your problems (you don't have to follow it). Communication builds closeness. Trust is your key to freedom. The way to build trust is through honesty and responsibility. Honesty means you don't lie. Responsibility means that you are reliable   and make good choices to use good judgment. When your parents trust you, it's a lot easier for them to say \"Yes.\"\nThese guidelines   work both ways. If sometimes, your parents break any of these guidelines, talk to them about it. Pick a time when you are both calm and feeling good towards each other (never when you are angry). Then, explain to them what they did, how it makes you feel, and what you'd like them to do instead.\nUnfortunately, these guidelines don't always work. Since we can only control what we do, and not what our parents do, sometimes we just cannot change a bad relationship. If this is the case, try to use these guidelines to at least improve things a little, and talk with a trusted adult who may be able to help you.", "id": "high24147.txt"}