{"answers": ["D", "B", "A", "C", "A"], "options": [["Chocolate may be healthy for us.", "Eating too much chocolate might be harmful.", "Allowing yourself a treat like chocolate.", "Chocolate may help keep people slim."], ["The consumption quantity.", "The consumption frequency.", "The consumption time.", "The consumption type."], ["it may make us more cheerful", "it may do good to the heart", "it might prevent us from becoming obese", "it may control blood pressure"], ["are beneficial to our health", "are vital ingredients of chocolate", "are harmful to our health", "change mouse muscle composition"], ["Cautious.", "Supportive.", "Unclear.", "Opposed."]], "questions": ["What is the passage mainly about?", "What counts when it comes to eating chocolate to lose your weight?", "According to the passage, chocolate may be healthy for us in the following EXCEPT that    .", "We can infer that free radicals_.", "What is the experts' attitude towards eating chocolate in a chocolate bar?"], "article": "People who eat chocolate regularly tend to be thinner, new research suggests.\nThe findings come from a study of nearly 1,000 US people that looked at diet, calorie intake and body mass index(BMI)----a measure of obesity. It found those who ate chocolate a few times a week were, on average, slimmer than those who ate it occasionally.\nEven though chocolate is loaded with calories, it contains ingredients that may favour weight loss rather than fat synthesis , scientists believe. Despite boosting calorie intake, regular chocolate consumption was related to lower BMI in the study. The link remained even when other factors, like how much exercise individuals did, were taken into account.\nAnd it appears it is how often you eat chocolate that is important, rather than how much of it you eat. The study found no link with quantity consumed. Lead author Dr. Beatrice Golomb, from the University of California at San Diego, said, \"Our findings appear to add to a body of information suggesting that the composition of calories, not just the number of them, matters for determining their ultimate impact on weight.\"\nThis is not the first time scientists have suggested that chocolate may be healthy for us. Other studies have claimed chocolate may be good for the heart. Consumption of certain types of chocolate has been linked to some favourable changes in blood pressure and insulin  sensitivity.\nAnd chocolate does contain antioxidants which can help to absorb free radicals----unstable chemicals that can damage our cells. Mice fed for 15 days with epicatechin (present in chocolate) had improved exercise performance and observable changes to their muscle composition. They say clinical trials are now needed in humans to see if this is the case.\nBut before you reach for a chocolate bar, there are still lots of unanswered questions. And in the absence of conclusive evidence, experts advise caution.\nWhile there's no harm in allowing yourself a treat like chocolate now and then, eating too much might be harmful because it often contains a lot of sugar and fat too.", "id": "high24141.txt"}