{"answers": ["A", "D", "C"], "options": [["$33.00", "$11.00", "$54.00", "Nothing."], ["Half Day Trip.", "Half Day with Lunch.", "Full Day Trip.", "Float Trip."], ["1.5-2 hours.", "2.5-3 hours.", "3.5-4 hours.", "4.5-5 hours."]], "questions": ["If a family of 3 reserves a full day trip and they have to change it to a half-day with lunch trip, how much will they get back?", "If you are just looking for a mild scenic river experience, which type of trip should you choose?", "If you choose Half Day Trip, how much time should you spend totally?"], "article": "Going whitewater rafting in North Carolina (N.C.), you are cutting bonds to the every-day troubles and for a short time you are back in the natural world with your co-travelers. Rafting in N.C. has the added benefit of a long, warm rafting season, beautiful scenery, and amazing history. Only twenty minutes from Asheville, N.C., whitewater rafting on French Broad River in N.C. still has the flavor wilderness and adventure.\nHalf Day Trip: This N.C. whitewater rafting trip begins at Barnard and finishes at Stackhouse. Typical time on the river is 1.5 to 2 hours. A couple of factors that affect the time on the river are the size of the trip and the level of the river. A small trip at high water will move faster downstream than a larger trip at lower levels. $44.00 per person.\nHalf Day with Lunch: This rafting trip travels the same section of the French Broad River as above. The lunch is served riverside. The time frame for this trip is the same as the half day trip. Add about an hour for lunch and a more leisurely pace. $51.00 per person.\nFull Day Trip: This rafting starts at Barnard and finishes 8 miles downstream in Hot Springs. This is one of the best whitewater rafting trips in N.C. and gives you a chance to spend a big part of your day on the French Broad River. There is a stop for lunch, served riverside. Time on the river for the full day trip can range from 3-5 hours depending on the size of the trip and the river level. Please be aware that summer-time river levels may make it necessary to alter this trip and make it a half-day with lunch trip. Surely you will be refunded the price difference. $62.00 per person.\nFloat Trip: Rafting in N.C. does not necessarily mean only whitewater rafting. Some of North Carolina's best rafting is just the classic, lazy float trip. This trip floats through a beautiful section of the French Broad River valley. There are plenty of places to swim. It's good for those who are too young or too old. $44.00 per person.\nTrip Times: Typical morning trip time is 9:00 and afternoon 2:00. There's usually an hour of getting ready and transportation before putting on the river, and an hour of transportation, changing clothes, photo show, etc after taking off the river.", "id": "high24140.txt"}