{"answers": ["B", "D", "C"], "options": [["Small towns along the railways became abandoned.", "Land in the West was hard to manage.", "Some railroad stops remained underused.", "Land grants went into private hands."], ["Disapproving.", "Approving.", "Doubtful.", "Cautious."], ["How the Railways Have Affected the West", "How the Effects of Power Plants Can Be Reduced", "How Solar Energy Could Reshape the West", "How the Problems of the Highways Have Been Settled"]], "questions": ["What was the problem caused by the construction of the railways?", "What is the author's attitude towards building solar plants?", "Which is the best title for the passage?"], "article": "As the railroads and the highways shaped the American West in the past centuries, a new electrical generating and transmission   system for the 21st century will leave a lasting mark on the West, for better or worse. Much of the real significance of railroads and highways is not in their direct physical effect on the scenery, but in the ways that they affect the surrounding community. The same is true of big solar plants and the power lines that will be laid down to move electricity around.\nThe 19 th century saw land grants  offered to railroad companies to build the transcontinental railroads, leaving public land in between privately owned land. In much of the West, some of the railroad sections were developed while others remained undeveloped, and in both cases the landownership has presented unique challenges to land management. With the completion of the interstate highway system, many of the small towns, which sprang up as railway stops and developed well, have lost their lifeblood and died.\nBig solar plants and their power lines will also have effects far beyond their direct footprint in the West. This is not an argument against building them. We need alternative energy badly, and to really take advantage of it we need to be able to move electricity around far more readily than we can now.\nSo trade-offs will have to be made. Some scenic spots will be sacrificed. Some species  will be forced to move, or will be carefully moved to special accommodations. Deals will be struck to reduce the immediate effects.\nThe lasting effects of these trade-offs are another matter. The 21st century development of the American West as an ideal place for alternative energy is going to throw off a lot of power and money in the region. There are chances for that power and money to do a lot of good. But it is just as likely that they will be spent wastefully and will leave new problems behind, just like the railroads and the highways.\nThe money set aside in negotiated trade-offs and the institutions that control it will shape the West far beyond the immediate footprint of power plants and transmission lines. So let's remember the effects of the railroads and the highways as we construct these new power plants in the West.", "id": "high2415.txt"}