{"answers": ["A", "C", "B", "B", "D"], "options": [["To call on people to join a cultural event.", "To describe the history of drawing.", "To advise us to take drawing lessons.", "To explain how children develop."], ["enjoying language", "learning to write.", "making marks on paper.", "painting pictures of the world."], ["It is the oldest human activity.", "It came before writing or mathematics.", "You can do it well if you keep your eye on the pencil.", "It requires special ability which only a few people have."], ["People who can't draw.", "people who would like to try drawing.", "People who want to create a world record.", "People who don't draw though they are adults."], ["the number of visitors to the event.", "the length of time spent on a drawing.", "the number of balloons released in one day.", "the number of people drawing at the same time."]], "questions": ["What is the writer's main purpose in this text?", "When we were babies we expressed ourselves by  _  .", "What can we learn about drawing from the text?", "Who is the Big Draw for?", "The Big Draw already holds a world record for   _  ."], "article": "Drawing is a universal language. It was probably our first form of self-expression when we were babies: long before we start writing, we're painting and scribbling , both in order to make sense of the world and because we enjoy it.\n   In the history of human culture, too, painting and image making came before writing or even simple mathematics: 30,000 years ago compared to 5,000. Yet after we leave school most of us never pick up a pencil again--willingly. If asked to draw something, most adults and many older children will shake their heads and say, \" Not me! I can't draw. I'm hopeless at it.\"\n   When you think about it, this is very strange. Drawing involves coordinating  the hand and the eye with the pencil. It's a basic skill, no more difficult to learn than other amazing things that humans do, such as hitting a tennis ball over the net or writing our own name. there's no special talent involved. Anybody who can learn to write can learn to draw.\n   So, there you are - no excuse not to get out your pencil, pencil sharpener and rubber and take part in the Big Draw, a nationwide series of free art events taking place all over Britain next October. Everyone's welcome: all you need is a willingness to express yourself through drawing.\n   The Big Draw, now in its fifth year, has already achieved two world records: one for the longest drawing in the world (1km) and the other for the greatest number of people drawing at the same time (7,000). This year, there will be an attempt to create a new Guinness World Record for the longest visitors'book: people will be invited to leave their name and a drawing on a three-kilometer piece of paper.\n   The theme this year is Inside\\Outside--People, Structure( ) and Spaces, and other events planned include drawing on a three-kilometer piece of paper.\n   The Big Draw is not about turning the nation into artists, it is about helping people to acquire this universal language of communication. Its greatest achievement next October will be to bring hundreds of thousands of people together to look, imagine, draw and have fun.", "id": "high24162.txt"}