{"answers": ["A", "D", "C", "B"], "options": [["A tool to assist in making complex decisions.", "A comparison of actual decisions and ideal decisions.", "Research on how people make decisions.", "Differences between long-range and short-range decision making"], ["Listing the consequences of each solution.", "Calculating a numerical summary of each solution.", "Deciding which consequences are most important.", "Writing down all possible solutions."], ["has the fewest variables to consider", "uses the most decision worksheets", "has the most points assigned to it", "is agreed to by the greatest number of people"], ["most decisions involve seven steps", "human mental capacity has limitations", "some people have difficulty making minor as well as major decisions", "people can keep more then seven ideas in their minds with practice"]], "questions": ["What does the passage mainly discuss?", "Of the following steps, which occurs before the others in making a decision worksheet?", "According to decision-making worksheet theory, an optimal decision is defined as one that   _  .", "The author states that \"On the average, people can keep about seven ideas in their minds at once\" to explain that   _  ."], "article": "Researchers in the field of psychology have found that one of the best ways to make an important decision, such as choosing a university to attend or a business to invest in, involves the use of a decision worksheet. Psychologists who study optimization   compare the actual decision made by people to theoretical ideal decisions to see how similar they are. Proponents   of the worksheet procedure believe that it will yield optimal, that is, the best decisions. Although there are several variations on the exact format   that worksheets can take, they are all similar in their essential aspects. Worksheets require defining the problem in a clear and concise way and then listing all possible solutions to the problem. Next, the relevant considerations that will be affected by each decision are listed, and the   importance of each consideration or consequence is determined. Each consideration is assigned a numerical value to reflect its   importance. A decision is mathematically calculated by adding these values together. The alternative with the highest number of points emerges   as the best decision.\n   Since most important problems are multifaceted  ,there are several alternatives to choose from, each with unique advantages and disadvantages. One of the benefits of a pencil and paper decision-making procedure is that it permits people to deal with more variables than their minds can generally comprehend and remember. On the average, people can keep about seven ideas in their minds at once. A worksheet can be especially useful when the decision involves a large number of variables with complex relationships. A realistic example for many college students is the question \"What will I do after graduation?\" A graduate might seek a position that offers specialized training, pursue an advanced degree, or travel abroad for a year. A decision-making worksheet begins with a concise statement of the problem that will also help to narrow it. It is important to be clear about the distinction between long-range and immediate goals because long-range goals often involve a different decision than short-range ones. Focusing on long-range goals, a graduating student might revise the question above to \"What will I do after graduation that lead to successful career?\"", "id": "high24165.txt"}