{"answers": ["A", "C", "A", "B"], "options": [["He who doesn't want to be a general can't be a good soldier.", "Before everything else,getting ready is the secret of success.", "If you work hard enough,your dreams will come true.", "Rome was not built in one day."], ["He was generous to share all his rules with everyone.", "He got all the hits he wanted because of good luck.", "He set himself a goal of being the best.", "He liked to dream of something impossible."], ["A teammate of Rose.", "A salesman.", "A father.", "A baseball coach."], ["Because Mr. Rose showed him how to be a successful salesperson.", "Because Mr. Rose taught him to face life with positive expectation.", "Because Mr. Rose trained him to win Coach of the Year for his son.", "Because Mr. Rose gave him advice on managing a happy family."]], "questions": ["Which of the following sayings can most appropriately be used to describe Mr. Rose's rule?", "What can be inferred about Pete Rose from the passage?", "Which of the following is NOT a role of the writer?", "Why does the writer thank Mr. Rose at the end of the passage?"], "article": "Pete Rose,the famous baseball player,whom I have never met,taught me something so valuable that it changed my life.Pete was being interviewed in spring training the year he was about to break Ty Cobb's alltime hits record.One reporter asked, \"Pete,you only need 78 hits to break the record.How many atbats   do you think you'll need to get the 78 hits?\" Without hesitation,Pete said,\"78.\" The reporter yelled back,\"Ah,come on Pete.You don't expect to get 78 hits in 78 atbats,do you?\"\nMr. Rose calmly shared his rule in life with all the reporters who were anxiously awaiting his reply.\"Every time I step up to the plate,I expect to get a hit! If I don't expect to get a hit,I have no right to step in the batter's box in the first place! If I go up hoping to get a hit,then I probably don't have a prayer of getting a hit.It is the positive expectation that has gotten me all of the hits in the first place.\"\nWhen I thought about Pete Rose's rule and how it was applied to everyday life,I felt a little embarrassed.As a business person,I was hoping to make my sales meet the quotas  .As a father,I was hoping to be a good dad.As a married man,I was hoping to be a good husband.The truth was that I was an adequate salesperson,I was not so bad as a father,and I was an okay husband.I immediately decided that being okay was not enough! I wanted to be a great salesperson,a great father and a great husband.I changed my attitude to one of positive expectation,and the results were amazing.I was fortunate enough to win a few sales trips,I won Coach of the Year in my son's baseball league,and I share a loving relationship with my wife! Thanks,Mr. Rose!", "id": "high24163.txt"}