{"answers": ["A", "B", "D", "C"], "options": [["A student magazine.", "A computer magazine.", "A food magazine.", "A fashion magazine."], ["The host family may not have a telephone.", "Some people may not pay for their calls.", "Some people talk for a few minutes.", "The call fees may be very expensive."], ["Eat your own food.", "Spit out bones onto the table.", "Eat the main course with a spoon.", "Eat the food your host family gives you."], ["Enjoying British Food.", "How to Learn English Better.", "Adapting to English Family Life", "How to Communicate with English People."]], "questions": ["In which magazine will you read this text?", "Why can the telephone be a problem?", "What should you do at mealtime?", "The best title of the text could be   _  ."], "article": "Your stay in Britain should be a memorable and happy time. To achieve this, you \nneed to prepare yourself well for the trip. Not only will you use English, but you will also need to get used to customs, attitudes and food that are different from what you know.\n   Your stay will be more enjoyable if you join in with your host family, which is the family you will stay with. Use every opportunity to talk with your hosts. Do not just sit alone in your bedroom. If you plan to go out, you should tell them when and where you are going and when you expect to get back. This is important because your hosts are responsible for you.\n   Find out what the \"house rules\" are. For example, who uses the bathroom first in the morning? When can you do your washing? Can you use the iron for your clothes? What about doing the dishes after dinner? Most British teenagers are very tidy. They are expected to help in the home and look after their things. Do not expect your host mother to do everything for you.\n   The telephone can be a problem. At the start of your stay, ask your hosts if you may use their phone and of course, tell them you will pay for the calls to China. Make sure that you do not spend too long on their phone in the evenings.\n   The food in Britain will be a new experience for you. Everyday food in Britain is not the same as the Western-style food you can find in China. Even so, you should try to eat whatever you are given. However, if it is something you really do not like, just say so politely. Do not bring your own food into the house.\n   Whether you are at home or in a restaurant, do not spit out bones onto the table. Put them on the side of your plate. And remember--in Europe, people eat the main dish with a knife and fork. The spoon is used only for soup or dessert.", "id": "high24161.txt"}