{"answers": ["A", "D", "B", "C"], "options": [["India.", "Canada.", "Belgium.", "Germany."], ["Growing up in India.", "Once staying in Canada.", "Once traveling to Canada with his father.", "His father's stories about his traveling experiences."], ["The author traveled with one of his parents.", "Both their going and return were by air.", "They traveled in spring that year.", "They stayed in Europe for nearly two months."], ["a city in India", "a city in Europe", "an airline company", "a travel agency"]], "questions": ["Which country does the author live in now?", "What made the author so interested in traveling abroad?", "Which of the following is true about the author's trip to Europe in 1998?", "It can be inferred from the passage that Lufthansa is   _  ."], "article": "As a boy growing up in India, I had longed to travel abroad. I used to listen to the stories my father would tell me about his stay in Canada and tours to Europe in the 1970s, with great interest.\nMy big moment finally came in the summer of 1998 when I was able to accompany my parents to Europe, where my father was to attend a meeting. We planned to travel to Belgium, Netherlands and West Germany.\nI have clear memories even today of going to Mumbai airport at night all excited about finally going abroad. I had heard several great things about Lufthansa till then but now I finally got to experience them first hand, during the flight to Frankfurt. We flew business class and even today I can remember the excellent service by the Lufthansa crew  . The flight was really smooth and thoroughly enjoyable, even for someone like me, who is especially afraid of flying.\nAfter spending almost two weeks in Europe, we took the Lufthansa airport express from Dusseldorf to Frankfurt airport, for our return flight. What a journey that was! All along the Rhine  , it was simply an unforgettable experience. I had a sombre feeling on the flight back to Mumbai as it marked the end of a wonderful vacation, but the Lufthansa crew members were able to change it into a most enjoyable experience yet again, with the quality of their service.\nBeing the first airline to take me abroad, Lufthansa will always hold a special place in my heart. Even today,I continue to enjoy flights on Lufthansa and simply cannot dream of choosing any other airline. Flying, in general,for me,has always been a terrible and painful experience.Flying on Lufthansa,however, is something I always have and always will look forward to. ks5u", "id": "high24168.txt"}