{"answers": ["B", "C", "A", "D"], "options": [["The origin of the story about Monkey King", "Monkey King will return to screens with 3D effects.", "The brief introduction to the TV series Journey to the West", "The amount of money invested on the 3D TV series Journey to the West"], ["it contains 45 episodes in total", "it will feature new actors completely", "we could watch it on TV after the summer", "we can enjoy it at home just with normal glasses"], ["It will have a bright future", "It can't work without electricity", "The vehicles won't work without electricity", "The electric vehicles can't be recharged on it"], ["a science fiction", "a research paper", "a product brochure", "a technology report"]], "questions": ["What's Passage 1 mainly about?", "About the 3D TV series Journey to the West we can learn that  _  .", "What can be inferred about the Solar Roadway from Passage 2?", "Passage 2 is most probably taken from  _  ."], "article": "Passage 1\nAs one of China's most popular and widely known story ,Monkey King, is set to return to screens with 3D effects. It may feature many of the same leading actors from the earliest 1986TV series Journey to the West. According to the producer, which can be got easily in the market? The TV drama, with a total investment of 150 million yuan, will be broadcast on Sichuan TV. Almost 90 million yuan has been put into 3D effects with each 45-mniute episode containing eight minutes of 3D. \"The 3D effects not only cost us a lot of money but also a lot of time,\" director Kan Weiping said. \"We had to put off its broadcasting time, which was set at first this summer.\"\nPassage 2\nThe Solar Roadway is an intelligent road that provides clean renewable energy using power from the sun, while providing safer driving conditions along with power. American inventors of the Solar Road said that it will power itself, and reduce the country's carbon marks. Many panels  are fixed on the Solar Road. The top of the Solar Road panels is made of glass and the inventors are working together with top glass researchers to develop super strong glass that would offer vehicles pulling power they need. The Solar Roadway creates and carries clean renewable electricity and, therefore, electric vehicles can be recharged at any rest stop, or at any business that uses solar road panels in their parking lots. Such parking lots will be safer at night with the light provided by LED within the road panels. The inventors say their solar roadway has many applications and advantages from main roads to driveways, parking lots, bike paths and runways.", "id": "high2417.txt"}