{"answers": ["B", "D", "B", "C"], "options": [["College is not easy.", "A dream of green grass.", "Be proud of your mother.", "Try to reach your goals."], ["She was sure she could earn the scholarship.", "She didn't want to go to college at all.", "She thanked her mother for supporting her.", "She though it impossible for her to go to that college."], ["She didn't do well in her studies.", "The family couldn't afford the high tuition.", "Her father was against her going to college.", "The college was too close to her home."], ["Because it was not easy for her to get high marks in that college.", "Because it was not easy for her to get used to the life of that college.", "Because the author's life was difficult even though she was given a scholarship.", "Because the author found it difficult to get along well with her classmates."]], "questions": ["What is the best title of the passage?", "How did the author react when her mother first wanted her to go to the best college in the country?", "Which was the biggest problem that prevented the author going to that college?", "Why does the author say \"I won't say college was easy\"?"], "article": "I was born in one of the poorest neighborhoods of Caracas. By the time I was fifteen, my parents had discussed what I wanted to do when I grew up. Mom was very excited about my future. One day she came home with a booklet from one of the best colleges in the country, which happened to be located fairly close to our neighborhood. That was one of the most expensive colleges in the country, so we could not afford it. At that point she smiled and opened the booklet. Among the descriptions was a very small paragraph indicating that there was a scholarship program. I decided to let her dream a little bit longer, so I agreed to submit my application. I didn't pay attention to the subject until the day of the admittance test. I have to confess I took the exam to humor my mom.\nThe first surprise came when I saw my name on the list. I was accepted! My dad was terrified. How were we going to pay the tuition? My mom used one of her typical answers, \"I don't know, but we will. Even if we have to work day and night, our daughter is going to that college.\" Her determination was so strong that we didn't dare say anything.\nWe filed the papers for the scholarship and for weeks we waited. Finally I got a scholarship that would cover eighty-five percent of the tuition for three years. I won't say college was easy. I had to borrow material and books because we could barely find the money to pay the fifteen percent the scholarship didn't cover.\nThe day I graduated, I gave my mom the medal. She was so proud. I remember telling her that if it hadn't been for her, I would have never even tried. She said, \"Don't worry about it, baby. Even before you were born I would pass in front of this university every day. I saw the students lying on the grass, and I would think: one day a daughter of mine is going to study there. I dreamed of this green grass too many times; it had to come true.\"\nI found a good job after college. But I never forget that it was my mom's dream that made me do what everyone thought was impossible.", "id": "high24189.txt"}