{"answers": ["D", "A"], "options": [["Careless.", "Doubtful.", "Mixed.", "Favorable."], ["pets in movies", "lovely animals", "humans and movies", "animals and humans"]], "questions": ["What is the author's attitude towards pet movies?", "The text is mainly about   _  ."], "article": "Humans love animals and they especially love animals with humanlike personalities. For this\nreason, many of the most popular films are either centered on animals or have animals as important characters. Even in a movie that has little or nothing to do with animals, a pet can add a certain emotional quality to a film's plot. As expected, dogs and cats, the two most popular pets, make up the majority of animal characters in films. But many other less common pets have had starring roles also. Snakes, rats, pigs, rabbits, horses and many others have touched our lives through their extraordinary ability to personify humans in ways that humans just can't do.\n    Most movies that feature pets as central characters are family movies that give families a platform around which delicate subjects can be discussed. Often kids have an easier time understanding subjects like death and illness if they see it through the eyes of one of these personified animals.\n    These days, computer animation and graphics allow an entirely new generation of pet movies to be made. Animals that before were never seen in a film but now appear on the big screen in life. Whether they are lions, elephants, polar bears or some other exotic animals, video stores now have hundreds of titles offering humanlike performances from any type of animal imaginable.\n    Most animal movies have at least a little comedy. Even the saddest of classics such as Bambi or Charlotte's Web contain plenty of humor to relieve the tension and make the movie bearable. These movies almost always carry with them themes of human experiences and a message of hope. Kids learn that though life carries on with pain and sorrow, we learn to live with those facts and enjoy life for its good times.\n    Perhaps one of the best parts of pet movies is the way they help wipe away our stereotypes  about certain types of pets. For example, the conflict between cats and dogs is often shown in a fun and non--violent way in the movies. If these lifelong enemies can find a way to live in harmony, then certainly we humans should have no trouble doing so. Perhaps it is the fact that animals have so much to teach us about ourselves that makes us love them so much in the movies.", "id": "high24190.txt"}