{"answers": ["D", "D", "A"], "options": [["Friendship can not be easily affected by one's family.", "Friends are always around us and will never go away.", "Friends in childhood are the best no matter what happens.", "Friends in childhood are sometimes forgotten by us."], ["Do our best to control them and make them listen to us.", "Forget them and make new friends who have a lot in common with us.", "Find the reason why our friendship has changed.", "Care about them and do the best for them when we are together."], ["how to face the changes in friendship", "how to deal with unfriendly people", "that childhood friendship is valuable", "how to share happiness with friends"]], "questions": ["What can we learn about friendship, according to the text?", "What should we do with friends who are no longer friendly according to the  text?", "The text mainly tell us   _  ."], "article": "Life affects friendships. As we grow, marry, fight in wars, move across the country or change jobs, old friendships fall away and new ones form. As long as we live, the things around us change, and as long as things change, friendships are affected.\nWhen we were children we had best friends. No matter what happened we were still friends. We live our lives, however, and do what life calls for us to do, and as we get older, memories fade, faces blur, and even friends' names from childhood are forgotten.\nDo you have a question about friendship? Do you wonder what to do with a friend who is no longer friendly? Perhaps you will see that you can't control others. If someone wants to be your friend, it is their choice. All you can do is treat them well and do the best for them when you are with them. Then you wish them well when they leave.\nYou can talk to old timers and they will tell you that life is full of incredible joy and incredible sorrow, and that what bothers you today will one day becomes a memory and the sting  will be gone. Seniors might tell you that you will learn more as you get older. They will tell you that friendships come and friendships go. Sometimes when they go it will hurt, but you will be okay with it. It's the way life works, after all.", "id": "high2419.txt"}