{"answers": ["B", "C", "A"], "options": [["should rely on themselves for a living", "need encouragement to achieve their goals", "need support from the whole society all the time", "should be encouraged to make use of their own gifts"], ["Puzzled.", "Angry.", "Disappointed.", "Worried."], ["the writer was willing to take on big challenges", "the girl was helpful even if she had disabilities", "the writer didn't like working with the children at first", "the girl's health improved a lot with the writer's help"]], "questions": ["According to the writer, people with disabilities   _  .", "How did the teachers feel about the girl before the writer came?", "We can learn from the passage that   _  ."], "article": "While I lived in Ireland, part of my college course was to work with children with special needs. I was selected to work in a school with children with disabilities  . \nI had a lot of rooms to choose from, but I chose to work in the room that was for children with severe disabilities. They had no speech and most were in a wheelchair. The teacher of that room asked if I would work with a girl who had epilepsy   and other brain disabilities. She was 15 years old. The teacher thought that it was an achievement for her to be able to put on her coat all by herself. I saw more in her. She always wanted to put string through the shaped blocks to make a necklace. For the 5 years she was in the school the teachers always tried to help her but always ended up doing all the work. \nI knew this smart girl could do more and so I encouraged her. She had a thumb which she could not move but I encouraged her so much to try. She got very upset most days and sometimes I wanted to give up. Finally after a week this young girl was able to do what she had been wanting to do by herself for so many years. Her teacher cried when she saw what this girl was able to do with just some encouragement. \nI wish everyone would encourage people rather than tell them they can't or do it for them.", "id": "high24241.txt"}