{"answers": ["C", "C", "D", "D"], "options": [["37,500,000.", "375,000,000.", "750,000,000.", "75,000,000."], ["first language", "second language", "foreign language", "mother tongue"], ["There are more than 42 countries where most of the people speak English.", "The number of people who learn English as a foreign language is mor than 750 million.", "English is the language of global culture like popular music and the Internet.", "English is the most important and widely used language in the world."], ["English will be the only language to be used in the world", "native speakers of English might find it unnecessary for them to learn a foreign language", "the number of learners of English will become smaller in the future", "to master English will become more and more important"]], "questions": ["How many people learn English as a second language?", "In China we are learning English as a     .", "Which of the following best expresses the main idea of the passage?", "Form the passage we can infer that     ."], "article": "English is a language spoken all around the world. There are more than 42 countries where the majority of the people speak English. Most native speakers of English are found in the United Kingdom, the United States, Canada, Australia, South Africa, Ireland and New Zealand. In total, for more than 375 million people, English is their mother tongue. An equal number of people learn English as a second language. These people will perhaps speak the language of their own country at home with their family, but the language of the government, schools, newspapers and TV is English.\nHowever, the number of people who learn English as a foreign language is more than 750 million. Everywhere in the world children go to school to learn English. In China, students learn English at school as a foreign language, except for those in hong Kong, where many people speak English as a first or a second language.\nIn only fifty years, English has developed into the language most widely spoken and used in the world. English is the working language of most international organizations, international trade and tourism. English is also the language of global culture, such as popular music and the Internet. You can listen to English songs on the radio or use English to communicate with people around the world through the Internet. With so many people communicating in English every day, it will become more and more important to have a good knowledge of English.", "id": "high24253.txt"}