{"answers": ["C", "A", "A", "D"], "options": [["has raised a storm of objections and all the Americans object to it", "is legal and accepted by the public in USA", "is permitted in New York now, but still remains controversial", "is merely legal in New York and Manhattan"], ["Margie Phelps and the other Christians came from a long distance to claim that same-sex marriage was against the Holy Bible.", "David Schwartz, who is a Jew, believes that human being has free choice and that same-sex marriage is defined by the Holy Bible.", "Douglas Robinson and Michael Elsasser have been married for 25 years.", "Nevin Cohen and Daniel Hernandez got their marriage certificate on Monday in New York."], ["the US is open to different views", "God has ordered a man should marry a woman.", "God will punish New York City for permitting same-sex marriage", "a number of homosexual couples were waiting to be married on Sunday in New York"], ["Religious Debate on Marriage", "Moral Decay in Marriage", "Happy Homosexual Couples in USA", "First Gay Marriage Legalized in New York"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, same-sex marriage  _  .", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?", "We can infer from the passage that   _  .", "Which of the following is the best title for this passage?"], "article": "Homosexual couples in New York are being married for the first time after Governor Andrew Cuomo signed a law permitting same-sex marriage in the state last month. But such marriages, though now legal in New York, remain controversial . \nSo many couples wanted to be married on Sunday, the first day of legal homosexual marriage in New York City, that local officials announced a lottery   to determine qualification.\nNew York City Council Speaker Christine Quinn, herself openly gay, witnessed the first two ceremonies of same-sex marriage. She says the same-sex marriage law supports equality. \"A law that says every family is as good as every other family; that every family is based on love, and is exactly the way God wants it to be,\" she said.\nMargie Phelps announced same-sex marriage as a crime against God. She and other Christians from the Westboro Baptist Church in Topeka, Kansas came halfway across the country to say marriage is defined by Holy Bible. \"The pattern is one man and one woman for life to have children who you raise in the nurture and admonition of the Lord,\" she said.\nDavid Schwartz, a traditional Jew, believes every human being has free choice and the power to rule over their desires. He considers homosexual desire to be wrong. \"There's one God in heaven and earth, and he has ordered for all mankind that they should limit their affections to relationships between a man and a woman in the context of marriage,\" he said.\nDouglas Robinson and his partner of 25 years, Michael Elsasser, were in the first group to be married in Manhattan. Robinson says the United States allows religious views to coexist with(...) what he believes is a civil right of same-sex marriage. \"You can have different opinions. This is a tent, some people call it a mixture of various different cultures and opinions and the like, so God bless America, and we are proud to be Americans,\" he said.\nMargie Phelps believes God will punish New York City for permitting what she believes to be moral decay. \nMeanwhile, Nevin Cohen and Daniel Hernandez showed off their marriage certificate. But they said they will not be going on a honeymoon. They say they need to be at work in New York on Monday.", "id": "high24257.txt"}