{"answers": ["D", "C", "B"], "options": [["To produce all kinds of chocolate.", "To replace the traditional chocolate.", "To change the coffee flavor.", "To increase people's dining experience."], ["His new products will come out once a year.", "Le Whif is a revolution that will change people's life completely.", "The whiffing products in the future will be improved.", "Le Whif can make people eat less food."], ["customers can buy Le Whif all over the world", "Le Whif hasn't been made available in British stores", "Le Whif can help to lose weight but is harmful to health", "Le Whif contains hundreds of tiny food particles which are small enough to enter the lungs"]], "questions": ["What is the main purpose of inventing Le Whif?", "Which of the following statements does David Edwards agree with?", "From the passage, we know that   _  ."], "article": "Le Whif, an inhaler  that allows chocolate lovers to meet their needs whenever they please without putting on weight, is to be released in British stores. The invention, called the world's first breathable food by its creators, let consumers suck in the taste of chocolate and coffee while taking on less than one calorie. Its makers claim it will enable dieters to enjoy their favorite snacks without worrying about their waistline.\nThe lip-stick-style tube contains hundreds of milligrams of tiny food particles which are small enough to become conveyed by air, but too large to enter the lungs. Each Le Whif contains enough flavor about eight to ten whiffs  and costs $1.99 on its own or $4.99 for a pack of three. The inhaler is available in chocolate, raspberry chocolate and mint chocolate models as well as coffee flavor, which gives a dose of caffeine equivalent to a small short of strong black coffee.\nIt was invented by Prof. David Edwards. He said Le Whif was not designed to replace food but could be used to increase dining experience, such as allowing people to sample a variety of dishes from restaurant menus before ordering their meals He said, \"In terms of living off whiffing we aren't even close to being there. But there clearly has been a revolution over the last few years where we are eating smaller amounts of food more frequently, and choosing food or its aesthetic  pleasure. We will be launching new whiffing experiences probably every six months. It is reasonable to assume that the next line of whiffing products will be even more health-centered.\nThe product that was released in Paris in 2009 and the initial production run of 25,000 inhalers were sold out within a month. It has since been made available across France and in the US. In Britain Le Whif is to be sold firstly in House of Fraser for a month, after which it could become more widely distributed.", "id": "high24251.txt"}