{"answers": ["A", "B", "C", "D"], "options": [["they have deep effects on our future", "they have nothing to do with our career", "we are faced with choices everywhere", "we should not waste our precious time"], ["I care only about my own business.", "I am willing to give a hand.", "I should be responsible for my life", "I prefer to turn to my friends for help."], ["A positive attitude helps us achieve greater success .", "We should treat others fairly though we are wronged.", "All our bad habits should be kicked at the same time.", "Giving what we have to others will pay off in the end."], ["persuade readers to make changes", "illustrate how to succeed in career", "tell readers to live a meaningless life", "offer some tips on making choices"]], "questions": ["We should make wise choices today because   _   .", "If you are a giver, which of the following would you do ?", "Which of the following statements would the author not accept ?", "The purpose of writing this article is to   _   ."], "article": "The direction of our lives is determined by the choices we make every day. They accumulate  and lead to our final destination. Success in life is not a gift that just falls on people like a ripe pawpaw! It is a choice you have to make. The life you are going to live tomorrow is just a direct product of your choice today.\n   It is pointless to waste our time today and hope for a successful tomorrow. Everything that happens in your life depends on what you are doing today. Your future begins with a choice. Here are some tips that help you create a life of fulfillment and prosperity in the future.\nChoose to be positive. A positive mental attitude will put you miles ahead of your peers  . Never say never. Your attitude determines your altitude. It is more valuable than skills. Choose a positive attitude and things will start to work for you. \nChoose to always treat others right. We come across all sorts of people, many of whom will treat us poorly. We can choose to treat them right, no matter how they treat us. When they lie, we will tell the truth. When they cheat, we will play by the rules. We may get the short end of the stick sometimes, but in the long run we will win. \nChoose to sow more than you reap. There are many takers in this world, but our lives will be better as we become givers. Give away your time, your money and your love and you will most likely get it back sooner or later!\nChoose to break bad habit. Take the big ones first. Make every effort to break them. Forget about the others, as you will get to them later. Stop smoking, get out of debt and lose your extra weight. Exercise the power to choose! \nChoose to get home for dinner more often. The family is the most important group of people you will ever belong to. Make a decision today to develop your relationship with your family. This one choice you will never regret. \n   You have a chance today to change your life forever. Make the right choices .", "id": "high24268.txt"}