{"answers": ["C"], "options": [["is useless for writing well", "should be as large as possible", "should be kept in a certain size", "is difficult for children to know"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, spacing between letters   _  ."], "article": "People often joke that when a person has bad handwriting he must be a doctor. Handwriting is still an important part of our everyday life. We may spend a lot of time typing on a computer for work and less time writing things down, but it doesn't mean we should forget the basic skills. The following may be useful for you to help a child develop great handwriting skills. \nWriting paper is very important. Since children are discovering which way the letters shape and bend , you need to give them enough room to experiment. Constricting their writing space will cause them to develop skills that won't be helpful. \nSpacing between letters is a must. Before they learn to read words they see how letters of the alphabet are placed. There is a space between each letter, not a large space but enough to show that it's being reserved .When they begin to write, you can suggest that they lay their fingers between the letters they have written and the letters they are going to write. \nExpress praise for any effort and correct with loving kindness. When children are trying things for the first time, they want to succeed. They see their parents skillfully cooking and driving and to them, you are the master, and they want to be masters, too. Help them correct their own writing as well; don't do it for them, or they will expect it each time. Pretty soon you will have few hand written notes with backwards letters covering your refrigerator. \nFind some handwriting worksheets  and it will become more funny to learn how to write. Schools can offer that kind of lesson. Give them something interesting to do with their handwriting skills will help them develop more confidence. And remember that learning takes time. Try to make them learn something while they are learning to write, and you will get unexpected results sometime later.", "id": "high24263.txt"}