{"answers": ["D", "A", "B"], "options": [["She meant to offer him some advice.", "She hoped to know more about him.", "She expected to make friends with him.", "She wanted to find out what he needed."], ["To make Jake avoid feeling embarrassed.", "To inform that she did a good deed.", "To let him know how poor Jake was.", "To ask him to show concern about Jake."], ["A mother's love.", "An act of kindness.", "Emma's school life.", "Jake's poor situation at school."]], "questions": ["Why did Emma talk to Jake the next day?", "Why did the author give the backpack to the principal?", "What is the text mainly about?"], "article": "My ten-year-old daughter Emma got home yesterday and spoke of a boy called Jake in her class. Being quite overweight, Jake is the butt of many jokes and is treated very badly by other kids. Jake gives the impression that he's got a nice guy, mostly because he's constantly picked on.\nFor several nights this week Emma came home upset about the fact that Jake gets picked on so much. She also mentioned that Jake had no school supplies as his family could not afford them. He was constantly asking to borrow paper, which just gives kids even more reason to pick on him.\nOne night Emma was extremely upset about this situation. We sat together that evening and discussed it in great detail. I suggested Emma talk to Jake and found out what supplies he needed.\nThe next day Emma talked to Jake and came to realize that Jake had a heart of gold, but rarely was able to show it because he was always on the defensive. Emma asked Jake to make a list of the school supplies he needed. Jake put down 3 ring binders, paper, pens, pencils and a pencil sharpener. Emma told him she would help and he was most thankful.\nThat evening Emma and I went to the store and bought everything for Jake! When we got home, we put all the supplies into a brand new grey backpack--because Jake did not have a backpack either.\nThe next day, I brought the bag to the school principal and asked him to give the bag to Jake discreetly so that he did not have to feel embarrassed.\nThat night Emma got home with smiles on her face. The principal had called Jake to his office and gave him the bag. As Jake walked into the classroom, he looked at Emma and later thanked her very much for all the stuff. He loved it all!\nEmma said it was so nice to see him take out his new pencil box and start arranging his pencils and pens. He seemed very happy.", "id": "high24271.txt"}