{"answers": ["D", "B", "A", "A"], "options": [["Pieces of pottery.", "Jewelry.", "Paintings.", "Models of trains."], ["It is the oldest railway museum in Europe.", "It covers the history of the railways in Germany.", "It offers information about the transport in Germany.", "It is built inside an ancient Roman house."], ["Roman Open Air Museum", "Kingspor Museum", "Optical Museum Jena", "Deutsches Museums"], ["To attract more visitors to the museums.", "To act as an introduction to the history of Germany.", "To make Germany more popular.", "To call on people to do something for the museums."]], "questions": ["Which of the following is not displayed in the Roman Open Air Museum?", "What can we learn about the German Railway Museum?", "If you want to learn about the history of Germany, you can go to the   _  .", "What is the author's purpose in writing the text?"], "article": "Museums in Germany\nGermany is one of the most important countries in Europe. You can visit many museums in Germany and learn about the country, its culture and people.\nIf you are interested in learning about the history of the country, then you can have a look at the displays in the wonderful museum in the Roman Open Air Museum in Hechingen Stein. This museum, with its large numbers of artifacts   like paintings, pieces of pottery, tools, jewelry and other items, provides a complete picture of Roman history in Germany. The museum is built inside an ancient Roman house called \"Villa Rustica\".\nApart from this, another German museum that is worth visiting is the DB Museum, or the German Railway Museum. It is the oldest railway museum in the country, and it offers a comprehensive insight into the history of the railways in Germany. Here, you can see models of trains and engines from an ancient era. If this interests you, you can also visit the Museum of Communication, where you can learn a lot about the transport in Germany. It is a great place to visit with your family.\nAnother famous museum in Germany, where you can learn a lot about the culture, is the Gutenberg Museum. This museum is filled with ancient memorabilia and artifacts that deal with the history of printing, not only of Germany, but of the whole world. This, in fact, is the oldest printing museum in the world. Amongst the many displays of interesting objects, the most famous is the second Gutenberg Bible. Apart from the museums mentioned above, other museums that are worth visiting include the German Leather Museum, Kingspor Museum, Optical Museum Jena, Deutsches Museums and others. Each of the museums in Germany deals with a different theme.\nYou can visit the museums in Germany with your family and have a good time looking at the displays.", "id": "high2432.txt"}