{"answers": ["B", "A", "D"], "options": [["Something is wrong with the country's basic education system.", "Most children have to find a job at an early age.", "The final exam is too difficult for most children.", "Most children cannot complete high school until they are 16."], ["they don't work hard enough", "their schools do not have laboratories", "they cannot get help from libraries", "there are not enough skilled teachers"], ["Schools should focus more on maths and science than any other subject.", "More educational reforms should be carried out in South African schools.", "The more teachers teach maths and science, the better marks students may get.", "More attention should be paid to language differences in maths and science classes."]], "questions": ["What is the real concern of Shireen Motala?", "South African students perform poorly in science for all of the following reasons, EXCEPT   _  .", "With which of the following would Shireen Motala most probably agree?"], "article": "Since the 1990s, education has been required for all South Africans from age seven to fifteen. Last December, the government announced that 70% of students passed their final examination to finish high school. In 2008, the pass rate was about 63%. There have been increases each year since then.\nProfessor Shireen Motala says basic education is no longer a problem in South Africa. Most children stay in school until they are about sixteen. The problem is that large numbers of them leave without completing high school.\nStudents take an examination known as the \"matric\"  in Grade Twelve. Professor Motala says, \"Less than half of the children who started school in 2000 sat for the matric last year. Many dropped out of school, so only around 45% took the matric. And the worry is where those students actually go.\" Those who drop out have to compete with better educated people for jobs.\nEducational researchers also point to another problem. South African schools do not produce enough students with the skills for higher education in maths and science. Many schools are not well-equipped. Children do not see laboratories, and, as a result, their science marks are not very good. They do not have libraries at school. Also, many teachers do not have the skills or training to do their jobs.\nIn South Africa, a number of teachers were poorly trained before. Secondly, teachers have been confused by the many educational reform efforts in the last fifteen years. Finally, language differences in the classroom have not got as much attention as they should, which is a huge problem. Subjects such as maths and science are taught in English starting at about the age of ten. But South Africa has eleven official languages.\nSouth Africa's minister of basic education promises a number of improvements. Angie Motshega says teacher development efforts will focus on subject and content knowledge, making sure that the correct teachers are in the correct jobs.", "id": "high2433.txt"}