{"answers": ["C", "D", "B", "A"], "options": [["Climbing hills on bicycles is the best way to take exercise.", "People are wise to pay to go to the gym.", "Those who want to achieve success can't expect to live an easy life.", "People's attitude towards adversity is the only factor that determines whether they will succeed."], ["Failure is the mother of success.", "A fall into the pit, a gain in your wit.", "If you venture nothing, you will have nothing.", "Nothing is difficult to the man who will try."], ["how his friend helped him to change his attitude towards the adversity he faced", "what steps to take to change your attitude towards the adversity you face", "what great people have in common", "why it is important to keep optimistic in face of adversity"], ["Face adversity with a smile", "Different attitudes towards adversity", "Nothing is impossible", "Life is full of adversity"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is true according to the author of the passage?", "By quoting what Douglas Bader said, the author intends to tell us \"  _  \".", "Following this passage, the author will further talk about   _  .", "Which of the following can best function as the title of the passage?"], "article": "I told my friend Graham that I often cycle two miles from my house to the town centre but unfortunately there is a big hill on the route. He replied, \"You mean fortunately.\" He explained that I should be glad of the extra exercise that the hill provided.\nMy attitude to the hill has now changed. I used to _ as I approached it but now I tell myself the following. This hill will exercise my heart and lungs. It will help me to lose weight and get fit. It will mean that I live longer. This hill is my friend. Finally I comfort myself with the thought of all those silly people who pay money to go to a gym and sit on stationery exercise bicycles when I can get the same value for free. I have a smile of satisfaction as I reach the top of the hill.\nProblems are there to be faced and overcome. We cannot achieve anything with an easy life. Helen Keller was the first deaf and blind person to gain a university degree. Her activism and writing proved inspirational. She wrote, \"Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experiences of trial and suffering can vision be cleared, ambition inspired and success achieved.\"\nOne of the key factors of success in life is our attitude towards adversity  . From time to time we all face hardships, problems, accidents, afflictions and difficulties. Some are of our making but many confront us through no fault of our own. While we cannot choose the adversity we can choose our attitude towards it.\nDouglas Bader was 21 when in 1931 he had both legs cut off following a flying accident. He was determined to fly again and went on to become one of the leading flying aces in the Battle of Britain with 22 aerial victories over the Germans. He was an inspiration to others during the war. He said, \"Don't listen to anyone who tells you that you can't do this or that. That's nonsense. Make up your mind, and you'll never use crutches   or a stick, and then have a go at evening. Go to school, and join in all the games you can. Go anywhere you want to. But never, never let them persuade you that things are too difficult or impossible.\"\nThe biographies of great people are full of examples of how they took steps to overcome the difficulties they faced. The common thread is that they did not become depressed. They chose their attitude. They chose to be positive. They took on the challenge. They won.\nNevertheless, there is still the problem of how you change your attitude towards adversity.", "id": "high2434.txt"}