{"answers": ["B", "C", "C"], "options": [["succeed without effort and hard work", "encourage people around to become confident", "appear more attractive and thus become successful", "gain the confidence of others and feel successful"], ["praise them in return", "gain further improvement", "politely accept the compliments", "expect them to congratulate you again"], ["tell people how to become successful", "convince people to do what they believe to be right", "encourage people to build confidence and achieve success", "criticize people who lack confidence and thus fail in their career"]], "questions": ["Those who are truly confident   _  .", "When others congratulate us on our achievements, we are supposed to   _  .", "The purpose of the text is to   _  ."], "article": "Nothing succeeds like confidence. When you are truly confident, it radiates   from you like sunlight, and attracts success to you like a magnet  . Besides, those who are self-confident can in turninspire (encourage)confidence in others: their audience, their peers, their bosses, their customers, and their friends. And gaining the confidence of others is one of the key ways in which a self-confident person finds success.\nSo how can we build a sense of self-confidence and prepare ourselves on the way to success?\nFirst, do what you believe to be right, even if others _ or criticize you for it. Believe in yourself and believe that you can do it in any situations, because if you believe you can, then you really will. The belief keeps you searching for answers, which means that pretty soon you will get them.\nSecond, govern your behavior based on what other people think. What's more important, be willing to take risks and go the extra miles to achieve better results, in which case mistakes can not be avoided. Always be ready to admit your mistakes, and learn from them. Next, work hard to settle the problems in order to cover up your mistakes before anyone notices. Building self-confidence is readily achievable, as long as you have the focus and determination to carry things through. And what's even better is that the things you'll do to build self-confidence will also build success -- after all, your confidence will come from real, solid achievement. No one can take this away from you!\nAs you sow, so will you reap. With your perseverance   and improvement, you are getting closer to success. At this stage, wait for others to give congratulations and compliments on your achievements. \"Thanks, I really worked hard on it. I'm pleased you recognize my efforts.\" The congratulations and compliments from others will promote you to gain further success.\nSelf-confidence is extremely important in almost every aspect of our lives, and it is no wonder that so many people struggle to find it. Self-confidence really can be learned and built on. Besides, whether you're working on your own self-confidence or building the confidence of people around you, it's well worth the effort!", "id": "high2438.txt"}