{"answers": ["B", "D", "C", "C"], "options": [["the husband was careless", "the wife ignored the matter", "the husband was busy", "the wife wasn't informed of the matter"], ["It contained poison only for adults", "It was kept in the kitchen", "It was broken by the child", "It appeared like a nice drink"], ["optimistic", "confident", "considerate", "generous"], ["Think of nothing and life will be easy", "It is always useless finding who is responsible", "Let go the negative side and we can enjoy life.", "Life should give way to responsibility"]], "questions": ["The uncapped medical bottle was not put back into the cupboard because  _  .", "What do we know about the bottle?  _  .", "The husband's attitude towards his wife can be described as  _  .", "What did the writer intend to tell us about life?  _  ."], "article": "A boy was born to a couple after eleven years of marriage. They were a loving couple and loved the boy very much. When the boy was around two years old, one morning the husband saw a medicine bottle open. He was late for work so he asked the wife to cap the bottle and keep it in the cupboard. The mother, preoccupied in the kitchen, totally forgot the matter.\nThe boy saw the bottle and playfully went to the bottle and, fascinated with its color, drank it all. It happened to be a poisonous medicine meant for adults in small dosages . When the child fell down, the mother hurried him to the hospital, where he died. The mother was shocked. She was terrified how to face her husband.\nWhen the father came to the hospital and saw the dead child, he looked at his wife and uttered just four words. The husband just said 'I am with you, Darling'. The husband's totally unexpected reaction is active behavior. The child is dead. He can never be brought back to life. There is no point in finding fault with the mother. Besides, if he had taken time to keep the bottle away, this would not have happened. No point in attaching blame. She had also lost her only child. What she needed at that moment was comfort and sympathy from the husband. That is what he gave her.\nIf everyone can look at life with this kind of viewpoint, there would be much fewer problems in the world. Take off all your envies, unforgiveness, selfishness, and fears and you will find things are actually not as difficult as you think. Sometimes we spend time asking who is responsible or whom to blame, whether in a relationship, in a job or with the people we know. By this way we miss out some warmth in human relationship.", "id": "high2448.txt"}