{"answers": ["C", "C", "D"], "options": [["will work harder on assignments and learn more", "can deal more easily with stress independently", "can achieve more and understand themselves better", "are always optimistic and ready to help those in need"], ["how a likeable teacher's teaching style is formed", "how a teacher's likeability gains popularity", "if a likeable teacher draws more attention", "if a likeable teacher has a positive personality"], ["likeable people give better advice", "likeable people do better in their childhood", "social creatures enjoy more advantages", "likeable people do better in life generally"]], "questions": ["According to Dr. Leonard, likeable children   _  .", "The main purpose of the studies done by Michael Delucchi is to find   _  .", "The passage aims at proving that   _  ."], "article": "One period of our lives when better results are demanded of us is, strangely enough, childhood. Despite being young we are expected to achieve good grades, stay out of trouble, make friends at school, do well on tests, perform chores  at home and so on. It's not easy.\nLikeable children enjoy many advantages, including the ability to deal more easily with stresses of growing up.In her bookUnderstanding Child Stress, Dr. Carolyn Leonard states that children who are likeable and optimistic are able to gain support from others. This leads to focus and resilience , the ability to recover from or adjust early to life stress. Much research shows that resilience has enabled children to succeed in school, avoid drug abuse, and develop a healthy self-awareness .\nWhy does a likeable child more easily handle stress and do better in his or her life? Because likeability helps create what's known as a positive feedback loop . The positive feelings you want to see in other people are returned to you, creating constant encouragement and motivation to deal with the daily stress of life.\nThis feedback loop continues into adulthood. To return once again to the example of teaching, learning becomes easier with a likeable personality. Michael Delucchi of the University of Hawaii reviewed dozens of studies to determine if likeable teachers received good ratings because of their likeability or because they in fact taught well. Delucchi found that \"Students who perceive  a teacher as likeable, in contrast to  those who do not, may be more attentive to the information that the teacher delivers and they'll work harder on assignments, and they will learn more.\"\nYou may have noticed this pattern in your own life when you try to give some advice. The more positive your relationship with that person, the more he or she seems to listen, and the more you feel certain that that person has heard you and intends to act on your words.", "id": "high2450.txt"}