{"answers": ["A", "D", "B"], "options": [["how to help traumatized children to get over", "the bad effects disasters bring to children", "the psychological problems children before ten are likely to suffer", "the importance of caring families"], ["more mature", "less dependent", "willing to help", "ready to attack"], ["Allowing them freedom for some time.", "Asking them to hold their feelings.", "Encouraging them to show their grief.", "Talking them into taking care of others."]], "questions": ["This passage is mainly about  _  .", "According to the passage, a child who has just experienced a devastating disaster may become  _  .", "Which is NOT advisable when dealing with the traumatized children?"], "article": "After an earthquake or any similar disaster, parents and teachers need to help children overcome the effects of this frightening and sometimes devastating ( ) experience. Psychologists  say that if children go through a disturbing event before the age of ten, they are three times as likely to suffer psychological problems as teenagers. After a disaster children may become easily upset, shy, aggressive , or afraid of wind, rain, noises, or darkness. They may have trouble letting go of their parents and resist going to school or daycare. Some children may even feel guilty thinking that they somehow caused the disaster through their bad behavior.  Because of such common reactions, parents and others should begin as soon after the event as possible helping these children.\nSome suggestions include talking to the children about what happened, letting the children express their own feelings, spending extra time with them doing activities together and reassuring  them that you love them and won't leave them. For some children expressing themselves through drawing pictures or writing can be useful. Do everything possible to help children get back to a normal routine; however, don't be afraid to \"spoil\" these children for a while after the disaster.  Let them have extra privileges  and more attention than usual.  Encourage the children to grieve  after a loss. It should be OK for them to cry. Caring families and friends can do much to heal children victims of disasters.", "id": "high2472.txt"}