{"answers": ["C", "B", "A"], "options": [["It was hoped that it would bring them good future and make the trees more beautiful.", "Nobody knew why there was such a strange custom that it could make them lucky.", "It might come from the tradition of making offerings to gods hundreds of years ago.", "It was said that god's spirits lived in trees and doing so could please the gods of the trees."], ["some people attached \"love padlocks\" to bridges and fences to symbolize lasting romance", "a particular way in which people made good wishes is still popular in the UK", "visitors tossed money into ponds for good luck just as they knocked coins into the trees", "a long history of a strange phenomenon of old trees with coins in the UK"], ["Who Says Money Doesn't Grow on Trees?", "Do Trees with Some Coins Become Valuable?", "Is It Really Amazing to Have Coins Fixed into Trees?", "What Is the Purpose of Knocking Coins into Trees?"]], "questions": ["What was the real reason why in UK people knocked coins into the old trees?", "The passage mainly tells us that  _  .", "Which of the following can be used as the best title for the passage?"], "article": "They say money doesn't grow on trees. But it certainly appears to do so on the mysterious coin-studded  trunks dotted around the UK's woodland. The strange phenomenon of old trees with coins fixed firmly all over their bark has been spotted on trails from the Peak District to the Scottish Highlands. The coins are usually knocked into felled   tree trunks using stones by passers-by, who hope it will bring them good fortune.\nThese fascinating spectacles often have coins from centuries ago buried deep in their bark and warped by the passage of time. The tradition of making offerings to gods at wishing trees dates back hundreds of years, but _ . It used to be believed that god's spirits lived in trees, and they were often decorated with sweets and gifts -- as is still done today at Christmas. The act is like tossing money into ponds for good luck, or the trend for couples to attach \"love padlocks\" to bridges and fences to symbolize lasting romance. Some pubs, such as the Punch Bowl in Askham, Cumbria, have old timbers with splits in them into which coins are forced for luck. There are seven felled tree trunks with coins pushed into them in the picturesque village of Portmeirion, in Wales.\nMeurig Jones, an estate manager at the tourist destination, told the BBC, \"We had no idea why it was being done when we first noticed the tree trunk was being filled with coins. I did some detective work and discovered that trees were sometimes used as 'wishing trees'. In Britain it dates back to the 1700s -- there is one tree somewhere in Scotland which apparently has an old coin stuck into it. \" He said that a sick person could press a coin into a tree and their illness would go away. If someone then takes the coin out though, it's said they then become ill. We haven't made it known at all, it's just happened,\" he added. \"It's quite amazing really.\" In Scotland, there is also a legend about a kissing tree. If a young man could drive a nail into a tree with one blow, he earned a kiss from his sweetheart.", "id": "high2478.txt"}