{"answers": ["B", "A"], "options": [["They are sure to have trouble finding a suitable restaurant.", "They are sure to watch the sunset in the evening.", "They are sure to take your trains.", "They are sure to come across storms."], ["Key West, Florida: A great vacation city", "Key West, Florida: A charming and fun city", "Key West, Florida: A beautiful sunset", "Key West, Florida: A most southern city"]], "questions": ["What will certainly happen when visitors come to Key West?", "What would be the best title for the text?"], "article": "Key West, Florida is a wonderful place to spend a vacation. It is a truly charming and fun city for the whole family. And of course you will get the good weather of Florida, with which you have plenty of time to enjoy the outdoor activities.\nKey West is the most southern city in the continental USA. That is why their sunsets are so amazing. The sun is brighter there at sunset than anywhere else. It's so beautiful that everyone gathers every evening at Mallory Dock to watch it. And there you will see jugglers   and musicians entertaining in the streets.\nThe houses surrounded by trees and flowers are lovely in Key West, and many are restored and absolutely charming. There are too many hotels, inns, guest houses and restaurants to talk about. They all look great and their prices change according to seasons, and you can find something to suit every pocketbook and every taste.\nAt the seaport you will see various boats. It's very interesting. The city is rich in history and was home to Ernest Hemingway. Harry Truman chose it for his winter White House. There are so many public transportation--taxis, tour trains, trolleys, bikes--and you can even walk if you choose. There are beautiful coral reefs. The deep reefs are farther off shore and are best visited with an experienced guide. However, there are shallow reefs close in where snorkelers   can explore to their heart's content. At Key West Marine Park you can do some good snorkeling.  In Key West you can go diving, fishing and do all sorts of water sports.\nThe problem with Key West is that no one ever wants to leave. Be sure to take your camera with you because you will want to snap   everything you see. And whatever you do, be sure to take in the sunset because it is nothing like anything you have ever seen.", "id": "high248.txt"}