{"answers": ["B", "C", "C", "D"], "options": [["The first one was created in England.", "They are very popular in Germany.", "There are 400 all over the world.", "Their number is huge in the U.S."], ["Kids learn more than those at ordinary kindergartens.", "Students go outside when weather permits.", "They value activity very much.", "They are situated in forests."], ["the subjects", "the activities", "the outdoor time", "the teaching methods"], ["Get close to nature", "A new trend of education", "Forest kindergartens are popular", "Outdoor education benefits kids a lot"]], "questions": ["What do we know about forest kindergartens?", "What is special about forest kindergartens?", "The main difference between the Waldorf School and Cedar Song Nature School lies in  _  .", "Which of the following would be the best title for the text?"], "article": "Kindergarten outside? Yes, indeed. It's part of a growing worldwide trend toward outdoor education. The schools are called forest kindergartens.\nThe numbers are small so far in the U.S., but the idea is well established in Europe, with schools in Scotland, England, and Switzerland. By far the most such schools are in Germany, which has more than 400 forest kindergartens.\nSome schools feature several hours of outdoor schooling. This is certainly the case with the Waldorf School of Saratoga Springs. Children there will be venturing out on the nearby Hemlock Trail to learn more about the natural world. Some lessons are focused on nature; others are academic topics delivered in a natural setting. In all cases, students are active-not sitting at desks or on mats on the floor but walking, running, jumping, solving problems like how to get the mud off the bottoms of their shoes before their parents find out.\nSeriously, the focus is on activity at these schools. Studies have shown that children's immune systems actually get stronger after all of the outdoor activity, and that graduates of forest kindergartens show a higher ability to learn when they progress through their academic careers.\nOther schools are all outdoors, all the time. This is the case with the Cedar Song Nature School, on Vashon Island, Washington. Students at this school spend their whole three-hour day outdoors, in a private five-acre forest, doing all kinds of physical activities.\nAt these forest kindergartens, students learn science by observing and doing it, learn math by applying it to the natural world around them, learn letters and words by putting them together using sights and sounds. These students learn how to get along with one another, individually and in a group. They also develop healthy levels of self-confidence.\nNowadays many children become obese  because of sedentary  activities like watching television and playing video games. These outdoor schools give children chances to learn just as much, if not more, from opening their eyes to the real world around them.", "id": "high2480.txt"}