{"answers": ["C", "B", "B", "C"], "options": [["Seeing the doctor", "Taking medicine", "Natural eye care", "Being happy all the time"], ["age", "height", "reading", "computers"], ["Eat healthy foods.", "Have a rest after working for a while.", "Wear a pair of sunglasses.", "Clean the eye by using cold water"], ["Ways of Being Happy", "Ways of Eye Exercises", "Ways of Eye Care", "Ways of Being Healthy"]], "questions": ["_   is the most important way to protect our eyes.", "All the following causes can lead to bad eyesight except   _  .", "What should you do if you have to work in front of the computer?", "Which is the best title of the passage?"], "article": "Many of us don't pay much attention to the importance of eye care. It is said that if you take care of your body, then you can surely be healthy. That is why our eyes should be given a lot of care. Natural eye care should be put in a number one place.\nThere are several causes leading to poor eyesight like not enough food, genes   and aging  . Televisions, computers and reading are also the causes of having poor eyesight. If you happen to work in front of the computer, it is best to take a break every once in a while. Something dirty can cause redness and they will make you feel uncomfortable. It is bad for your eyes, too. If this happens, the best way is to clean your eyes by using cold water. You must also try your best to protect your eyes from harmful things. For example, sunglasses are not just for fashion but they can also serve as a great way to protect your eyesight form UV rays.\nEating healthy foods will do good to your eyesight. Remember that vitamins A, C and E are good for eyes. Try to eat food groups that have these vitamins. And you should do eye exercises because exercise protects your eyesight, too. If a person exercises regularly   and eats the right kind of food, his eyes will stay in good condition for a long time.\nAll above are natural ways of eye care that help us keep healthy eyes. Being happy all the time can be helpful to a person's eyesight, too. In a word, eye care is very important, no matter how old a person is.", "id": "high2490.txt"}