{"answers": ["C", "B", "D", "B"], "options": [["It is a day to show love to mothers", "It is a day to wear carnations", "It is a day for people to visit the cemetery", "It is a day for many people to attend religious services"], ["Mrs. Do", "Margaret Chase Smith", "Ann Jarvis", "Woodrow Wilson"], ["one should wear a red carnation if one's mother pass away", "on Mother's Day, families often go out to have barbecues", "on Father's Day, people often stay at home to celebrate the special day.", "The purpose to have these two special days is to show love to parents"], ["call on people to love and respect their parents.", "introduce Mother's Day and Father's Day.", "tell the difference between Mother's Day and Father's Day", "show how important fathers and mothers are"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, which of the following about the second Sunday in May is not true ?", "Who plays the most important role in Father's Day becoming a national commemorative day?", "From the passage, we know in the U.S   _  .", "The author's purpose of writing this passage is to   _"], "article": "People in the United States honor their parents with two special days: Mother's Day, on the second Sunday in May, and Father's Day, on the third Sunday in June.\nMother's Day was proclaimed a day for national observance by President Woodrow Wilson in 1915. Ann Jarvis from Grafton, West Virginia, had started the idea to have a day to honor mothers. She was the one who chose the second Sunday in May and also began the custom of wearing a carnation.\nIn 1909, Mrs. Dodd from Spokane, Washington, thought of the idea of a day to honor fathers. She wanted to honor her own father, William Smart. After her mother died, he had the responsibility of raising a family of five sons and a daughter. In 1910, the first Father's Day was observed in Spokane. Senator Margaret Chase Smith helped to establish Father's Day as a national commemorative day, in 1972.\nThese days are set aside to show love and respect for parents. They raise their children and educate them to be responsible citizens. They give love and care.\nThese two special days are celebrated in many different ways. On Mother's Day people wear carnations. A red one symbolizes a living mother. A white one shows that the mother is dead.Many people attend religious services to honor parents. It is also a day when people whose parents are dead visit the cemetery. On these days families get together at home, as well as in restaurants. They often have outdoor barbecues for Father's Day. These are days of fun and good feelings and memories.", "id": "high2503.txt"}