{"answers": ["C", "C", "D", "C"], "options": [["more important than a knowledge of woodcraft", "less important than a knowledge of woodcraft", "just as important as a knowledge of woodcraft", "not as important as a knowledge of woodcraft"], ["Check your position by the compass again and again.", "Decide how long ago it was that you got lost.", "Tell which way to go by studying the sun/the stars.", "Mark blazes on four sides of a tree and be sure to see them from any direction."], ["one tends to move too slowly at night", "some animals will attack you", "emergencies occur most frequently at night", "it is more difficult to check your position"], ["avoid animals' attacks", "save many extra miles of travel", "avoid hacking a way through unbroken jungle", "have a rich supply of drinking water"]], "questions": ["To keep alive in the jungle, you should make it clear that the right equipment is   _  .", "If you lose your way in the jungle, which of the following can NOT be done?", "The author is strongly against traveling at night probably because   _  .", "\"It is wise to follow streams and rivers\", which will ensure you to   _  ."], "article": "Jungle  country is not friendly to man,but it is possible to survive there. You must have the right equipment and you must know a few important things about woodcraft . Then your chances of staying alive are very good.\nNo one should go into the jungle without the right equipment. You need lightweight clothing, a good knife, and a compass. Fishhooks and a line,a rifle,matches in a waterproof container and a poncho  are necessary too. So is a mosquito net  to protect the head.\nIn the jungle you can get hopelessly lost within five minutes after leaving known landmark . That is why you should always carry a compass. In open country during the day, you can tell which way to go by studying the sun. At night the stars are sure guides to direction. But in most places the jungle rooftop is so thick that it is impossible to see the sun or the stars. Again and again you must check your position by the compass.\nKeep alert . Watch the ground in front of you carefully. Stop and listen now and again. Avoid haste , and rest often. In a place that is hot and humid , the person who sets a fast pace will soon become tired. A steady and even pace is wisest in the long run.\nIf you lose your way, don't panic. Try to decide how long it has been since you were sure of your position. Mark the spot where you are with blazes on a tree. Put them on four sides of the tree, so that you will be able to see them from any direction. Then you can beginretracing your steps(going back exactly the way you have come), knowing that you can always find the spot from which you started. Except in an emergency, never try to travel the jungle at night.\nWhenever possible, _ that are going in your general direction. This may cause you many extra miles of travel. But in the end it will save time and energy. Nothing is moreexhausting(extremely tiring) thanhacking(cutting) a way through unbroken jungle.\nSurviving in the jungle is a science. The jungle people have become perfect in this science, and you can too. Learn as much as you can about what to expect in the jungle. Make sure you have the right equipment. Then no part of the jungle will seem completely or frightening. In fact, you will be able to \"live off\" it for a long time.", "id": "high2510.txt"}