{"answers": ["B", "C", "D", "C", "D"], "options": [["The piano", "The violin", "The trombone", "The accordion"], ["The progress in learning an instrument depends on natural gifts", "It is too late for an adult to start an instrument", "Every child has a natural talent for music.", "All people can understand and read music."], ["Music can balance our life.", "Music can improve our living conditions.", "Playing instruments can make adults keep their IQ points.", "Playing instruments can help us get along well with others."], ["persuade us to send our children to music schools", "express his great interest in musical instruments", "tell us the importance of Music in Development", "invite us to attend Ceilidhs"], ["Feeling relaxed.", "Earn additional IQ points.", "Improve your health.", "Show your talents"]], "questions": ["Playing which of the following musical instruments can help increase a person's IQ most?", "According to Shinichi Suzuki,  _  .", "What can be inferred from the text?", "By writing the text, the author mainly wants to  _  .", "There are many benefits for the adult to learn instruments, which of the following is NOT RIGHT?"], "article": "To learn an instrument  such as the violin or accordion takes years. The job opportunities for musicians are scarce and competition is fierce. Then why are more people than ever before paying a lot of good cash to get their children the best music teaching they can afford?\nThe secret lies in the influence of music on the whole person. It has been found that learning a musical instrument actually increases a person's IQ over time. Different instruments and different trypes of music have varying effect, with classical music and the string  family coming out on top, potentially increasing you IQ by up to 12 points!\nWhen is a good time to start learning music? Experts have found that even the fetus can benefit from listening to classical music. Surround yourself and your family with good music from the first. The Suzuki Piano Method teaches children from the age of 3 years piano, with two lessons per week. From preschool, children can learn to read music and play from sheet music. Progress in learning your instrument is directly proportional to the amount of practicing.\nIs there such a thing as an unmusical child? Shinichi Suzuki proposes that music is the native home language of all human beings and therefore nobody can be \"unmusical\". Of course there are exceptional talents, compared to which others may seem to be slower learners.\nIs there any benefit for adults in starting an instrument? Apart from the purely relaxing aspect, yes. Learning an instrument can earn even adults additional IQ points, and as an added benefit in improves your health by reducing your stress levels. Your social life may benefit too, if you are prepared to come out of your box and join occasions such as Ceilidhs (musical get-togethers) or arrange house concerts. It has been established that people who play instruments tend to be more emotionally balanced and more patient with themselves, others and life in general.\nSo go ahead, sign up for that amateur orchestra, dust off your old trombone or take your first real six-string down from the attic ; get out there and play!", "id": "high2514.txt"}