{"answers": ["D", "C", "A", "C"], "options": [["We can use a computer to turn off the TV set.", "We can talk with the characters appearing on TV.", "We can choose whatever we like to see on TV.", "We can touch the things we see on TV."], ["Technology.", "Medicine.", "Movies.", "Agriculture."], ["The lack of water.", "The less farmland.", "The shortage of robots.", "The more space planes."], ["people will spend less time in studying", "more and more people needn't go to school", "people will have more time to relax or rest", "no patients will be found in the world"]], "questions": ["What is the main difference between today's and 2050's TV?", "What isn't mentioned about the future in 2050 in the passage?", "What will be more likely to cause the war in the future?", "From the passage we can infer that by 2050   _  ."], "article": "Will life in the future be better, worse or the same as now? Futurologists predict that life will probably be very different in 2050.\nFirst of all, it seems that TV channels will have disappeared by 2050. A computer will send the program directly to the television. On TV screen appear holograms , which are pictures with certain height, width and depth. We will be able to see, smell and touch the things that we see on television.\nWater has become one of our most serious problems. Agriculture is changing and people are growing more fruit and vegetables to export. Demand for water will increase ten times in 2050. Some futurologists predict that water will be the cause of war if we don't act now.\nIn transport, cars will run on new fuels and go very fast. A car will have computers to control its speed and there won't be any accidents. On the other hand, space planes will take people around the earth in about three hours. People will fly from Los Angeles to Tokyo by space plane in just half an hour.\nIn the field of technology, robots will have replaced people in factories. By 2050, we will see robots everywhere. They do not ask for pay rises or go on strike, and they work 24 hours a day.\nMedicine technology will have conquered many diseases by 2050; we will be able to help blind and deaf people see again and hear again. Scientists have discovered how to control genes. They have already produced clones of animals and will be able to produce clones of people and decide how they look, how they behave and how much intelligence they have. If you want all this to come true, you should study science and technology hard.", "id": "high2531.txt"}