{"answers": ["D", "B", "A"], "options": [["lost touch with the girl several years ago.", "used to spend weekends with the girl.", "moved to the same town as the girl.", "kept in touch with the girl."], ["knew she was in danger.", "took the author seriously.", "lost hope of a bright future.", "used to quarrel with her parents."], ["To show the power of friendship.", "To describe the troubles of friendship.", "To tell the necessity of trusting friends.", "To tell the importance of keeping up with friends."]], "questions": ["From the beginning of the text,we can learn that the author  _  .", "It can be inferred that the girl  _  .", "What's the author's purpose in telling the story?"], "article": "Recently, one of my best friends, whom I'd shared just about everything with since the first day of kindergarten, spent the weekend with me. Since I moved to a new town several years ago, we'd both always looked forward to the few times a year when we could see each other.\nOver the weekend, we spent hours and hours, staying up late into the night, talking about the people she was hanging around with. She started telling me stories about her new boyfriend, about how she experimented with drugs and was into other bad habits. I was blown away! She told me how she had been lying to her parents because they didn't want her around him.\nI tried to convince her that she was ruining her future and heading for big trouble. But she didn't believe me. Her self-respect seemed to have disappeared. I just couldn't believe that she really thought it was acceptable to hang out with such a loser.\nBy the time she left, I was really worried about her. It had been so discouraging, and I had come close to telling her several times during the weekend that maybe we had just grown too far apart to continue our friendship--but I didn't. I put the power of friendship to the ultimate test. We'd been friends for far too long. I had to hope that she valued me enough to know that I was trying to save her from hurting herself. I wanted to believe that our friendship could conquer  anything.\nA few days later, she called to say that she had thought long and hard about our conversation,and then she told me that she had broken up with her boyfriend.I just listened on the other end of the phone with tears of joy running down my face. It was one of the truly rewarding moments in my life.\nNever had I been so proud of a friend.", "id": "high2532.txt"}