{"answers": ["C", "A", "B", "C", "B"], "options": [["They have no brake", "They lack a toe stop", "They have no toe plug.", "They have a unique, low-cut design."], ["Rhythm skates", "Jam skates", "Speed skates", "Artistic skates"], ["they have a high boot cut", "they allow free-flowing movement.", "they are able to stabilize the foot", "they can help jam skates reduce tiredness."], ["They both offer some support for the ankles.", "They both have a similar boot design.", "They are both suitable for free-flowing movement.", "They are both about personal expression and passion."], ["The original jam skate design has hardly changed.", "The original jam skate design was similar to an artistic skate.", "Jam skates have gradually become a type of speed skate.", "Jam skating has many names because it's about expression and passion."]], "questions": ["Which of the following is NOT a feature of jam skates?", "If you want to skate to music, which of the following is the best choice?", "Speed skates are popular with jam skates because   _  .", "What is a common feature of rhythm and jam skates?", "What can you learn from the passage about jam skates?"], "article": "Artistic Skates\nArtistic roller skates are made up of a leather boot, very strong sole plate, and a jump bar that adds extra force. The boot sits a few inches above the ankle, providing more support for the foot.\nJam Skates\nJam skates are the most different roller skates because of their special low-cut design and lack of toe stop. That's right: there is no brake. But the original jam skate design was different, resembling an artistic skate. Jam skating is more about personal expression rather than speed skating. The free-flowing movements of jam skating have been given many names. But regardless of its name, jam skating has always been about expression and passion.\nSpeed Skates\nA speed skate resembles a shoe. The cut of the boot is lower. Speed skates typically offer lightweight plates to reduce exhaustion for skating long distances. Jam skates have preferred speed skates because they offer a similar design and freedom of movement. The most obvious difference is that a speed skate features a toe stop, unlike a jam skate that uses a toe plug.\nRhythm Skates\nRhythm skates are similar to jam skates. The difference between them lies in the boot design. In fact, the boot design looks very similar to an artistic skate, essentially providing you with the ankle support benefits of an artistic skate, but the freedom of movement of a jam skate. If you want a skate that allows you to move to the beat, which added ankle support, the rhythm skate is the ideal choice.", "id": "high2536.txt"}