{"answers": ["A", "C"], "options": [["Tips On First Days At a New Job", "How to Do a Job Well", "Be the Last to Leave", "Ways to Find a New Job"], ["You should not make personal calls unless very necessary.", "Co-workers will be important to you when the boss is out.", "You shouldn't ask any questions in case you trouble others.", "Leave an extra 15 minutes earlier to make sure you won't be late."]], "questions": ["Which is the best title for the passage?", "Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?"], "article": "No one wants to look silly or do the wrong thing at a new job. It's important to make the right impression   from the first day. You will face new people. You will be in a new place. It may be difficult to know what to do. Here are seven tips to help you make it through the first days at a new job:\n1. First impression is important. Make sure you make a good one. Before your first day, find out if your new job has _ . If so, be sure to follow it. No matter what you wear, always be neat   and clean.\n2. Get to work on time. Employers value workers who come to work on time. Give yourself an extra 15 minutes to make sure you arrive on time.\n3. Pay attention to introduction. One of the first things that your supervisor   may do is to introduce you to co-workers. These co-workers will be important to you. They are the ones who will answer your questions when the boss isn't around.\n4. Ask plenty of questions. Make sure that your supervisor has told you what your are expected to do. If he or she has not told you your job duties, ask for a list. Set daily and weekly goals for yourself.\n5. Don't make personal phone calls. You should never make personal phone calls to your friends and family unless it's an emergency.\n6. Don't take too long for lunch. What's the lunch-hour policy at your new job? You can find out from your supervisor or your company's personnel department . For example, do people eat at their desks or does everyone take a full hour outside the workplace?\n7. Never be the first one to leave. Observe how your co-workers behave around quitting   time. It does no good for you to be eager to leave.", "id": "high2541.txt"}