{"answers": ["B", "D", "C"], "options": [["spending it alone", "treating good friends", "travelling for fun", "buying ice creams"], ["children can't spend our pocket money wisely", "there would be no fun without pocket money", "childhood happiness mainly comes from pocket money", "we can enjoy ourselves with a little pocket money"], ["How to get much pocket money", "Save pocket money as much as possible", "Pocket money brings great fun", "Pocket money means everything"]], "questions": ["The writer thinks he can get greatest fun from pocket money by   _  ,.", "We can know from the passage that   _  .", "What is the best title of the passage?"], "article": "I have always really loved receiving my monthly pocket money form my dad. After getting the money I would be very excited and would rush off to my friend's place where after much consideration we would decide what to do with it and where to spend it. Mostly it would go for the ice cream treats(;) or jam sessions with our favorite people around. Girls will manage to find some way of budgeting so the money we save can be used for other purposes.\nI think that the best way to enjoy your pocket money would be to enjoy those treats that come occasionally. Since just mere pocket money would be not enough, many girls are doing a part time job of some form so that a larger amount of money can be collected. The best use of pocket money is to spend it in such a way that it involves lots of fun with your closest friends. Those treats are no fun if done alone. Company, especially good company can work wonders for providing you the best relaxation that you need. It is also best to spend your pocket money on things that otherwise parents end up refusing. When you use your pocket money to get this sense of achievement you will just feel so crazily happy.\nI remember the time when a friend and I were just so tired of our everyday _ life that we decided to go out, have some great food and then head out to the beach and have those lovely grape and mango ice-creams. And we did exactly that. That day has just been one of the most refreshing days of my life. I think the true meaning of pocket money is to be able to maximize your fun at a minimal cost!", "id": "high2544.txt"}