{"answers": ["D", "B", "D"], "options": [["He has a lot of free time.", "He is lonely and wants to be with others.", "He wants others to know he is a good man.", "He is grateful for what volunteers once did for him."], ["spent some days in prison", "didn't know his purpose in life", "is dissatisfied with his life", "doesn't live a meaningful life"], ["To share his past with us.", "to ask for some volunteer work.", "To encourage us to enjoy our life.", "To call on us to do volunteer work."]], "questions": ["What's the main reason why the writer volunteers?", "We can infer from the passage that the writer probably   _  .", "What is the writer's purpose in writing this passage?"], "article": "Why do I volunteer with Big brothers / Big sisters of America? I have many reasons. Perhaps the biggest reason is that people once volunteered to help me.\nYears ago, I was on the other side of the table. I was lonely and I felt lost. It's a little embarrassing to talk about it now, but whatever the right direction in life was, I was going the opposite way. More than once, I found myself on the wrong path. If someone hadn't stepped in when he did, I probably wouldn't even be here now. I'd rather be in a prison or somewhere a lot smaller and deeper.\nI've seen the work that big brothers / sisters have been doing all over the country and I'm pleased to be part of it. I've never done anything that made me prouder than my volunteer work. Big brothers and sisters helped me get over sadness and depression as soon as possible. Then, if I can help anyone like they helped me, I am willing to serve for as long as they will have me serve them. There are no words to describe the joy I get from helping somebody turn their life around. Every time I think that that's me now, I'm proud and happy.\nVolunteering is how I want to leave my mark on the world. I recommend volunteering work to everybody, especially to somebody who isn't sure where they are going in life. Helping someone find their path is often the best way to find yours. Be a volunteer, and you will find your purpose in life.", "id": "high2549.txt"}