{"answers": ["D", "A"], "options": [["roll as much cheese down the hill as possible", "find the largest piece of cheese rolling downhill", "perform the best grimace when chasing the cheese", "be the first one to catch the cheese rolling downhill"], ["the worldwide championship of wife lifting", "the world championship of grimaces", "the Boryeong Mud Festival", "the Monkey Buffet Festival"]], "questions": ["If a participant wants to win in the rolling cheese race, he / she should   _  .", "According to the writer, a girl above 17 should be careful when enjoying   _  ."], "article": "Around the world there are some festivals that for some of us may sound _ .\nIn England they celebrate the rolling cheese race, which occurs every year during the last Monday in May. This festival's characteristic is a contest where an official rolls cheese down a steep hill and festival- goers go chasing after it. The winner is the first one to reach and catch the cheese.\nAnother festival celebrated in England is the world championship of grimaces  . It is a celebration that dates back to 1297 and is celebrated during the month of September. The task is to perform the best grimace using anything you can to win.\nThe worldwide championship of wife lifting is celebrated in Finland. The game is based on Viking traditions where a man should carry away his neighbor's wife. According to the rules, any woman above 17 is considered as a wife, so if you are within this age, take care while visiting this country during the month of July.\nMany of you have watched Pirates of the Caribbean and have known something about pirates. The 19thof September has been declared worldwide as the day to talk like a pirate. Plenty of people have celebrated it thanks to the publicity   on the Internet.\nFirst staged in 1998, the Boryeong Mud Festival is an attraction that pulls more than a million visitors to the South Korean City. As you all know, the town is said to be rich in minerals, so there is no shortage of mud. Mud is trucked onto Daecheon Beach for tourists and locals to enjoy the festival to their best.\nThe Monkey Buffet Festival is held in Thailand to develop tourism. It's an unusual feast held for about 600 monkeys. The Monkey Buffet Festival is held in honor of the Hindu gods Ram and Hanuman and involves 3,000 kilograms of vegetables and fruits being laid out for monkeys to stuff themselves.", "id": "high2550.txt"}