{"answers": ["A", "B", "C", "D"], "options": [["no other teacher than Kimberly Oliver had been given the honor", "Kimberly Oliver had been teaching in a middle school for many years", "Kimberly opened her own school early in Washington in 1952", "many other teachers were given the honor together with Oliver"], ["spend more time playing with their children", "read to their children at an early age", "not give too much money to their children", "stay at school with their children more often"], ["she taught five-year old children at a public school", "the elementary school she taught in is in a poor area", "she was helpful ahd had many special and good ideas in teaching children", "she called on parents to read to children from an early age"], ["Delaware", "Maryland", "New York", "Washington"]], "questions": ["From the text we know that in the state of Maryland,   _  .", "Oliver hoped that parents should   _  .", "Kimberly Oliver had been named National Teacher of the Year mostly because   _  .", "The National Teacher just before Oliver comes from   _  ."], "article": "A twenty-nine-year-old kindergarten teacher from Maryland was named National Teacher of the Year in 2006. On June first she would begin a year as a national and international spokeswoman for education.\nKimberly Oliver was the first National Teacher of the Year from her state. She taught five-year-old children at a public school in Maryland, near Washington, D.C. President Bush honored her and other top teachers at the White House.\nKimberly Oliver said she wanted people to understand that the first several years of a child's life were the most important for learning. She said investing in children at a very young age would result in great gains later in school and in life. She called on parents to read to children from an early age so they would not fall behind in school. One of the activities at her school was an event called \" Books and Supprer Night \". Families read together at the school and received free books to take home. Parents, children and teachers also ate dinner together.\nBroad Acres Elementary School was in a poor area. Many of the parents were immigrants with limited English. Kimberly Oliver helped improve learning environment at her school. She received money to buy electronic learning systems, tape players and books in English and Spanish and sent them home with students. Parents said she had shown them how to help their children at home.\nShe was born and raised in Delaware. She held one degree in English and another in Elementary Education. Kimberly Oliver would follow in the footsteps of another teacher Jason Kamras from the Washington area as National Teacher of the Year. Jason Kamras, as honored for his work, teaching math to middle school students in the nation's capital.\nThe National Teacher of the Year program began in 1952. A fourteen-member committee choose from among teachers honored as the best in their states.", "id": "high2557.txt"}