{"answers": ["B", "A", "C", "A"], "options": [["a radio program", "a website", "a newspaper", "a TV program"], ["We should think what it really takes to be successful in our chosen field.", "We should focus our full attention on the work in our chosen field.", "We should live out of the \" comfort zone \" all through our life.", "We should work together with other people to reach our goals in time."], ["Because they have enough money to do so.", "Because they don't want to be successful.", "Because they have already earned it through hard work.", "Because they only work nine to five every day."], ["do a lot of actual work", "write a book and publish it", "take a course in stock trading", "make enough money to retire"]], "questions": ["This text must be taken from   _  .", "If you want to be successful in life, what should you do first ?", "According to this text, why do some people have so much free time to relax ?", "The writer thinks it necessary for you to   _   if you want to be successful."], "article": "Most people want to be successful, but never stop to think what it will really take to get there in their chosen field. If it means going back to college for 2 years of night school, could you do it ? If it means reading a book a week for about 6 months in order to really master a new skill ? If you aren't prepared to do any of those things because they are outside of your comfort zone, then you can forget being succesful. I guarantee you will never reach your goals in life, unless your goals are to be ordinary.\nThe biggest killer by far is the dreaded \" comfort zone \" where most people live in their entire life. And the funny thing is that people just can't wrap their heads around the fact that people who have reached some success get tons of time to just relax, but only because they've earned it ! If you haven't built a successful business, or in some way built a career that allow you so much freee time, then you are stuck in the grinding world of nine-to-five jobs everyone else. So how comfortable is that ?\nSo what can you do about it ? Well, find a way to make something happen in your life--- build a business around your favourite hobby, write a book and publish it, or take a course in stock trading and become an expert at that, working on making enough money to retire. If you don't take massive action that puts your way of your comfort zone, you will never be successful at much of anything. I promise--- and I don't make many promises !\nFinding real happiness in life can be a mystery for many. That's why I wrote The Road to Happiness for those who want real success and happiness in life, including spirituality and all the gifts life has to offer.\nDon't wander aimlessly through life. Get focused on your goals, start helping others in need, and live life to the fullest ! Life is too short to be anything but happy. Visit my website and find what you've been missing. Sign up for my newsletter and get seven free ebooks, too ! Read hundreds of articles while you're there in the article section, which is updated daily.", "id": "high2558.txt"}