{"answers": ["C", "A", "A", "D"], "options": [["To earn more money and gain awards.", "To be recorded by some special companies.", "To improve the present living conditions.", "To meet the new demands of new science."], ["prevent your shoulder from being over-pressured", "keep your shoulder safe and sound when you are in an accident or an operation", "help you practice your shoulder more often and reduce shoulder pains", "cover your shoulder and make it stronger to resist the outside strike"], ["wisdom and inspiration sometimes come from everyday life", "some inventions are easy to be made and can be mastered by common people", "common people have a strong desire to do something for science research", "success is often connected with hardship and bitter experience of common people"], ["the correct use of household facilities", "different ideas about household inventions", "the history of household inventions", "household inventions and their influence"]], "questions": ["What plays the most important role in causing people to invent new things?", "It can be inferred that the sliding cinch is used to   _  .", "Common people can also make good inventions because   _  .", "The passage is mainly talking about   _  ."], "article": "Human beings are the most intelligent of all animals because we are gifted with the ability to think and reason logically. Scientists and even common people with special intelligence have made a lot of inventions and contributions to modern lifestyle in the past. \"Houses\" have been the most popular area for discoveries and inventions in the past and even now.\nMany household items have been the result of inventions of people who desired better functioning of the existent products. Every individual has intelligence and if it is used properly for the right purpose it leads to invention of a new tool or device. Many new household inventions are made almost every day and there are specific companies, which particularly keep a record of all these inventions.\nA lot of inventions have been made recently in the household field. These products are patented and have trade mark licenses . The patented sliding cinch is a very simple but effective method to prevent shoulder stress and injury for those who work before computers all day long. Vanity PC is a type of computer furniture that specifically hides all the computer wires and keeps a clean and good look. All the outdoor dust, mud and snow can be kept out of the house by installing the dirt drain at the entrance of the door. Another important invention is the automatic toilet night-light, in which a small light starts when the lid of the toilet seat is opened and closes as soon as the lid is closed.\nThese are some of the new household inventions invented mostly by common people. Thus, a variety of new household items are invented every day, which helps in a better functioning of household chores and in a more useful manner.", "id": "high2563.txt"}