{"answers": ["B", "D", "A", "B"], "options": [["Denmark", "Switzerland", "Germany", "Nigeria"], ["economy", "geography", "trust in public institutions", "pollution"], ["The Economist Intelligence Unit is a company.", "The Economist attempted to measure the best place to live.", "The Scandinavian countries are hardly at the top of the list.", "Half of the top 10 countries are from the eurozone."], ["the best place to be born in 2013", "a new study made by the EIU", "the worst country to be born in 2013", "the factors of measuring the best place to be born"]], "questions": ["According to the passage,the happiest people live in  _  *", "The factors of telling the best place to be born don't include  _  .", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the text?", "The purpose of the text is to show people  _  ."], "article": "Switzerland is the best place to be born in the world in 2013,and the US is just 16th. A new study made by the Economist Intelligence Unit says American babies will have a dimmer future than those born in Hong Kong,Ireland and even Canada. The EIU,a sister company of The Economist,tried to measure how well countries will provide the best opportunities for a healthy,safe and prosperous life in years to come.\nPeople born in Switzerland will tend to be the happiest and have the best quality of life in terms of wealth,health and trust in public institutions,according to the analysis. The Scandinavian countries of Norway,Sweden and Denmark also all make the top five in a'quality-of-lif e'index where it is best to be born next year.\nOne of the most important factors is being rich,but other factors come into play including crime,trust in public institutions and the health of family life. In total,the index takes into account 11 factors. These include fixed factors such as geography,others that change slowly over time such as demography   social and cultural characteristics, and the state of the world economy. The index also looks at income per head in 2030,which is roughly when children born in 2013 will reach adulthood. Small economies take up the top 10 countries,with Australia coming second and New Zealand and the Netherlands not too far behind.\nHalf of the top 10 countries are European,but only one,the Netherlands,is from the eurozone. The crisis-ridden south of Europe,including Greece,Portugal and Spain,falls behind despite the advantage of a favourable climate. Interestingly,the largest European economies-Germany,France and Britain-do not do particularly well. Nigeria has the unenviable title of being the worst country for a baby to enter the world in 2013.", "id": "high2571.txt"}