{"answers": ["D", "A"], "options": [["Different diets they prefer.", "Their life after marriage.", "Tex books for students.", "Their own slimming matter."], ["Talks on the air.", "Advertisements on the wall.", "Books in a library.", "Magazines for children."]], "questions": ["What do you think the four women were talking about?", "Where are these short passages most likely to be taken from?"], "article": "Glynis Davis:\nI first piled on the pounds when I was in the family way and I couldn't lose them afterwards. Then I joined a slimming club. My target was 140 pounds and I lost 30 pounds in six months. I felt great and people kept saying how good I looked. But Christmas came and I started to slip back into my old eating habits. I told myself I'd lose the weight at slimming classes in the new year... but it didn't happen. Instead of losing the pounds, I put them on. I'd lost willpower and tried to believe that the old bag of fish and chips didn't make any difference -- but the _ don't lie.\nRoz Juma:\nTo be honest, I never weigh myself any more. I've learnt to be happy with myself. It seemed to me that I would feel sorry about every spoonful of tasty food that passed my lips. My idea is simple. You shouldn't be too much thinking about food and dieting. Instead, you should get on with life and stop dreaming of a super thin body. This is obviously the size I'm meant to be and, most of all, I'm happy with it.\nLesley Codwin:\nI was very happy at winning Young Slimmer of the year. I'd look in the mirror unable to believe this slim lady was me! That might have been my problem -- perhaps from then on I didn't pay any attention to myself. Winning a national competition makes everything worse, though. Because you feel the eyes of the world are fixed upon you. I feel a complete failure because I've put on weight again.\nRos Langfod:\nBefore moving in with my husband Gavin, I'd always been about 110 pounds, but the pleasant housework went straight to my waist and I put on 15 pounds in a year. Every so often I try to go on a diet... I'm really good in a few days, then end up having the children's leftovers or eating happily chocolate -- my weakness. I'd like to be slim, but right now my duty is the children and home. I might take more exercise when my kids are older.", "id": "high2583.txt"}