{"answers": ["B", "D", "C"], "options": [["get more books to read", "meet more people and make friends", "buy goods for their daily life", "post their book recommendations"], ["receiving books signed by the authors", "publishing your comments on books", "exchanging your ideas with other people", "buying all kinds of books that you like"], ["They are filled with all kinds of books from some libraries.", "The books there are categorized for readers by the site.", "That is where people put books they have read or want to read", "New books will continuously be added to readers by the site."]], "questions": ["People who go to the site Twitter or Facebook mostly want to  _  .", "You can do all of the following things on Goodreads. com EXCEPT  _  .", "What do we know about the shelves on Goodreads. com?"], "article": "Many times  when  people  hear  the  words  social  networking,  their  brains automatically go to sites such as Twitter or Facebook.  However, there are sites for those into social networking and into reading.  Sound crazy?, It's really not. If you've ever wanted a site where you can receive book recommendations,follow your favorite authors,and keep up with what your friends are reading, then look no further than Goodreads. com.\nGoodreads provides useful services for those in the reading world.  It is a site where you can win books by going to giveaways and simply entering your information. Some giveaways are even signed by the author.   And the books aren't boring,old or torn copies ---- many of them are ARC's (Advanced Readers Copies),for which you can write a short review on the site.  Anyone can post reviews of their favorite books or series so that others may _ to read them as well.\nAnother function of the site is offering book clubs and interest groups.  You can have interactive discussions with groups of people reading the same things,sort of like a blog.  You can also  make friends with people and post statuses similar to Facebook. Your friends can send you book recommendations and you can add them to your shelf if you choose.\nShelves are by far one of the best features on the site.  You can categorize  your entire library and put books you want to read on your\"to-read\" shelf.  These virtual shelves allow you to see what you've read and also let you keep track of the number of books you've read in a year.\nYou can even read original writing for free because many people post their own writing on the site to gain feedback and advice on how to improve. Anyone can join this site for free and fall in love with not just a book, but a book site as well.", "id": "high2586.txt"}