{"answers": ["C", "A", "D", "B", "A"], "options": [["Buses on the road.", "Films on television.", "Advertisements on the billboards.", "Gas stations."], ["To give the writer's opinion about long bus trips.", "To persuade you to take some long bus riding.", "To explain how bus trips and television shows differ.", "To describe the billboards along the road."], ["those reckless bus drivers", "driving with no one around", "a television set on the bus", "no billboards along the road"], ["the commercials both on TV shows and on billboards along the road are fun", "they both have a beginning, a middle and an end, with commercials in between", "the drivers are always reckless on TV shows just as they are on buses", "both traveling by bus itself and watching TV programs on bus are not exciting."], ["exciting", "comfortable", "tiring", "boring"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, what do the passengers usually see when they are on a long bus trip?", "What is the purpose of this passage?", "The writer of this passage would probably prefer   _  .", "The writer feels long bus rides are like TV shows because   _  .", "The writer thinks that the end of the ride is somewhat like the beginning because both are ."], "article": "Long bus rides are like television shows. They have a beginning, a middle, and an end with commercials   thrown in every three or four minutes. The commercials are unavoidable. They happen whether you want them or not. Every couple of minutes a billboard glides by outside the bus window. \"Buy Super Clean Toothpaste.\" \"Drink Good Wet Root Beer.\" \"Fill up with Pacific Gas. \"Only when you have fallen asleep, which is equal to turning the television set off, can you get separated from the unending cry of \"You Need It! Buy It Now!\"\nAs for the ride itself, the beginning of it is comfortable and somewhat exciting, even if you've traveled that way before. Usually some things are keeping changing out of the windows -- various houses, crop fields, attractive bridges, ... and sometimes even a small accident. Your bus driver may have a unique style of driving and it's fun trying experience it the first hour or so. If the driver is particularly reckless   or daring, the ride can be as thrilling   as an adventurous story. Will the driver pass the truck in time? Will the driver move into the right or the left hand lane? After a while, of course, the excitement dies down. Sleeping for a while helps pass the middle hours of the ride. Food always makes bus rides more interesting. But you've got to be careful of what kind of food you eat. Too much salty food can make you very thirsty between stops.\nThe end of the ride is somewhat like the beginning. You know the riding will soon be over and there's a kind of expectation and excitement with that. The seat, of course, has become harder for the hours having passed. By now you may sit with your legs crossed, or with your hands in your lap, or with your hands on the arms, or even with your hands crossed behind your head. That is to say that the end comes just at no more ways to sit.", "id": "high2589.txt"}