{"answers": ["A", "B", "D", "C"], "options": [["They were very popular with Americans.", "Their appearance remained unchangeable.", "They showed blackandwhite pictures.", "Their pictures were of poor quality."], ["Television's good quality.", "The invention of 3D TV.", "The more functions of TV.", "The potential of cable TV."], ["TV will certainly take the place of computers", "There won't be further improvement on TV", "TV repairmen will be out of work in the future", "3D movies don't appeal to people very much"], ["The shortcomings of television.", "The advantages of television.", "The development of television.", "The invention of television."]], "questions": ["What can we infer about television sets in the 1960s?", "Which of the followings did Sanford Brown fail to predict?", "From the passage we know   _  .", "What is the text mainly about?"], "article": "Television will turn 86 years old on September 7, 2013, and it has never looked better. In its youth, television was a piece of furniture with a tiny, round screen showing unclear pictures of  lowbudget programs. In spite of its shortcomings, it became well-received. Between 1950 and 1963, the number of American families with a television jumped from 9% to 92% of the population.\nAs the audience got larger, the technology got better. Television sets became more reliable through the 1960s. Both of the reception and the picture improved. The major networks started broadcasting programs in color.\nEven greater improvements were coming according to Sanford Brown, who wrote an article forthe Postin 1967. Surprisingly, just about every prediction he made in the article became a reality. For example: All sets in the notdistant future will be color instruments. He also predicted that TV sets would become smaller, simpler, more reliable and less expensive and may forever put the TV repairman out of work. Smaller sets do not, of course, mean smaller screens. TV engineers expect screens to get much bigger. However, today's 3D TV is even farther away, if it's coming at all.  There is some doubt whether the public would be eager to pay for it, in view of people's cold reception given to 3D movies.\nBut the technology with the greatest potential, according to Brown, was cable television  , which was still in its early stages then. As he predicted, the future of cable television was highly interactive. It wasn't cable television that gave Americans their electronic connection to the world, however. It was the Internet.  He even foresaw the future office: using picture phones, bigscreen televisions for conferences, and computers providing information, at the touch of a button.\nBrown ever said, \"The future of television is no longer a question of what we can invent. It's a question of what we want.\"", "id": "high2619.txt"}