{"answers": ["C", "A", "D"], "options": [["any day before work hours", "both before and after work hours", "only during lunch time", "on Saturday and Sunday"], ["twice", "three times", "four times", "five times"], ["it was impossible to make the round trip to the theatre in 45 minutes", "the concert wasn't on Friday", "it was expensive to take a taxi", "all the tickets had been sold out"]], "questions": ["The writer could go and buy the ticket   _  .", "The writer tried to go to the theatre every day, but was only successful  _  .", "He failed to get the ticket on Friday because   _  ."], "article": "I was very disappointed not to be able to go to the jazz concert last Friday. The announcement in the paper said that you could buy tickets at the theatre box office in Richland Hills any day between 10:30 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. Since I work from 9:00 a.m. to 5:30 p.m., the only time I could go to the theatre was during my 45-minute lunch break. Unluckily, the theatre is on the other side of the town, and the bus service between my office and Richland Hills is not very good. But if you are lucky, you can make the round trip in 45 minutes. Last Monday, I stood at the bus stop for 15 minutes waiting for a bus. By the time I saw one come around the corner, there was not enough time left to make the trip. So I gave up and went back to the office.\nThe same thing happened on Tuesday, and again on Wednesday. On Thursday, my luck changed. I got on a bus right away and arrived at the theatre in exactly 20 minutes. When I got there, however, I found a long line of people at the box office. I heard one man say he had been waiting in line for over an hour. Realizing I would not have enough time to wait in line, I caught the next bus and went back across the town. By Friday, I realized that my only hope was to make the trip by taxi. It was expensive, but I felt it would be worth to hear the concert. The trip by taxi only took 10 minutes, but it felt like an hour to me. When I got to the theatre, I was _ to see that nobody was waiting in line. The reason, I quickly discovered, was that they had already sold out all the tickets.", "id": "high2631.txt"}