{"answers": ["A", "C", "D"], "options": [["the schedule of the public school wasn't suitable for her", "her parents had to work in the school", "her family had moved to Nashville, Tennessee", "she showed strong interest in swimming"], ["The 1976 Olympic Games.", "The 1980 Olympic Games.", "The 1984 Olympic Games.", "The 1992 Olympic Games."], ["In 1963", "In 1953", "In 1960", "Not mentioned"]], "questions": ["Tracy Caulkins was sent to a private school because   _  .", "Which Olympic Games did Tracy Caulkins attend?", "When was Tracy Caulkins born?"], "article": "Tracy Caulkins is known as the first American to set an American record and win an American title in each of four swimming strokes : breaststroke, butterfly, backstroke, freestyle.\nTracy Caulkins was born in Minnesota and lived in Iowa until she was six. She began swimming when she was eight, after the family had moved to Nashville, Tennessee. While unwilling at first to swim in cold water or get her face wet, she began to train in earnest   as her talent became clear. Though her father worked for the public schools, the family sent her to a private school when the public schools could not accommodate   her training schedule.\nAt age 13, Tracy Caulkins took part in the trials  for the 1976 Olympics, but did not make the team. She continued to win national and international titles, and was disappointed in 1980 when the U.S. didn't attend the Moscow Olympics. She continued to train and compete.\nIn 1981, Tracy Caulkins began college, graduating in 1985. In college, she continued competing and training, though she had slowed down from her peak   years.\nCaulkins trained especially hard for the 1984 Olympics, and not only made the team, but was captain of the swim team and at Los Angeles, won three gold medals and was named Sportswoman of the Year by the U.S. Olympic Committee. After that she retired from swimming, and was a commentator   for swimming events as well as taking advantage of her fame to do business.\nTracy Caulkins married Australian swimmer, Mark Stockwell, in 1991, their romance having begun at the 1984 Olympics when he jumped into a warm-up pool to introduce himself. They married in Nashville and moved to Australia, where they had three children. Caulkins continued to be professionally involved in sports.", "id": "high2634.txt"}