{"answers": ["D", "A", "B", "A"], "options": [["they suffered starvation in their homeland", "they wanted to start a rich life in the new land", "they tried to get away from the terrible climate", "their country was in war and they needed peace"], ["wasn't cooked the way his mom did", "was served a bit later than usual", "was prepared in a special way", "was just to his parents,taste"], ["surprised", "ashamed", "shocked", "annoyed"], ["forgiveness can be beneficial to people asking for it", "hardships can make children more indifferent", "grandparents are more tolerant than their grandchildren", "family ties can sometimes be misused"]], "questions": ["Nanny,s family immigrated to America mainly because   _  .", "The boy complained to Nanny that the food   _  .", "When seeing Nanny crying in the living room, the author felt   _  .", "The author mainly wants to tell us that   _  ."], "article": "My grandma whom we all called Nanny was a solid, first-generation, Italian immigrant. She came to this country with her family on a tiny ship during World War I when she was only 8 years old. During the trip she survived stormy seas,little food, and an attack by a German U-boat. After getting here,her large family worked hard to build a new life in America. They never had much money but were rich in love.\nOne day,when I was about 5 or 6 years old, my parents and brothers went on a trip. It was just me and Nanny in the house for the weekend. Nanny seemed so happy to be taking care of me all by herself. She made me a special breakfast that first morning. However, all I could do was to complain about how the food was not how Mom always made it. Nanny quietly put down the plate and went into the living room. I followed a minute later and saw that she had tears in her eyes. It was the first time I had ever seen my strong and proud grandmother cry and I was the one who had caused it.\nI walked over to Nanny, climbed on her lap, and for the first time in my short life I did something else too. I apologized without being told to and asked Nanny to forgive me. She smiled, rubbed my head, and told me I was a good boy even though I didn't feel like one then.\nThat memory just like my Nanny's love will stay in my heart forever. It is a sign of both strength and wisdom. Asking for forgiveness helps us to learn, to grow, and to love.", "id": "high2635.txt"}