{"answers": ["D", "C", "B"], "options": [["It may change the existing social structure.", "It may pose a threat to their economic status.", "It may decrease .their financial burden.", "It may place a great pressure on the state budget."], ["Even economists can't reach an agreement about its impact.", "Those who are opposed to it turn out to benefit most from it.", "People are making too big a fuss about something of small impact.", "There is no essential difference between seemingly opposite opinions."], ["A debate about whether to immigrate.", "A debate about the impact of illegal immigrants.", "The great impact of immigrants on the economy.", "Opposition to illegal immigration."]], "questions": ["What is the chief concern of native high-skilled, better-educated employees about the inflow of immigrants?", "What is the irony about the debate over immigration?", "Which of the following might be the best title of the passage?"], "article": "At the heart of the debate over illegal immigration lies one key question: are immigrants good or bad for the economy? The American public overwhelmingly thinks they're bad. Yet the agreement among most economists is that immigration, both legal and illegal, provides a small net boost to the economy. Immigrants provide cheap labor, lower the prices of everything from farm produce to new homes, and leave consumers with a little more money in their pockets. So why is there such a discrepancy between the perception of immigrants' impact on the economy and the reality?\nThere are a number of familiar theories. Some argue that people are anxious and feel threatened by an inflow of new workers. Others highlight the stress that undocumented immigrants place on public services, like schools, hospitals, and jails. Still others emphasize the role of race, arguing that foreigners add to the nation's fears and insecurities. There's some truth to all these explanations, but they aren't quite sufficient.\nTo get a better understanding of what's going on, consider the way immigration's impact is felt. Though its overall effect may be positive, its costs and benefits are distributed unevenly. David Card, an economist at UC Berkeley, notes that the ones who profit most directly from immigrants' low-cost labor are businesses and employers --meatpacking plants in Nebraska, for instance, these producers' savings probably translate into lower prices at the grocery store, but how many consumers make that mental connection at the checkout counter? As for the drawbacks of illegal immigration, these, too, are concentrated. Native low-skilled workers suffer most from the competition of foreign labor. According to a study by George Borjas, a Harvard economist, immigration has reduced the wages of American high-school dropouts by 9%.\nAmong high-skilled, better-educated employees, however, opposition was strongest in states with both high numbers of immigrants and relatively generous social services. What worried them most, in other words, was the financial burden of immigration. That conclusion was reinforced by another finding: that their opposition appeared to soften when that financial burden decreased, as occurred with welfare reform in the 1990s, which curbed immigrants' access to certain benefits.\nThe irony is that for all the overexcited debate, the net effect of immigration is minimal. Even for those most acutely affected -- say, low-skilled workers, or California residents -- the impact isn't all that dramatic. \"The unpleasant voices have tended to dominate our perceptions,\" says Daniel Tichenor, a professor at the University of Oregon. \"But when all those factors are put together and the economists calculate the numbers, it ends up being a net positive, but a small one.\" Too bad most people don't realize it.", "id": "high2646.txt"}