{"answers": ["D", "B", "A"], "options": [["Because they were playing a game.", "Because they didn't like each other.", "Because they quarreled before.", "Because they were both shy."], ["She would have lost her new best friend.", "She would have killed herself that night.", "She would have run away from her family.", "She would have stayed in hospital for a long time."], ["Always care for your friends.", "Don't care about others' opinions.", "Never owe your friends too much.", "Try to be as cool as others."]], "questions": ["Why did the two girls hide behind their family members when they first met?", "What would have happened to her friend if the author had not cared about her?", "What lesson does the author learn from the story?"], "article": "I can still remember the first day when I met my best friend. She had just moved into the neighborhood and her grandmother brought her down to meet me. I hid behind my mother and she hid behind her grandmother, scared to look at each other.\nSoon, we lost the shyness and started playing with each other, bike riding to each other's house and having sleepovers. In 7thgrade she was going through family problems. However, every summer we would always sit at each other's house and watch movies on TV and talk about all the boys we liked.\nIt was last year when I noticed the problem. She suffered from clinical depression , and had to go to a hospital during the day. I was very sorry for her at first. But with the late night calls, and meeting each other halfway up the street at midnight, we still stayed in touch. I wanted to be there for her since her new best friend left her, and I knew I still cared about her like a sister.\nYesterday she came to me and said this. \"I never knew what a best friend was until you were the only person that would stop me from cutting myself; the only person that ever made me feel better about myself and my problems. You didn't know this but I was trying to kill myself that very night you called me and I was crying. I owe you so much, and you didn't even know you were helping me. \"\nWe both cried. And I guess a kind of lesson from my life so far is to never give up your friends. Even if they aren't as cool as others, or people think they are crazy, they need someone there. If you leave them, you will only be very sorry. So if friends need you, and you care for them, you should be always there for them.", "id": "high2647.txt"}