{"answers": ["D", "A", "B"], "options": [["Chinese paper cutting.", "Nanjing-style paper cutting.", "A paper cutting family.", "A paper cutting artist."], ["36.", "14.", "22.", "18."], ["Nanjing-style paper cutting is the most important part of Chinese paper cutting.", "Zhang is a creative artist who knows different styles of paper cutting well.", "Zhang won many international prizes because of his great contributions.", "All the members of the family taught Zhang how to design paper cuts."]], "questions": ["What is the passage mainly about?", "How old was Zhang Fanglin when he was admitted into Nanjing Municipal Fine Arts Company?", "What can we infer from the passage?"], "article": "Nanjing-style paper cutting is an important part of Chinese paper cutting. It is known for its different designs, simplistic but graceful shapes, finely cut lines and unique skills. Zhang Fanglin is a leading figure in the Nanjing-style paper cutting. Zhang was born in a paper-cutting family. He is the fourth generation to continue the family's paper-cutting skills. Taught by his father, he began to learn paper cutting in his childhood. In 1963 when he was only 14 years old, he started his artistic career in a local folk handicraft factory. Over the past decades, Zhang has created many works and developed excellent skills. In 1985, Zhang was admitted into Nanjing Municipal Fine Arts Company, creating and designing paper cuts. Throughout his artistic career, Zhang has absorbed characteristics and elements of various styles of paper cutting and created a large number of creative paper-cutting works. Thanks to his great contributions, he won many national prizes and was awarded the title of \"National Master Artist in Handicraft Art\".\nAs a leading figure, Zhang Fanglin has been invited to more than 30 countries and regions around the world, showcasing his paper-cutting skills. In the 2010 Shanghai World Expo, Zhang showcased his new creations of gold foil-embedded paper cutting works.", "id": "high2648.txt"}