{"answers": ["C", "D", "B", "C"], "options": [["are shy in all situations", "feel they don't understand themselves", "are anxious and terrified while speaking in public", "feel it is unreasonable to be watched by others"], ["most people will try to fight against social anxiety disorder", "shyness is the main symptom of social anxiety disorder", "people who feel lonely are often misdiagnosed with social anxiety disorder", "psychotherapy is very important in treating social anxiety disorder"], ["burn up some unsafe chemicals", "ask for help from a doctor", "practise speaking in public", "resign from his present job"], ["American Culture", "Cross Country", "Family Doctor", "English Nature"]], "questions": ["Patients with social anxiety disorder  _  .", "We know from the passage that  _  .", "According to the passage, if Jack suffers from social anxiety disorder, he should  _  .", "We are most likely to find this passage in  _  ."], "article": "Most of us fear getting up and speaking in public. Many people don't like to go gathering where they don't know anyone, but while most of us soldier on  , those with social anxiety disorder are often stopped by the terror and worry.\nResearch shows that around fifteen million Americans suffer from social anxiety disorder. People in this condition feel that they are always being watched. Even though they know these fears are unreasonable, they cannot overcome their fears on their own.\nSocial anxiety disorder sufferers are often misdiagnosed with conditions such as schizophrenia   and personality disorder. Many feel lonely, and are unsure whether anyone else can understand their thoughts and emotions. This can lead to withdrawal from most social situations, even to being unable to hold employment.\nThose who suffer from social anxiety disorder are often dismissed as being shy. This is simply not the case; shyness is not even a symptom of social anxiety disorder. The majority of sufferers find their symptoms linked to specific situations, rather than all types of social interactions.\nAn important step in overcoming social anxiety disorder is seeking out a therapist who specializes in training this type of disorder. Group treatment has been shown to be especially effective. Medication also help reduce the symptoms, but it should not be used as a replacement for psychotherapy  .\nOn your own, you can help reduce the symptoms by taking deep breaths and practising medication or prayer. Alcohol and nicotine should be avoided, as both can cause panic attacks. Exercises can relieve the symptoms, because it burns up the chemicals in your body that cause stress.", "id": "high2652.txt"}