{"answers": ["D", "C", "A"], "options": [["People are curious in the same way.", "People in different countries are interested in different things.", "Men and women are curious about different things.", "People of different ages are interested in different things"], ["the earth , the oceans and the sky", "man-made things", "plants and animals", "ocean water"], ["more nutrition and oxygen", "more signals", "more salt", "water"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, which of the following statements is true?", "Scientists who work with the biological sciences study  _  .", "When you run, your muscles need   _  ."], "article": "As children grow up, they become curious about different kinds of things. When they are babies, they are interested in the parts of their bodies and in the smiles of their mothers. The they become interested in the physical world around them: the plants, the\nanimals, the sky. Later, they become interested in the things that people have made: wheels, bicycles, cars. And when they are adults, their curiosity continues. Sometimes this curiosity leads to a career (, ) in science.\nScientists spend their lives trying to find out about the world. Those who work with the earth sciences study the earth, the oceans, and the skies. Other scientists who study living things work with the biological sciences. A third group of scientists study the physical sciences, e. g. physics, chemistry .\nThese scientists have already discovered a lot about our world. For example, they tell us why your heart beats fast when you run. They say that when you are quiet, your heart normally beats sixty-five or seventy-five times a minute. Your heart is a pump   that pumps blood to all parts of the body. The blood carries oxygen and nutrition. When you run, your muscles work very hard and use the nutrition that the blood carries to them. The muscles need oxygen, too . So your brain sends a signal to the heart. The signal means that the muscles need more nutrition and oxygen. Then the heart beats fast and sends blood quickly to the muscles. It may beat 90 to 140 times a minute.\nOf course, scientists cannot answer all of our questions. If we ask, \"Why does the ocean water taste salty?\"\nScientists will say that the salt comes from rocks. When a rock gets very hot or very cold, it cracks. Rain falls into cracks. The rain then carries the salt into the earth and into the rivers. The rivers carry the salt into the ocean. But then we ask , \"What happens to the salt in the ocean? The ocean does not get saltier every year.\" Scientists are not sure about the answer to this question.\nWe know a lot about our world, but there are still many answers that we do not have, and we are curious.", "id": "high2674.txt"}