{"answers": ["D", "B", "C", "A"], "options": [["painting the beautiful scenes of Pairs.", "visiting museums, churches and fairs.", "trying out their new ideas in the way of painting.", "buying or selling paintings in the fair."], ["Paris is famous for its artists' paints and supplies", "there is more than one way to paint", "art fairs are held in galleries", "Florence is the center of world art exhibits"], ["Pairs is a beautiful city", "The French are willing to accept any new things.", "All the museums are free of charge in Pairs.", "Artists can make an easier life in Pairs."], ["the world's most famous art center", "how to buy a painting in Paris", "the famous art centers of New York and Florence", "where to set up galleries"]], "questions": ["In Pairs artists can make progress in art by doing lots of things except .", "The story does not say so, but it makes you think that.", "Which of the following statement is not a reason why so many artists prefer to stay in Pairs?", "On the whole, this story is about."], "article": "For many years, artists have flocked to Paris, France, to paint or to learn to paint. Perhaps artists first went there because of the city's beauty. They went to paint pictures of the broad, tree-lined streets, the great churches, and the graceful river bridges.\nThe artists felt comfortable in Paris because the people of the city had always enjoyed art. Paris had great art museums, filled with famous paintings and statues from many countries. And the people of Paris had always welcomed new ideas. In this city, artists felt free to experiment with new ways of painting.\nAs soon as famous artists painted in Paris, students came to learn from them. People came to buy paintings. People called  art dealers set up galleries where paintings were bought and sold. Others kept shops that sold artists' paints and supplies.\nStudents and artists who were not yet famous could live in Paris for very little money. They learned by studying great art in the museums, and they learned from one another. They held art fairs, hanging their paintings outdoors along the streets.\nToday, New York City and Florence, Italy, are also famous art centers. But the world's main art exhibits are still held in Paris. Important judges of art live there. Most of the new ways of painting that have started in the last hundred years began in Paris. So artists and art dealers still go to Paris because it is the world's leading art center.", "id": "high2675.txt"}