{"answers": ["B", "C", "C", "D"], "options": [["Local Control of Education Standards out of Date", "American National Education Standards under Consideration", "Education Standards in Each State--Good or Bad.", "Acceptance of the New Standards in the United States"], ["Because local standards are limited.", "Because it is required by the federal government.", "Because people today moves among states more often than before.", "Because America has never had the same school standards throughout the country."], ["the standards are higher than those of each state", "they are not yet prepared for the new standards", "the standards may prevent some students gaining excellence", "they don't want the federal government to train their teachers"], ["more students", "advice on how to improve teaching", "better textbooks", "money from the federal government"]], "questions": ["What would be the best title for the passage?", "Why is local control of education no 1onger a good idea today?", "Some people are against the nationa1 education standards because  _", "If a state agrees to accept the national standards, it will probably get   _  ."], "article": "Americans are thinking about national education standards recently developed by teachers and other education experts. The National Governors Association (NGA) and the Council of Chief State School Officers (CCSSO) led the effort.\nThe United States, unlike other nations, has never had the same school standards across the country. What is the reason? Education is not discussed in the Constitution. That document limits the responsibilities of the federal government. Other responsibilities, like education, fall to each state.\nLocal control of education probably was a good idea two hundred years ago. People stayed in the same place and schools knew what students needed to learn. But today, people move to different cities. And some people work at jobs that did not exist even twenty years ago.\nMany American educators say that getting a good education should not depend on where you live. They say that some states have lowered their standards in order to increase student scores on tests required by the No Child Left behind Act.\nKara Schlosser is communications director for the CCSSO. She says the new standards clearly state what a student should be able to do to be successful in college and work.\nForty--eight states have already shown approval for the standards. Two states refuse to accept the idea. Critics say that working toward the same standards in every state will not guarantee excellence for all. Some educators in Massachusetts say adopting the national standards will hurt their students because the state standards are even higher. Others say the change will be too costly, requiring new textbooks and different kinds of training for teachers. Still others fear federal control.\nSupporters say the standards are goals and do not tell states or teachers how to teach. They also say the federal government is not forcing acceptance. However, approving the standards will help states qualify   for some federal grant money.", "id": "high2676.txt"}