{"answers": ["C", "B", "A"], "options": [["human beings long for living forever", "there are many difficulties in making the Soul Catcher", "people might live forever as technology develops", "the invention of Soul Catcher has great importance"], ["a new machine on which research measures have already been made", "a new invention in order to catch and keep human's thoughts and emotions", "made by British scientists to offer something that looks like living forever", "made of silicon circuits which can catch people's nervous activity"], ["to be a reality sooner or later", "far from certain", "just an idea that couldn't t be realized at all", "a fading hope"]], "questions": ["The main idea of this passage is that   _  .", "According to this passage, a Soul Catcher will be   _  .", "According to the writer, semblance of immortality is   _  ."], "article": "Do you want to live forever? By the year 2050, you might actually get your wish -- if you are willing to leave your biological body and live in silicon circuits  .But long before then, perhaps as early as 2020, some measures will begin offering a semblance of immortality  .\nResearchers are confident that technology will soon be able to track every waking moment of your life. Whatever you see and hear, all that you say and write, can be recorded, analyzed and added to your personal chronicles  . By the year 2030, it may be possible to catch your nervous systems through electrical activities, which would also keep your thoughts and emotions.\nResearchers at the laboratories of British Telecommunications have given the name of this idea as Soul Catcher. Small electronic equipment will make preparation for Soul Catcher. It would use a wearable supercomputer, perhaps in a wristwatch, with wireless links to micro sensors under your scalp  and in the nerves that carry all five sensory signals. So wearing a video camera would no longer be required.\nAt first, the Soul Catcher's companion system -- the Soul Reader -- might have trouble copying your thoughts in complete details. Even in 2030, we may still be struggling to understand how the brain is working inside, so reading your thoughts and understanding your emotions might not be possible. But these signals could be kept for the day when they can be transferred to silicon circuits to _ minds everlasting entities  . Researchers can only wonder what it will be like to wake up one day and find yourself alive inside a machine.\nFor people who choose not to live in silicon, semblance of immortality would not be as useless as they thought. People would know their lives would not be forgotten, but would be kept a record of the human race forever. And future generations would have a much fuller understanding of the past. History would not be controlled by just the rich and powerful, Hollywood stars, and a few thinkers in the upper society.", "id": "high2679.txt"}