{"answers": ["B", "A", "C", "D"], "options": [["They are interested in its course.", "The college should be approved by authority.", "Their homes are not far from the college.", "Teachers in the college must be top-ranking."], ["She can learn while taking care of her family.", "She should learn more to teach her baby.", "There is no such school for both mothers and babies.", "She will feel less embarrassed by learning online."], ["Emily, an easy-going girl who dislikes doing things on her own.", "Mrs. Clark, far from campus, who is hoping to learn at any price.", "Jack, a busy engineer who wants to further education.", "George, a single father who has difficulty in concentration."], ["Less Money, More Resources", "Try to Be Attentive Students", "Online Educaiton-- Everyone's Perfect Choice", "Who Can Benefit from an Online Program"]], "questions": ["What should students consider when they apply to an online program?", "Why is online education a perfect choice for a young stay-at-home mother?", "According to the author, who is fit for online education?", "Which of the following is the best title for the text?"], "article": "Online education is becoming a popular learning choice to traditional colleges. Most colleges offer online programs in various fields and levels, which allows students to go on with their education over the Internet. Students must keep in mind that the college they wish to apply to must be approved by a related recognized organization.\nSo who can really benefit from an online program? Well, anybody, and everybody! Online programs can turn out to be a pocket-friendly choice to a traditional college for many people. Here's a list of people who usually consider joining in an online degree program;\nl Stay-at-home parents. Online education is perfect choice for stay-at-home parents and those who have very young kids. Online classes give them the flexibility to complete or further their education while looking after home and family and without worrying about childcare.\nl Working professionals who want to further their education but travel a lot or have extremely busy schedules, as well as those who want to make a career change but do not have the time to enroll in a full-time degree program.\nl People who cannot commute to a college campus.\nl Shy students who might feel embarrassed among a group of people and prefer to study by themselves and at their own pace.\nl People who want to save money. Online programs can turn out to be more cost-effective than attending a physical classroom.\nl People who do not get distracted  easily -- something many people overlook when considering online education. If you are someone who can easily ignore the ringing of a phone, stay away from TV, and resist all other things that may draw your attention, online programs are for you.\nSo do you think online education is for you? If you feel you belong to any of the above listed categories, then online education could work out very well for you.", "id": "high2681.txt"}