{"answers": ["A", "C", "D"], "options": [["The top clubs represent the UK in the two Europe competitions.", "Football is a newly-invented game in England", "The top level league in England is the Irish Football League", "Club football is an organized union in the UK."], ["There exist all professional county clubs in England.", "Rugby leagues was enjoyed by middle class", "Tennis is in the charge of LTA", "Greg Rusedski did not pass through the LTA system."], ["tour guidebook", "book review", "news report", "news magzine"]], "questions": ["What do we know about football?", "From the passage we can learn  _  .", "From what can we read the passage?"], "article": "Sports play an important role in British life. The most popular sport is football. Cricket is also popular in England, but is less important in the other home nations. Rugby union and rugby league are the other major team sports. Tennis is the most important sport for the two weeks of the Wimbledon Championships \nFootball\nThe modern global game of football developed from traditional British football games in the 19thcentury. Club football is organized separately in each of the home nations. English football has a league system which combines thousands of clubs. Scotland has a similar but smaller club football structure. The top level league in Wales is the league of Wales. In Northern Ireland the main league is the Irish Football League.\nEach season the most successful clubs from each of the home nations qualify for(......) the two Europe wide club competitions organized by UEFA , the UEFA Champions League and the UEFA Cup.\nCricket\nCricket was invented in England. It is regarded as England's national summer game and it is probably the second most widely covered sport.\nThere are eighteen professional country clubs, seventeen of them in England and one in Wales. Each summer the country clubs compete in the first class Country Championship, which consist of two leagues of nine teams and in which matches are played over four days.\nRugby\nLike football, rugby union and rugby league both developed from traditional British football games in the 19thcentury. For much of the 20thcentury there was great _ between rugby leagues, which was a mainly working class game based in the industrial areas of northern England, and rugby union, which is a mainly middle class game in England, and is also popular in the other home nations.\nTennis\nTennis is yet another sport which originated in the United Kingdom and the governing body of the sport is the LTA . However, no British man has won Wimbledon since 1936 and no British woman since 1977. The only British players of either sex to reach the world top 50 in recent years are Greg Rusedski, who learnt his tennis in Canada, and Tim Henman and Andrew Murray ,who did not pass through the LTA system either.", "id": "high2704.txt"}