{"answers": ["D", "A", "C"], "options": [["is not difficult at all", "needs a lot of dreams", "is an interesting thing", "needs a lot of thoughts"], ["change his job often", "do the same job all his life", "find a few good jobs at a time", "live without a job for many years"], ["tests and information", "training courses", "employer's phone numbers", "instructions on resume"]], "questions": ["According to the author choosing the right career   _  .", "Nowadays it is common for one to   _  .", "All of the following are the tools on profession offered by websites EXCEPT   _  ."], "article": "There is a wide and deep choice of a career. Whether he's a hand in construction or sitting behind the desk working on a computer, everyone has some ideas of what is an attractive career. However, making a career choice is not simply a matter of following a dream; for most people it means a lot of research and soul searching. Choosing the right career becomes one of the most important decisions of an individual's life.\nIt used to be that one followed in the footsteps of their father or grandfather or took over the family's business when it came to making a career choice. These days, a career path can start anywhere and then _ into something totally different.\nCareer choices must be realistic and well thought out. It is not uncommon for persons to start a career path and realize they have made a terrible mistake, feeling as if it may be too late to turn around. Not only does a career choice concern your strongest skills and interest, it is also something that you will be doing continuously to bring in income. This is why a career choice can be such a personal decision. Formerly it used to be unusual for someone to change occupations or careers more than once or twice in a lifetime; it is now even more unusual to keep the same career during someone's working life.\nThere are a great many measures in helping one choose the right profession. A number of websites offering tools such as career tests and information, educational resources, resume services and the kind can be found. It is important for one to research one's career in this changing economy situation, and choose the best from several related career choices.", "id": "high2717.txt"}