{"answers": ["D", "D", "A"], "options": [["Because she lost her friends because of Lisa.", "Because she wore a wig to school.", "Because she cried in the classroom.", "Because she always played with Lisa."], ["To put others' needs above yours.", "To keep your illness a secret.", "To be nice to everyone everywhere.", "To face challenges in life bravely."], ["ask for help to find a friend's parents", "remember a true friend", "tell her experience of fighting cancer", "show her concern for a friend"]], "questions": ["Why was the author being laughed at?", "What did the author learn from Lisa?", "The author wrote this passage mainly to   _  ."], "article": "When I was in primary school, sometimes I would meet a girl of the same age as me. Lisa was never active, but she was always very sweet and nice. In the 5th grade she came to my class.\nShe was absent  a lot , and one day I had the courage to ask why. She told me she was sick, and she explained she wore a wig  because her medicine made her lose her hair. We left it at that. Anytime Lisa came to class--seldom--I would hang around with her on the playground.\nI received much ridicule   from my friends for this because they thought I was ignoring them for Lisa. My family education taught me to be nice, and I felt Lisa's needs were much more important than others I knew.\nIt had been months since Lisa was in our class, and one day our teacher was crying. She explained Lisa died the day before and would no longer be our classmate. She told us Lisa had fought a battle  with cancer for years.\nI was shocked. Lisa never spoke of her illness as if it could kill her. Well, all these years I have kept Lisa in my mind and heart. When I go through the important events in my life, I think of Lisa.\nI've had a strong wish recently to find her mother and father. I'd like to tell them that though they never met me, their daughter had a sweet effect on my life. I have no idea what her parents' first names are. I write to your column  and hope you can point me in the right direction.\nLisa was such a lovely girl. Maybe her parents would be comforted by the fact that after all these years they are not the only ones who remember her.", "id": "high2734.txt"}