{"answers": ["D", "B", "C"], "options": [["harmful to people", "a weak point of shy people", "the cause of unhappiness", "a good characteristic"], ["They are pleased by it", "They feel it is not true", "They are very sensitive to it", "They feel they are worthy of it"], ["help us to live up to our full development", "enable us to understand ourselves better", "block our chances for a successful life", "have nothing to do with lack of self esteem"]], "questions": ["According to the wirter, self-awareness is   _  .", "What is the shy people's reaction to praise?", "We can learn from the passage that shyness can   _  ."], "article": "Shyness is the cause of much unhappiness for a great many people. Shy people are anxious and self-conscious; that is, they are over concerned with their own appearance and actions. Worrisome thoughts are constantly occurring in their minds: what kind of impression am I making? Do they like me? Do I sound stupid? Am I wearing unattractive clothes?\nIt is obvious that such uncomfortable feelings must affect people unfavorably. Adperson's self concept is reflected in the way he or she behaves and the way a person behaves affects other people's reactions. In general, the way people think about themselves has a deep effect on all areas of their lives. Shy people ,have low self-esteem , are likely to be passive and easily influenced by others. They need reassurance(,) that they are doing \"the right thing\". Shy people are very sensitive to criticism. It makes them feel inferior .They also find it difficult to be pleased by praises because they believe they are unworthy of praise . A shy person may respond to a praise with a statement like this one:\" You're just saying that to make me feel good .I know it's not true.\" It is clear that, while self-awareness is a healthy quality, overdoing it is harmful. Can shyness be completely got rid of ,or at least reduced? Fortunately, people can overcome shyness with determination. It is important for people to accept their weaknesses as well as their strengths, for example, not fair for them to label themselves inferior because they have to be realistic. Living on the impossible leads to absence of inferiority. Each one of us has his or her own characteristics. We are interested in our own personal ways. The better we understand ourselves. the easier it becomes to live up to our chances for a rich and fulfilling life.", "id": "high2737.txt"}