{"answers": ["C", "D", "B", "D"], "options": [["How to Save Our Planet", "How to Change Our Daily Habits", "Tips for Green Living Today", "Green Living and Serious Pollution"], ["less energy efficient", "faster at work", "easy to repair", "easy to carry"], ["Three", "Four", "Five", "Six"], ["A few changes to daily habits can help a lot.", "While washing teeth we should turn off the faucet.", "Vehicles bring pollution and we should try to avoid.", "In the daytime we should not pull up the drapes."]], "questions": ["What's the best title for the passage?", "Compared with a computer desktop, a laptop   _  .", "How many tips does the passage mention for green living today?", "Which of the following is NOT true?"], "article": "Following some of the tips for green living helps save our planet. All of these involve just a few changes to our daily habits.\nJust walk and limit the use of your car. One of the poster images of pollution is our vehicles. It burns fuel. It is not as efficient as we hope it could be, and we use it every single day. To lessen the effects of the air pollution caused by our vehicles, we should limit their use. If we can walk to our destination then just let us go. Not only do we lessen our carbon dioxide emissions, but we also get a good exercise out of it.\nUse a laptop instead of a computer desktop. Laptops are more energy efficient compared to their bigger counterparts. A laptop is generally 50 percent more efficient in using electricity. Aside from that there are other benefits of a laptop. It is portable so you can work anywhere you like and that you get powerful features without the large size of desktop units.\nTurn off the faucet while you are brushing your teeth. It is always a better idea to use a glass when we are brushing our teeth and not to just let the faucet keep on running. Therefore,there is less water to waste while we are cleaning our pearly whites. Simply turn off the faucet when you are not using it.\nMake good use of natural light. We have a great and natural lamp --- the sun, and we should learn how to take full advantage of it during daytime. So instead of turning on our lights or lamps even if it is still not evening, we should pull up the drapes and let the natural light come in from the windows.\nThese are just some of the best tips for green living, but of course there are still many of these tips if you just search for them. But you can do your own variation any time just always prioritize how you can use less energy and produce even lesser trash and pollution.", "id": "high275.txt"}