{"answers": ["C", "B", "A", "B"], "options": [["was hard to learn", "was only suitable to watch", "was easy to learn", "can only be done with support"], ["He wanted to show off his skating skill before the writer.", "He was disappointed at the writer's performance.", "He was too tired to go on teaching the writer.", "He found he had no gift for teaching others to skate."], ["grab the edge of the ice and get out.", "have courage to call for help", "wait until people came to help", "not like to accept others' help"], ["He broke away from his irresponsible friend.", "He didn't dare to skate any longer", "He fell ill because of staying under ice too longer.", "He lost interest in all kinds of sports."]], "questions": ["At first the writer thought that skating   _  .", "Why did the writer's friend leave and skate alone?   _", "According to the writer, if an adult sank under the ice, he would   _  .", "What effect did the accident have on the writer?"], "article": "When I was eight years old, I had a big accident. I get scared even now when I think about that time. There were many people skating near my house, and seeing them skate so wonderfully, I couldn't wait to have a try, just a piece of cake, I thought .\nI went with a friend who was very skillful. He spent a long time teaching me how to skate , but I still didn't learn much , which made him very angry. Finally , he left me and skated all around. I skated alone and soon got bored because I kept falling down so I took off my skates and just walked around on the ice in my shoes. It was cold and my feet were frozen.\nSuddenly, I stepped on something that was not hard. What was it ? It was a weak place in the ice . When I stepped there, I sank under the ice. I thought that I was going to die, but I did my best to grab something to get out from under the ice. I would have climbed out myself by grabbing the edge of the ice, but at that time I was only a child of eight . I cried out.\nFortunately, someone helped me. He grabbed my arms and pulled me up. Those several minutes seemed a year to me. I thanked him. At that time, my friend came back. I was annoyed at him because he was supposed to take care of me, but he didn't. He was embarrassed. When I took a taxi home, the taxi driver was surprised and asked what had happened. I didn't want to say anything because I was tired and scared. Since then, I have never touched skating.", "id": "high2750.txt"}