{"answers": ["A", "D"], "options": [["Many children ended there due to illegal trade.", "The children in it are all orphans.", "It is a worldwide profitable organization.", "It has many branches all over Nepal."], ["is a friend of the author", "likes teaching very much", "has already settled in Nepal", "is the author of Little Princes"]], "questions": ["What do we know about Little Princess Children's Home?", "It can be learned from the text that Conor Grennan  _  ."], "article": "When his book Little Princes began, Conor Grennan was planning a year-long trip around the globe, a journey that began with a three-month volunteer service at the Little Princess Children's Home, an orphanage  in Nepal.\nArriving there, Conor was immediately welcomed by all the children even though he had no previous experience in working with children. He quickly grew to love the job. But it wasn't long before Conor came to learn that the children were not orphans at all--they were actually children who had been separated from their parents by a child trafficker  .\nThis realization turned Conor's global journey into a strong desire to try to find a way to reunite these children with their families. As a part of his efforts, Conor did a great amount of work when he was back in America. He started up a nonprofit organization called Next Generation Nepal (NGN), raising funds in order to buy a house in Nepal for another children's home. Then, back in Nepal, he began a life-changing trip into remote villages.\nIt is really amazing to read about Conor communicating with the children and to read his descriptions of each of them. He made me truly care about the kids. I wanted them to be able to reunite with their families, too! Unfortunately, this was simply not possible for some of the children. But there were some lucky ones. Jagrit, for example, had thought for years that both his parents were dead. So, Conor was surprised when he visited Jagrifs village and was introduced to the boy's father!\nConor successfully found many of the families of the children and also found his future wife while in Nepal.", "id": "high2757.txt"}