{"answers": ["D", "A", "B"], "options": [["the old man kept begging money from them every day", "there was something dangerous in the old man's house", "the old man wouldn't buy tickets for the train", "they couldn't bear the smell from the old man's house"], ["remained calm", "became excited", "felt worried", "became nervous"], ["Make great plans for your life.", "Keep on doing what you like.", "Do something that is good to society.", "Depend on yourself rather than others."]], "questions": ["The neighbor called the police because   _  .", "When the old man knew he was a millionaire, he   _  .", "What lesson do we learn from the story?"], "article": "Adults usually do not remember most of the things that are taught by their teachers at school. But this story is one such lesson that I will never forget. Every time I drift off course, I think of this story.\nIt was a normal Monday morning, and my teacher was teaching us on important things in life and about devoting ourselves to what is important to us. This is how the story went:\nAn old man lived in a certain part of London, and he would wake up every morning and go to the subway. He would get onto the train right to Central London, and then sit at the street corner and beg. He would do this every single day of his life. He sat at the same street corner and begged for almost 20 years.\nHis house was dirty, and a stench   came out of the house and it smelled terrible. The neighbors could not stand the smell any more, so they called for the police officers to clear the place. The officers knocked down the door and cleaned the house. There were small bags of money all over the house that he had collected over the years.\nThe police counted the money, and they soon realized that the old man was a millionaire  . They waited outside his house expecting to share the good news with him. When the old man arrived home that evening, one of the officers told him that there was no need for him to beg any more as he was a rich man now, a millionaire.\nBut the old man said nothing at all; he went into his house and locked the door. The next morning he woke up as usual, went to the subway, sat at the street corner and continued to beg.\nClearly, this old man had no great plans, dreams or anything significant   for his life. We learn nothing from this story other than staying focused on the things we enjoy doing.", "id": "high2762.txt"}