{"answers": ["D", "C", "A"], "options": [["ask the opinion of others", "surf famous review sites.", "ignore topics of review sites.", "read reviews on the Internet."], ["The reviews on the sites are written mainly by professors.", "Those who write the reviews on the sites are serious sometimes.", "The reviewer addresses your doubt personally for you.", "The reviewers on the sites are ready to write to you if you like."], ["to make good use of review sites", "to consult something with reviewers", "not to make a decision before reading reviews", "not to believe some review sites"]], "questions": ["Nowadays, before buying something, people usually   _  .", "What do we know about the professional reviews sites?", "This passage was written mainly to tell us  _  ."], "article": "It's a natural phenomenon. The minute you think you want to buy something new, you go online to read reviews about it. Not only is this done with shopping, it's also done for movies to see , restaurants to go to and almost everything that is worth having an opinion on. The concept of writing down a review for all to see is something that has caused the birth of reviews sites. These are sites where people post reviews on other people, services, businesses, products and more.\nIn some cases you have professionals do the review and in some other cases you will have the average person write it up. Review sites have a number of ways in which they can gain _ for themselves in the form of advertising. In some cases, a business can pay his way through to a better listing spot. This does not mean that a positive review will be promoted where it is not warranted  .\nReview sites are largely a public forum and it is not necessary for people to reveal their identity. Since people are anonymous   and sign up access is open to all, there are chances that reviews will be planted or will be negatively written simply to discredit a particular product or service.\nThere is a lot of criticism towards these websites since they do nothing to control the kind of entries made or the source of these entries. On the other hand, there are professional review sites. These people are accountable for each of their reviews. Any doubts you have will be addressed personally by the one writing the review. Such sites work on much better principles allowing for a fair opinion.\nConsidering they have a better reputation, they are aware of some the latest products that are released worldwide. This gives you a better chance of finding reviews of the latest product. While a review site will help you narrow down your choice, it by no means should influence your final decision. That is based entirely on the way you see fit.", "id": "high2771.txt"}