{"answers": ["C", "D", "B"], "options": [["Because the teenager is very naughty.", "Because the parent always expects a lot from the child.", "Because you can make your child feel hurt, or misunderstood by what you say without realizing it yourself.", "Because the teenager wants his or her own space."], ["how to get along with a teenager", "how to respect a teenager", "how to understand a teenager", "how to help a teenager grow up"], ["Not allow him to learn driving or take drugs.", "Give him advice only when necessary.", "Let him have his own telephone.", "Not talk about personal things with him."]], "questions": ["Why is it not easy being a teenager or a parent of a teenager?", "The main purpose of the text is to tell parents  _  .", "What should parents do in raising a teenager according to the text?"], "article": "It's not easy being a teenager---nor is it easy being the parent of a teenager. You can make your child feel angry, hurt, or misunderstood by what you say without realizing it yourself. It is important to give your child the space he needs to grow while gently letting him know that you'll still be there for him when he needs you.\nExpect a lot from your child, just not everything. Except for health and safety problems, such as drug use or careless driving; consider everything else open to discussion. If your child is unwilling to discuss something, don't insist he tell you what's on his mind. The more you insist, the more likely that he'll refuse to talk. Instead, let him attempt to solve things by himself. At the same time, remind him that you're always there for him should he seek advice or help. Show respect for your teenager's privacy . Never read him his mail or listen in on personal conversions.\nTeach your teenager that the family phone is for the whole family. If your child talks on the family's telephone for too long, tell him he can talk for 15 minutes, but then he must stay off the phone for at least an equal period of time. This not only frees up the line so that other family members can make and receive calls, but teaches your teenager moderation  . Or if you are open to the idea, allow your teenager his own phone that he pays for with his own pocket money or a part-time job.", "id": "high2781.txt"}