{"answers": ["D", "C", "D"], "options": [["more foods as humans living 10,000 years ago did", "as humans living 10,000 years ago ate", "more kinds of food eaten by people living over 10,000 years ago", "more of the same kinds of foods eaten by people over 10,000 years ago"], ["the human body has changed compared with human first appearing on earth", "the way we live has changed a little", "our body can't deal with the changes in life style", "the way we live today are improper for the human body"], ["Ancient people did a great deal of physical exercise.", "People today have a lot of alcohol.", "People today have more tobacco.", "Food is quite different between life today and life in ancient times."]], "questions": ["The people in industrial nations would be much healthier if they ate   _  .", "New kinds of sicknesses have been found because   _", "What is the main cause mentioned in the article why people suffer from a lot of new sicknesses?"], "article": "Two American scientists told the people in industrial nations that they would be much healthier if they ate more of the same kind of foods eaten by humans living more than 10,000 years ago.\nThe scientists say that the human body has changed very little since human first appeared on earth, but the way we live has changed greatly. Our body has not been able to deal with these changes in life style and this has led to new kinds of sicknesses. These new sicknesses were not known in ancient times. So they are called \"diseases of civilization\". Many cancers and diseases of the blood system, including heart attacks and strokes  are examples of such diseases.\nScientists noted that early stone-age people used very little alcohol or tobacco, probably none. Ancient people also got a great deal of physical exercise, but a change in food is one of the main differences between life in ancient times and life today.\nStone-age people hunted wild animals for their meat, which had much less fat than farm animals. They also ate a lot of fresh wild vegetables, and fruits. They did not use milk and other dairy products, and they made very little use of grains. But today, we eat a large amount of dairy products and grain foods. We eat six times more salt than stone-age people. We eat more sugar. We eat twice as much fat but only one third as much protein and much less vitamin C.\nPeople today probably do not want to live as people thousands of years ago did, but scientists say that we would be much healthier if we ate as those ancient people did, cutting the amount of fatty, salty and sweet foods.", "id": "high2790.txt"}