{"answers": ["B"], "options": [["Food in different festivals.", "Differences between two festivals.", "Festivals in China and western countries.", "Traditional celebrations in different countries."]], "questions": ["What does the writer mainly want to tell us in this passage?"], "article": "Every year, as Spring Festival draws near, most Chinese people will get excited to make preparation for the most important festival and make plan for the winter break. It is a little like Christmas in the United States, but there are some differences between the two festivals.\nBoth the major Chinese and the major Western holidays come during the cold season, and special food is expected. In western countries, cookies and cakes begin just after Thanksgiving in November and show up everywhere. Turkey, potatoes and other food come later. Similar thing happens in China. Entering lunar December, most families will make shopping plans for _ and food is certainly one of the most important things to be considered. At the end of the month, both parents in each family will be very busy---the father is busy buying food while the mother is busy cooking.\nA deeper similarity   is tradition. Christmas, as the letters \"Christ\" suggests, began as a holiday to celebrate the birthday of Jesus Christ. Many people pray   on this day. In China, people living in cities or towns, though they don't plan to sow seeds  this month, still celebrate on the big day for farmers.\nFollowers of both holidays are also different from each other. While Chinese people travel to the homes of elder relatives, Americans usually call or send cards. Westerners prefer Christmas carols to fireworks. In Christmas, many family gifts come together instead of one by one, since adults may have only one day free to celebrate.\nBut the most curious difference is about students. Chinese students going home for Spring Festival sometimes report that they get bored by the end of vacation, yet American students seldom get bored around Christmas and western New Year.\nNot everyone enjoys classic holiday traditions. Students in western countries may get upset, as too much homework, travel or bad family relations may destroy the short holiday season. In China, more and more college students choose to travel or work during the winter holiday instead of going home to stay with their families. It's against the tradition but many people accept it.", "id": "high2801.txt"}