{"answers": ["C", "B", "C", "D"], "options": [["the invention of cameras", "a kind of new art -- photography", "the development of photography", "the different uses of cameras in history"], ["a French photographer in the 1840s", "an American photographer in the 1860s", "a German reporter in the 1880s", "a French artist in the 1890s"], ["It was mainly based on the invention of the first photograph.", "Photographers were popular in the United States because they carried lots of equipment.", "Photographers used to make film themselves and developed it immediately after taking a photo.", "Small handheld cameras made it possible for anyone to become a gifted photographer."], ["take anything they like", "keep a record of real life", "take photos of the famous", "show ideas and feelings in pictures"]], "questions": ["The passage is mainly about  _  .", "The first pictures of a war were taken by   _  .", "Which of the following statements is TRUE about the photography in the 19th century?", "Photography can also be an art form because artists can   _  ."], "article": "1826, a Frenchman named Niepce needed pictures for his business .But he was not a good artist.So he invented a very simple camera  .He put it in a window of his house and took a picture of his garden .That was the first photo.\nThe next important date in the history of photography was 1837. That year, Daguerre, another Frenchman, took a picture of his studio. He used a new kind of camera and a different processs. In his pictures, you could see everything very clearly, even the smallest details. This kind of photograph was called a daguerreotype.\nSoon, other people began to use Daguerre's process. Travellers brought back daguerreotypes from all around the world. People photographed famous buildings, cities and mountains.\nIn about 1840, the process was improved. Now photographers could take pictures of people and moving things. The process was not simple. The photographers had to carry lots of film and processing equipment. But this did not stop the photographers, especially in the United States, where from the 1840s daguerreotype artists were popular in most cities.\nMathew Brady was a well-known American photographer. He took many pictures of famous people. The pictures were unusual because they were very life-like and full of personality.\nBrady was also the first person to take pictures of war. His 1862 Civil War pictures showed dead soldiers and ruined cities. They made the war seem more real and more terrible\nIn the 1880s, new inventions began to change photography. Photographers could buy film readymade in rolls. So they did not have to make the film immediately. They could bring it back to their studios and develop it later, meaning that they did not have to carry lots of equipment. And finally, the invention of the small handheld camera made photography less expensive.\nWith the small camera, anyone could be a photographer. People began to use cameras just for fun. They took pictures of their families, friends and favourite places. They called these pictures \"snapshots\".\nPhotographs became very popular in newspapers in the 1890s. Soon magazines and books also used documentary photographs. These pictures showed true events and people. They were much more real than drawings.\nPhotography had turned into a form of art by the beginning of the 20th century. Some photographs were not just copies of the real world. They showed ideas and feelings, like other art forms.", "id": "high2814.txt"}