{"answers": ["C", "D", "C"], "options": [["People use cars every day.", "Most families have at least one car.", "Many cars on the road are almost empty.", "Electric vehicles are used."], ["Compared with buses and trains, the family car is useful and can save energy.", "A car driving at the speed of 80 kilometers per hour uses half as much petrol as a car traveling at 160 kilometers per hour.", "It is possible for people to develop vehicles.", "Limitation of the number of cars on the road and their speed will help the oil last longer."], ["Governments should cut down the number of family cars on the road.", "The speed of vehicles must be limited.", "New sources of energy should be found and developed.", "Factories should cut down on production."]], "questions": ["In Britain, what reason could help to explain why oil is used up very quickly?", "Which of the following is true?", "What is a better way to solve the problem of the energy crisis?"], "article": "The oil resources which are left will not last very long. This means that all vehicles such as cars, trains, buses, planes and ships that need oil to work will not be able to run. So it will be necessary to develop a new system of transport which uses a fuel more than oil. Electric vehicles are one possibility. In Britain, most families have at least one car and this car is used every day. It could be that only one person in the family drives the car to work or for shopping. The number of cars on the road which are almost empty perhaps helps to explain why the oil is used up so quickly. The family car is a very useful form of transport but it is also a great waste of energy, especially if it is compared with buses or trains. Much petrol is used by a car which is traveling at 120 kilometers an hour. Clearly, it would be better if there were fewer cars on the road and more speed limits so that the oil which is left will last as long as possible.\nAbout 25% of Britain's total consumption of energy is _ --it is used only in the home. Just over 20% is used for transport. Most of the energy is used in industry. It is difficult to suggest any possible energy conservation in industry because many of the suggestions would mean that some people would lose their jobs. It is important that industry produces the same amount of products using the same amount of workers.\nObviously, conservation is not going to be the answer to the energy crisis . The most it can do is to give more time for a better solution to be found. The more time which is available for new sources of energy to be developed, the better it is because there is still a lot of work to be done in order to find suitable, safe methods of producing energy.", "id": "high2817.txt"}