{"answers": ["C", "D"], "options": [["Fiesta Village", "the Boardwalk", "Wild Water Wilderness", "Camp Snoopy"], ["It is in Northern California.", "It is open all the year round.", "It has eight themed areas.", "It is not far from Disneyland."]], "questions": ["Besides Indian Trails, you can also experience Native American culture in   _  .", "What do we know about Knott's Berry Farm from the passage?"], "article": "Knott's Berry Farm is the nation's oldest, and first, theme park and draws around five million visitors each year. Knott's Berry Farm hardly had a very good start. Arriving in Southern California in the 1920s, the Knott Family farmed about 20 acres of land and finally started a restaurant called Mrs. Knott' s Chicken Dinner Restaurant. Mrs. Knott's food became well known and her husband Walter built a Ghost Town as a way of entertaining waiting customers. Today Knott's Berry Farm has 165 rides, shows, attractions and restaurants. For more than 80 years, Knott's Berry Farm has been entertaining families and visitors from around the world.\nThere are six different themed areas with rides and attractions in Knott's Berry Farm. Fiesta Village throws attention to California's Spanish heritage . Indian Trails is similar to Fiesta Village but with an accent on Native American legends, crafts, music and dancing. The heart and soul of Knott's, Ghost Town is an 1880s California Boom Town with cowboys, gunfights, and a real steam train. The Boardwalk makes people think of Southern California beach. Wild Water Wilderness is an 1800s-style park with water rapids and a magical journey into Native North America. For Peanuts fans, Camp Snoopy is a six-acre children's wonderland with 30 rides and attractions. Knott's Berry Farm is in Buena Vista, Orange County, California. It is about half an hour from downtown Los Angeles and 10 minutes from Disneyland. Knott's Berry Farm is open from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. during the week. The park is open on Saturdays from 10 a. m. to 10 p.m. and from 10 a. m. to 7 p.m. on Sundays. During the summer months, the park is open later. The theme park is closed on Christmas Day.", "id": "high2826.txt"}