{"answers": ["A", "D"], "options": [["To introduce the general information of staycatons.", "To compare staycatons with other vacations.", "To persuade more people to have staycations.", "To provide different ways of staycations."], ["The economy in other cities is also improved.", "People spend nothing when staying at home.", "You can visit local attractions for free.", "There is no stress from traveling."]], "questions": ["For what purpose is the text written?", "What is one of the advantages of a staycation?"], "article": "A staycation is a vacation when you do not travel at all. Some people use a staycation to just stay at home, and others prefer to experience the attractions around them without traveling very far.\nThere are many choices for staycations. Any town or city has plenty of choices for things to do if you know where to look. If the weather is nice, you can visit the local gardens or forests for a hike. You can look online for several historic places and create your own history tours. Of course, you can also visit other attractions in the areas like museums, restaurants, bars, parks, beaches, and so on. Often, if you drive just a few hours, you can find a city that you can walk around and see. Then by driving home you can save the cost of a hotel and a plane ride.\nOthers take the term \"staycation\" word for word and do not leave their houses at all. Some choices for this can include taking time off to cook a great meal and enjoy it together or spending all day at a pool.\nJust as a coin has two sides, staycation has its advantages as well as disadvantages.\nSince you are not traveling or staying in a hotel, a staycation can be unbelievably costeffective . You don't have to pay for a hotel, so that cost has been completely _ . You are also saving by not driving very far and by not taking an airplane anywhere. Travel costs have become really high, and the farther you go, the higher they are. By staying close to home, you cut that cost by quite a bit. You are also pushing money back into your local economy by spending your money at local businesses rather than in cities that are far away from home.  Finally, any stress that you feel with travel, whether that is from driving long distances or looking for an airport, will completely disappear.", "id": "high2828.txt"}