{"answers": ["D", "C", "B", "A", "A"], "options": [["have as many shots as possible", "improve your volleyball skills", "be responsible for more ground", "feel light-hearted while playing"], ["You can hit the ball with much less power when playing beach volleyball.", "The playground size of beach volleyball is much larger than that of regular volleyball.", "You can run more quickly when you are playing regular volleyball.", "The rules of beach volleyball are totally different from those of regular volleyball."], ["It is a difficult sport to learn.", "It is a very exciting and interesting sport.", "It is a sport which needs less power.", "It is a sport which needs more skills."], ["it is not an easy job to move on sand", "it is a workout running for the ball", "it is usually a larger team", "the beach volleyball is heavier"], ["the game of beach volleyball", "how to become an excellent volleyball player", "why beach volleyball is one of exciting sports", "what we should pay attention to when playing beach volleyball"]], "questions": ["When you join a large beach volleyball team, you'll  _  .", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?", "What does the writer think of beach volleyball?", "Why is it much slower to play beach volley ball than regular volleyball?  Because   _  .", "The passage mainly tells us   _  ."], "article": "Beach volleyball is one of those sports that can be an exciting game to play and watch, or, can just be about some friends getting together to have a great time. It's really easy, and all you need is sand, a net and a group of people, of any age or fitness level, who want to have fun.\nBeach volleyball can be played with as few as two people on each team, making a total of four people. However, if you are less skilled and experienced in the game, it will be easier to play with a larger team. The more players you have, the less ground each person will be responsible for covering and the more time they will have to recover in between shots. If you only have a few players, each of you will get quite a workout running for the ball after each volley. If you are looking for that relaxing, fun, low-key experience, choose larger teams.\nBeach volleyball is similar to regular volleyball in its rules. However, even experienced volleyball players do not realize how much more difficult it is to run and jump on sand. Since it is harder to move quickly on sand than a hard ground, play will be much slower than regular volleyball on a playground. When a player trains for beach volleyball, he will focus on building lower body strength as well as upper body. While he needs to be able to hit the ball with a great deal of power and accuracy , strengthening his legs is extremely important.\nWhether you are in it for the competition, or just to have a great time with your friends, beach volleyball can be very exciting and fun. You may even start out with friends and fall in love with the sport.", "id": "high2840.txt"}