{"answers": ["A", "D", "B", "C"], "options": [["To protect this endangered animal.", "To entertain people.", "To satisfy people's curiosity.", "To do some experiments."], ["it must be treated badly", "it must be seriously sick", "it must miss the forest", "it needs to be accompanied"], ["The jaguar remained the same.", "The jaguar became very energetic.", "The jaguar lost his girlfriend.", "The jaguar got mad finally."], ["How Jaguars can be protected.", "Family plays an important part.", "Enemies can inspire us to succeed.", "jaguars like to stay with wolves."]], "questions": ["Why did Peruvians set up a zoo for the jaguar?", "That the jaguar always lying in its cave leaves people an impression that   _  .", "What happened to the jaguar after it got five wolves around?", "What is the main idea of the passage?"], "article": "Jaguar  was very rare. It was said that there less than 20 jaguars in the world, one of which was living in the national zoo of Peru. In order to help this jaguar, Peruvians set up a zoo for it, where there were sheep and deer for the jaguar to eat. However, strange enough, no one had ever seen the jaguar hunt the deer and sheep. What they could see was its lying in its cave, sleeping and eating the meat provided by the zoo keepers.\nAt first, people thought that the jaguar felt too lonely, so they found a female tiger to accompany it. However, it did not make too much sense. The jaguar just sometimes went out of its cave with its \"girlfriend\" for a while before it came back to its house again' It is normal for the jaguar to be lazy here. Tiger is the king of forest but you simply put some small animals around him. That is why the jaguar shows no interest in going out' a visitor said. So people put five wolves into the jaguar's zoo. Since then, the jaguar did not go back to its cave any more . It either stands on top of the hill yelling or runs up and down the hill without sleeping all day long .\nActually, one creature without any _ is a lifeless creature. If a man lives without rivals, he is likely to be satisfied with the present and will not fight for the better. He will hold back before all difficulties . Hard environment tends to make successful people . Therefore, we need some rivals to push us to go ahead in all difficulties and competitions in our lives. Due to our rivals, we can bring out our potential to the best. Due to our rivals, we will continuously improve our abilities when competing with them!", "id": "high2843.txt"}