{"answers": ["A", "B", "B"], "options": [["Customizing and repairing iPhones.", "Advertising and selling iPhones.", "Helping students set up business.", "Offering people medical advice."], ["His special family education background.", "The need to keep his former way of 1ife.", "The desire to be the CEO of a company.", "The encouragement from another company."], ["Vincent started his own business with the help of his col1ege.", "Vincent went through great difficulty in the beginning.", "Vincent promotes his business by large scale advertisements.", "Vincent's mother was disappointed by his achievement."]], "questions": ["What is Vincent Quigg's company specialized in?", "What drove Vincent to start his own business?", "What can we 1earn from the text?"], "article": "The iPhone has become one of the most popular mobile phones in the United States. An 18-year-o1d student in California has used his knowledge of the device to create his own business,gaining national recognition for his work.\nVincent Quigg is the CEO of TechWorld. His company is kind of like a hospital for iPhones,specializing in customizing and repairing iPhones. Vincent Quigg launched TechWorld while in high school. \"My mom became single a couple of years ago and I had to grow up. And in order to keep my lifestyle, I had to find different ways to keep my phone, keep a car, transportation and all that stuff. So I had to find ways to be entrepreneurial.\" An organization cal1ed the Network for Teaching Entrepreneurship. or NFTE, helped the young man get started. His mother, Carla Quigg: \"He quit the class, which made me very disappointed.\"\n\"It was extremely hard for myself to find a business to start and run with it. But once I had that ' _ 'or what I knew I wanted to go with, it was really easy and extremely fun.\"\nAt the time, Vincent worked for the electronics store BestBuy. He says people always came into the store with broken electronic devices. He decided that repairing those devices was what he wanted to do. He not only re-registered for the NFTE class, but he also won the organization's national competition for best young entrepreneur.His business has grown through word-of-mouth. Vincent says he now fixes up to l0 phones per week. He earns about $l,500 each month in sales. TechWorld has two other employees. Kacee Wheeler is one of them. He works on the technical side of the business while Vincent Quigg now deals with finances and planning. He says he wants to continue to grow his business.", "id": "high2853.txt"}