{"answers": ["C", "B", "D", "A"], "options": [["Animal world", "Movie camera", "Cartoon making", "Movement"], ["was created by the American cartoonist Felix", "was designed by Pat Sullivan in the early twentieth century", "was unable to do what natural cats could not do", "was created in the United States in the nineteenth century"], ["Walt Disney's cartoon characters were born earlier that Pat Sullivan's", "only professionals can create cartoon characters", "Popeye the Sailor and Olive Oyo were famous cartoonists", "the animation industry started in the United States"], ["Cartoon making is not a difficult job. Anyone can do it.", "Only trained people can be employed in cartoon making industry.", "Anyone can make cartoons under the instructions of professionals.", "Cartoon making is no easy job. You have to spend much time drawing onto the empty film."]], "questions": ["What does the passage mainly discuss?", "According to the passage, Felix the Cat   _   .", "It can be inferred from the passage that   _  .", "Which of the following statements best describes the author's attitude towards cartoon     making?"], "article": "Animation means making things which are lifeless come alive and move.\nSince earliest times, people have always been astonished by movement. But not until this century have we managed to take control of movement, to record it, and in the case of animation, to retranslate it and recreate it. To do all this, we use a movie camera and a projector .\nIn the world of cartoon animation, nothing is impossible. You can make the characters do exactly what you want them to do.\nA famous early cartoon character was Felix the Cat, created by Pat Sullivan in America in the early nineteen twenties. Felix was a wonderful cat. He could do all sorts of things no natural cat could do like taking off his tail, using it as a handle and then putting it back.\nMost of the great early animators lived and worked in America, the home of the moving picture industry. The famous Walt Disney cartoon characters came to life after 1928. Popeye the Sailor and his girl friend Olive Oyo were born at Max Ficischer in 1933.\nBut to be an animator, you don't have to be a professional . It is possible for anyone to make a simple animated film without using a camera at all. All you have to do is to draw directly on to an empty film and then run the film through a projector.", "id": "high2857.txt"}