{"answers": ["A", "D", "D"], "options": [["when he was in college", "when he was a small boy", "because his father encouraged him to do so", "because it was one of his school assignments"], ["Death of a Salesman.", "The Crucible.", "No Villain.", "Finishing the Picture."], ["introduce Arthur Miller's plays", "tell us about Arthur Miller's childhood", "explain how Arthur Miller started to write plays", "give us a brief introduction to Arthur Miller's life"]], "questions": ["Arthur Miller began to write plays   _  .", "Which of the following plays tells the story of Arthur Miller and Marilyn Monroe?", "The passage is intended to  _  ."], "article": "Arthur Miller was born on October 17th, 1915 and died on February 10th, 2005.Over the course of seven decades  of literature career , Arthur Miller created some of the most memorable stage plays  in American Literature. He is the author ofDeathofaSalesmanandTheCrucible. Born and raised in Manhattan, Miller went through the best and the worst of American society.\nArthur Miller's childhood:His father was a productive shopkeeper and clothing manufacturer  until the Great Depression  dried up nearly all business opportunities.Yet, despite being faced with poverty, Miller made the best of his childhood. He was a very active young man, in love with such sports as football and baseball. When he wasn't playing outside, he enjoyed reading adventure stories. He was also kept busy by his many boyhood jobs. He often worked alongside his father. During other times in his life, he delivered bakery goods and worked as a clerk in a car parts warehouse.\nCollege life: In 1934, Miller left the east coast to attend the University of Michigan. He was accepted into their school of journalism. His experiences during the Depression made him skeptical   about religion. Politically, he began leaning towards the \"Left\".And since the theater was the cutting edge way for socioeconomic liberals   to express their views, he decided to enter the Hopwood Drama competition. His first play,NoVillain, received an award from the university.It was an impressive beginning for the young playwright; he had never studied plays or playwriting, and he had written his play in just five days!\nMiller's later years: In 1987, his autobiography was published. Many of his later plays dealt with personal experience. In particular, his final play,FinishingthePicturemirrors the last days of his marriage to Marilyn Monroe.In 2005, Arthur Miller passed away at the age of 89.", "id": "high2862.txt"}