{"answers": ["D", "D"], "options": [["She was causing trouble on purpose.", "She liked pointing out the errors of others.", "She contributed a lot to the success of the premiere issue.", "She ended up joining the magazine."], ["Pride is the biggest enemy of success.", "Success is behind many failures.", "Picking holes in something can help you find a job.", "Accepting responsibility for one's errors can lead to real excellence."]], "questions": ["What do we learn about the woman who had found the errors in the magazine?", "What do we learn from this passage?"], "article": "In March 1987, I started a new magazine called Creating Excellence. It was a very proud moment for me. I'd worked hard for over a year to create it, and the premiere issue   was a real success.\nShortly after we mailed 25,000 copies, I received one in the mail. But this one wasn't as beautiful as the ones we'd sent out. It was marked in red ink correcting the grammatical errors   in it. A talented editor had read the issue carefully and found more errors than I could have imagined.\nI felt _ A magazine called Creating Excellence should be perfect in its content  . The stories were good, but the errors this woman had found showed that we were far from being excellent.\nAt first, I was upset with my editor for not having caught more mistakes, and also upset with the woman who seemed to have taken pleasure in pointing them out. Later, I was upset with myself for not having employed a better editor.\nThen I realized that I had to face up to my mistakes. I called the woman who had shown me that we were not so excellent. I thanked her for taking the time to read our magazine so carefully. As painful as it was, I accepted responsibility for it.\nThen I offered her the job of editing our publication. The result was a great improvement in it; we could now be very proud of our magazine.\nFrom this I learnt that an upsetting moment could be an opportunity to see the truth, and accepting responsibility could help to prevent one making the same mistakes for a second time, and to make \"excellence\" a reality.", "id": "high2867.txt"}