{"answers": ["A", "B", "D", "A", "C"], "options": [["how aggressive pedestrians cause traffic accidents", "why so many Americans were killed on roads last year", "what the traffic rules of the road about pedestrians were", "who are to blame for pedestrian deaths, drunk drivers or the aggressive pedestrians"], ["They know all drivers are skilled and with great care.", "They believe individuals are always first.", "They think traffic rules have nothing to do with them.", "They guess all vehicles will slow down at crossroads."], ["Disregard for traffic signals", "Paying no attention to surroundings.", "Crossing roads drunk.", "Overspeeding driving."], ["Obey traffic signals at crossroads.", "Run as fast as possible at crossroads.", "Talk on your cell phone if necessary.", "Always watch out for big trucks."], ["Excited.", "Cold.", "Concerned", "Inconnected."]], "questions": ["The passage is mainly about   _  .", "What is the pedestrians' selfish reason for traffic jams?", "What was NOT the basic cause of pedestrian deaths in the US a decade ago?", "As one of all the road users, what should we students do on busy roads?", "What word can best describe the author's attitude to the traffic accidents caused by pedestrians?"], "article": "Aggressive pedestrians are in fact as dangerous as careless drivers. They cause traffic accidents, injury and death.\nThese dangerous walkers can be seen in any big city over the world. About 69% of last year's pedestrian deaths in the US occurred in urban areas. They cross streets ignoring \"DON'T WALK\" signals, suddenly appear without warning from behind parked vehicles, walk slowly at crossroads with cell phones attached to heads, blocking traffic.\nThese pedestrians and drivers share a common disregard for the rules of the road, both for selfish reasons. The drivers believe in the power of their machines. If their machines can go faster, they believe they have the right to go faster. If their machines are bigger, they believe they have the right to push smaller vehicles aside. Aggressive pedestrians, on the other hand, believe in the primacy  of the individual, the idea that they are first in any environment, under any circumstances, even when they are on foot in a roaring tide of steel and rubber.\nLast year, an estimated 5,220 pedestrians died in traffic accidents. Some 69,000 pedestrians were injured. On average, that worked out to one pedestrian killed in a traffic crash every 101 minutes, and one injured every eight minutes.\nThe good news is that the accident rate is dropping. For example, the number of pedestrians killed last year was 24 percent less than the number killed in traffic accidents a decade earlier. The bad news is that the basic causes of pedestrian deaths remain pretty much the same----disregard for traffic signals, inattention and crossing roads under the influence of alcohol and drugs. Alcohol, in fact, was involved in 46 percent of the traffic accidents that resulted in pedestrian deaths. Of those, 31 percent of the pedestrians were found to be drunk.\nThe bottom line is that the pedestrians must do more to protect their lives as well as the lives of other road users. They can start by obeying traffic signals, using marked cross-walks and calling a cab when they've had too much to drink.", "id": "high2876.txt"}