{"answers": ["D", "C", "C"], "options": [["the author's parents had been classmates before", "the author had lived in Fiji for about five years", "the author had no memories of her grandma", "people value family in Fijian culture"], ["she didn't want to separate from her brother", "she didn't know her cousins there very well", "she didn't want to separate from her American friends", "her grandma had passed away"], ["He is younger than the author.", "The author had met him on her first trip to Fiji.", "He and the author had lots of common interests.", "He and the author held different opinions about Fijian culture."]], "questions": ["From the passage, we can learn that   _  .", "The author resisted her third trip to Fiji because   _  .", "Which of the following is TRUE about Vishal?"], "article": "The island Fiji has always been around me in my life. My parents met in Fiji when my father was a teacher as a Peace Corps volunteer and my mother a student. They taught me about its people, culture, foods and religious beliefs.\nAt the age of two, I made my first trip across the Pacific Ocean to Fiji. My mother and I made that trip unexpectedly because my grandma was ill and longed to see her American granddaughter. Although I have few memories of that first trip, I do remember grandma braiding  my hair every day. The brush gliding through my hair is a feeling I will treasure forever because she passed away soon. I returned to America when I was five years old. This time I had a brother, Martin, who was two.\nI resisted my third trip to Fiji when I was 15, being a teenager who did not want to spend the summer away from friends. It was this trip, however, that made me realize that Fiji is not just a place to visit but a part of who I am. The smells and sounds and sights came back to me, but the best part was getting to know my relatives.\nVishal was one cousin I quickly bonded with. Born two days before me, I had only known him through pictures before. Though raised oceans apart in different cultures, we talked and laughed about everything from American sports to Fijian dancing. I was able to form close ties with all my cousins, and when I talk about them now, it's as if I have known them my whole life. Spending time with them helped me understand the traditions and values my mother grew up with. Hospitality and care and respect for family members are central values in Fijian culture.\nI truly enjoyed learning about my roots during this trip. Fiji is just like a second home, and I will never forget the time I have spent there.", "id": "high2878.txt"}