{"answers": ["C", "A", "A"], "options": [["save expense and avoid risks", "get free and useful pictures", "get first-hand information and pictures", "satisfy the greed of the freelance cameramen"], ["have to take a lot of risks in the course of work", "are tied to many TV news agencies", "have better skills than other cameramen", "need to contract out risks of work for TV companies"], ["sympathy to", "respect for", "anger to", "admiration to"]], "questions": ["TV news agencies turn to freelance cameramen in order to  _  .", "We can infer from the passage that the freelance cameramen  _  .", "The author of this passage shows his  _  the freelance cameramen."], "article": "When TV news programs report wars or disasters, the editors rarely use the most horrifying pictures of dead or wounded victims because they don't want to upset their viewers. Even so, viewers are usually warned in advance that they may find some of these scenes disturbing, so they can look away if they choose. But the men and women whose job is to record those scenes-the TV cameramen-have no such choice. It is their duty to witness the horrors of the world and record them, no matter how terrible and unpleasant they may be. Consequently, it is one of the most dangerous, exposed and emotionally taxing jobs the world has to offer.\nToday, the demand for their work is rising. The explosion of satellite broadcasting and 24-hour news in recent years has created an almost insatiable   demand for TV information. But major broadcasters and the TV news agencies--such as Reuters and WTN-have never had enough staff to meet the worldwide demand for up-to-date pictures, so increasingly they turn to \"freelance\" TV cameramen.\nThese freelance cameramen are independent operators tied to no particular organization. They will work for any company which hires them, be it for just a few hours or for several weeks in a war zone. But if the freelance cameraman is injured in the course of the job, the TV company is not responsible for him. The freelancer must survive on his own.\nTV will always need hard, vivid moving pictures which are fresh, but these companies feel uncomfortable with large numbers of employees on their books, explains Nick Growing, once foreign editor for Britain Channel 4 News and now a BBC news presenter.\nBy hiring freelancers, they can buy in the skills they need only when they need them. It also enables them to contract out the risk, he says.", "id": "high2885.txt"}