{"answers": ["D", "B", "C", "C", "D"], "options": [["India consumes very little coffee.", "India has a large population.", "People in India now prefer coffee to tea.", "Indians come to like the taste of coffee."], ["They only have tea in the cafes.", "They are the main customers in the cafes.", "They like enjoying coffee with friends in cafes.", "They like to go to the cafes to escape lessons."], ["Coffee is consumed more than tea in India now.", "Coffee is much more welcomed by young Indians than tea.", "Coffee consumed today doubles that of ten years ago.", "The growth of coffee will reduce the consumption."], ["Coffee stores have spread to small towns in India.", "Some foreign coffee companies are trying to open Indian coffee market.", "Local people worry about losing profit on tea.", "Indians drink eight times more tea than coffee."], ["Undergraduate students are main coffee consumers in India.", "Indians mainly consume both tea and coffee.", "India is traditionally a tea-drinking country.", "India is becoming a big new coffee consuming country."]], "questions": ["Why do international coffee companies consider opening businesses in India?", "Which one is correct about undergraduate students?", "What can we learn about coffee in India?", "Which statement is wrong according to the passage?", "What is the text mainly about?"], "article": "India is traditionally a tea-drinking country. But, it is now gaining a new taste for coffee. This has led international coffee companies to consider opening businesses in the huge market. Local business people are also hoping to profit from the country's tea-drinking habits. They want to open new stores that offer tea.\nIt is ten thirty in the morning in India. Two cafes are within meters of each other, near a college in New Delhi. And they are selling a lot of tea. Their main customers are undergraduate students.\n\"We have a lot of break between classes, so whenever we get time, we just go and we enjoy ourselves. It's a lot of fun , especially when you are with people you enjoy spending time with.\"\nIn the past ten years , cafes have become increasingly popular in India. The country's huge young population have quickly taken to the coffee culture.\nCoffee stores have spread from major cities like New Delhi and Mumbai to smaller towns. Coffee use has doubled in the last ten years . It is the success of this market that has gained the attention of companies like the American-based coffee chain Starbucks. The company will open its first store in India later this year. Other companies like Lavazza and Costa Coffee are already there.\nYet, the growth of coffee will not reduce the popularity of tea. Indians drink eight times more tea than coffee. They have been drinking tea for more than one hundred and fifty years. India is one of the world's biggest producers of tea, which is known locally as \"chai\". Outside homes and offices, it is mostly sold by small businesses on the street.", "id": "high290.txt"}