{"answers": ["D", "B", "B"], "options": [["canned food is the only one that the kids enjoy most.", "the children like to have fried chicken only.", "the kids prefer to have cold drinks, not junk food", "the children like nothing better than junk food: cookies and chips"], ["Television influences children's food choice", "The author is not single and he eats meats", "Though the author is a vegetarian, he feels very healthy", "It is certain that beans and spinach are not junk food"], ["why he goes to the party", "whether he gets enough proteins", "whether he allows his children to eat meat", "whether he is healthy and strong"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, it seems that   _  .", "which of the following is NOT true?", "The writer is a vegetarian, so people doubt very much   _  ."], "article": "All right! Enough cookies,cola, and chips! It seems that junk food is all that the children want to eat these days.Television controls their tastes.The kids see well-known personalities eating potato chips, candy and other processed food, and they want to be like their heroes.How do they do it?They eat the same food. I wish there were more characters like old Popeye , the sailor, who ate spinach  and not French fries.\nNow I don't expect my children to eat healthy food because I like brown rice, beans, and fresh vegetables. I'm glad to cook traditional meals of meat and potatoes for them. I really can't be too upset with the kids because most adults aren't careful about what they eat. The other night, my wife and I went to a party where there was plenty to drink but very little for us to eat. They served hot dogs and hamburgers. I can't eat hot dogs, with all those preservatives , and hamburgers are filled with chemicals so that they look better. Besides the meat, they had sugar-filled cookies and cake, and of course, chips. I don't want the world to change because of me, but I think people should realize that there are alternatives  to eating meat. They always tell me that I probably don't get my essential  proteins. I feel better than ever and I'm sure that it's because I'm a vegetarian . I would really like to see more television advertisements which show the benefits of good, healthy, natural food.", "id": "high2906.txt"}