{"answers": ["B", "D", "C", "B"], "options": [["She worked in the supermarket", "She helped someone to learn to read", "She gave single mothers the help they needed", "She went to a training program to help a literacy volunteer"], ["Because she liked to walk to the supermarket", "Because she lived far away from the bus stop", "Because she couldn't afford the bus ticket", "Because she couldn't find the right bus"], ["She knew where the goods were in the supermarket", "She asked others to take her to the right place", "She managed to find the goods by their looks", "She remembered the names of the goods"], ["Interesting", "Meaningful", "Tiring", "Touching"]], "questions": ["What did the author do last summer?", "Why didn't Marie go to the supermarket by bus at first?", "How did Marie use to find the goods she wanted in the supermarket?", "What did the writer think of her work as a literacy volunteer?"], "article": "I went through a training program and became a literacy volunteer last surnmen The training\nI received, though excellent, did not tell me how it was to work with a real student, however. When I began to discover what other people's lives were like because they could not read, I realized the true importance of reading.\nMy first student Marie was a 44-year-old single mother of three. In the first lesson, I found out she walked two miles to the nearest supermarket twice a week because she didn't know which bus to take. When I told her I would get her a bus schedule, she told me it would not help because she could not  read it. She said she also had difficulty once she got to the supermarket,because she couldn't always remember what she needed. Since she did not know words, she could not write out a shopping list. Also, she could only recognize items by sight, so if the product had a different label, she would not recognize it as the product she wanted.\nAs we worked together, learning how to read built Marie's self-confidence,which encouraged her to continue her studies. She began to make rapid progress and was even able to take the bus to the supermarketelt. After this successful trip, she reported how self-confident she felt. At the end of the program, she began helping her youngest son,Tony, a shy first grader with his reading. She sat with him before he went to sleep and together they would read bedtime stories. When his eyes became wide with excitement as she read, pride was written all over her face. As she described this experience, I was proud of myself as well. I found that helping Marie to build her self-confidence was more rewarding than anything I had ever done before.\nAs a literacy volunteer, I learned a great deal about teaching and helping others. In fact, I may have learned more from the experience than Marie did.", "id": "high2908.txt"}