{"answers": ["B", "A"], "options": [["Because they expected to enter the film industry.", "Because the couple wanted to stay away from the coming war.", "Because they intended to have her books published.", "Because they both meant to promote the sales of new books."], ["Nin got married in 1923 and started writing a year later", "Nin wrote her book \nHenry and June from the Unexpurgated Diary of Anais Ninafter she moved to America", "Nin directed and played in various films", "Anais Nin was awarded an honorary doctorate by the Philadelphia College of Science"]], "questions": ["Why did Nin and her husband move back to New York in 1939?", "We can infer from the passage that  _  ."], "article": "Anais Nin was a famous writer. Nin was born French-Cuban but lived in the United States in her later years of life till she died. Nin's works had her relationships with authors,artists,and other figures as the main subject. Some of her writings were made into films. Nin was also a visiting lecturer in several colleges and promoted Women's Movement with her strong writings.\nAnais Nin was born in France in 1903. Her father was a Spanish artist and a composer living in Cuba where he met her mother, a French singer working in Cuba. As a child Nin was brought up in Spain. When her parents separated, Nin and her two brothers moved to New York with their mother. At the age of 16 Nin decided to give up studying and started to work as a dancer and model to reduce the financial burden on her mother so that her brothers could go on with their studies.\nIn 1923 Nin got married to her husband,Hugh Parker Guiler in Cuba. In 1924 Nin and Hugh moved to Paris where Hugh continued with his banking career and Nin started writing. Nin wrote her first book in print,D. H. Lawrence:An Unprofessional Studyin 16 days. In 1939 Nin left Paris as it was a French government's request to its residents to leave Paris because of the coming war. Nin returned to New York with Hugh and sent her written books to Frances Steloff of the Gotham Book Mart in New York for safekeeping.\nIn 1931 Nin wrote her bookHenry and June from the Unexpurgated Diary of Anais Nin. In 1936 Nin publishedHouse of Incestwhich was a 72-page fiction novel.\nNin also appeared and was a part of various films. In 1973 Anais Nin was awarded an honorary doctorate by the Philadelphia College of Art. In 1974 Nin was elected to the United States National Institute of Arts and Letters.\nIn 1977 Nin died in her Los Angeles home after battling with cancer for three years.", "id": "high2909.txt"}