{"answers": ["C", "B", "D", "B"], "options": [["they don't like to live in the rural Kansas", "there are not many girls in the rural Kansas", "they found their soul mates in cities", "the life in rural Kansas is so hard"], ["Salina has a population of 500,000", "a quarter of all physicians in Kansas are too old for the ideal doctors", "William Cathcart-Rake heads a new program in rural Kansas", "Educating more doctors in cities can settle the problem"], ["Because she found her soul mate in rural Kanas.", "Because she likes to work as a doctor.", "Because she grew up in a town of 6,000 people.", "Because she likes the size of the program."], ["To make it known that it lacks doctors very much in rural Kansas.", "To introduce a program handling the lack of doctors in rural Kansas.", "To train students to become doctors for rural Kansas.", "To meet the demands of doctors for many rural towns in Kansas."]], "questions": ["The reason why the medical students don't want to go back to rural areas is that  _  .", "From the text we learn that  _  .", "Why did student Claire Hinrichsen choose the Salina program?", "What is the purpose of the passage?"], "article": "Many rural areas in the United States have no doctor. Some medical schools are trying different ways to treat the problem . One idea is to educate doctors in smaller communities and hope they stay. Dr. William Cathcart-Rake heads a new program at the University of Kansas in the Midwest.\n\"We need more doctors. There's somewhere like a quarter of all of our physicians in Kansas who are sixty years of age or older. So we need to be replacing physicians, too.\"Says Dr. William Cathcart. He also says medical students from rural areas now typically study in Wichita or Kansas City, two of the biggest cities in Kansas. They say, \"You know, I really have every intention of coming back to rural Kansas,\"but they meet a soul mate, they get married, their soul mate happens to be from a big city and we never see them again. They get captured in the big city. Hopefully, if we train them in smaller communities, they can meet the future _ here , they can network here, and they have those connections which can hopefully be lifelong.\nThe program is based in Kansas' tenth largest city , Salina, home to about fifty thousand people. Salina is about a three-hour drive from Kansas City, past fields of corn, soybeans and cattle.\nStudent Claire Hinrichsen grew up in a town of about six hundred people. She attended the University of Kansas, or KU, as an undergraduate. One reason why the chose the Salina program is because of the size. There are only eight students--the smallest medical school in the country. Classes are taught by professors in Salina or on a video link from Kansas City or Wichita.\nStudents who complete the four year program will then do their residency training in a small community in the surrounding area. One place a resident might work is the Clay Center Clinic, where Dr. Kerry Murphy is a family physician.\nRural doctors generally serve older, poorer patients. Going into a specialty in a big city can mean better working hours and more money to pay off student loans.\nThe Salina program will pay tuition for each year that students practice in a rural area in Kansas.", "id": "high291.txt"}