{"answers": ["C", "C", "B"], "options": [["didn't work in winter", "stayed up late in winter", "missed the beauty of winter", "enjoyed the seasons except winter"], ["Of all the seasons, the writer loves winter most.", "The writer regrets that he went out on the freezing cold winter morning.", "The writer believes contrast makes our experiences of the seasons lovelier.", "The writer values the autumn and summer more than the winter"], ["To share some winter thoughts with readers.", "To show readers how to work on a winter story.", "To inspire readers to take more exercise in winter", "To tell readers how to appreciate the beauty of winter."]], "questions": ["According to the story A Winter Adventure, most of the neighbours   _  .", "Which of these statements is true according to the story A Winter Adventure?", "What function does the story A Winter Adventure serve?"], "article": "Looking for some inspiration or the \"write\" kind of ideas for your creative stories? To start with, some writers describe winter by using their five senses or their imagination. Others write on their favorite winter activity. Whatever you choose to write about, working on a winter story can always help to improve your writing skills. Now read the following story and see if it helps get rid of any icy writing block you' ve been struggling with.\nA Winter Adventure\nBeep, beep. Beep-beep: the alarm clock rang. Slowly, I got out of warm bed down onto the wooden floor which the winter had thrown its cold upon. The bitter cold temperature penetrated    my socks and I hurried to put my feet in shoes.\nLooking out of the window, I watched the white snow, soft and thick, drop onto rooftops and trees. Half an hour later, finishing the last of my hot chocolate, I prepared to enter the _ that waited for me outside. I buttoned my jacket and fastened my boots. Hat on, I opened the door and was greeted by the winter coldness.\nIn the depths of winter, the early morning did not have the rush of the rest of the year. Most of my neighbours were put off by the cold, and stayed in bed until the sun had climbed higher into the sky.\nUnseen by those who remained locked inside their homes, warm in their beds, I enjoyed being alone with the beauty of the wintertime. Those indoors were unable to appreciate the snow-scapes, ice crystals, frost and the crisp breeze. For them, the coming of winter meant just the arrival of the cold.\nAppreciation depends on contrasts. One cannot love the warmth of April if one has not known the freezing cold of winter. Later that year, the heat of the sun on my skin would be all the more wonderful for my memories of that cold morning and others like it.", "id": "high2927.txt"}