{"answers": ["D", "B"], "options": [["In theory, scientists are unlikely to clone humans.", "Richard Seed has fallen behind other scientists in cloning humans.", "Cloning human beings is good for men.", "People have different ideas about cloning humans."], ["They are in favour of the idea.", "They are against the idea.", "They have an optimistic attitude to the idea.", "They think it is none of their business."]], "questions": ["Which of the following statements is TRUE?", "How do many medical experts and other groups like the idea of cloning humans?"], "article": "A private group of scientists has announced plans to make an exact copy of a human being. An American member of the team says he and  the others will soon begin a serious effort to clone humans. Panos Zavos says the team hopes to manufacture the world's first cloned baby within the next two years.\nIn recent years, scientists have produced exact genetic copies of sheep and a few other animals. They created these clones from a single cell of an adult animal.\nThree years ago, another American doctor, Richard Seed, announced plans to clone a human being. However, there is no evidence that he has been successful.\nDoctor Zavos says the new international group plans to offer human cloning only to women who are currently not able to become pregnant or produce children. He says the aim is to assist people who want to have their own biological child.\nThe technology would be similar to that used to clone animals. It would involve cleaning genetic material from a woman's egg. Doctors then would place genetic material from the woman's husband into the egg before putting it into the woman's uterus .\nDoctor Zavos says his group plans to do the work in a country near the Mediterranean Sea. He did not name the country. He says an Italian reproductive expert, Sevorino Antinori, is leading the team. Doctor Antinori has led the efforts to help many older women become pregnant. He is known for establishing pregnancies in women as old as sixty.\nMany medical experts and other groups are opposed to the idea of cloning humans. Several countries ban or restrict work on human cloning. Several doctors criticize the announcement by Doctor Zavos. They say doctors do not know if cloning humans is possible or safe. They say it would be irresponsible to attempt to clone a human being. That is because the chances of success are too small and the risks are too great.", "id": "high2943.txt"}