{"answers": ["C", "C", "A"], "options": [["Russia", "India", "Britain", "America"], ["will be mainly connected with scientific research", "will report more important political activities", "will directly cover more on scientific research", "will build a bridge between different people"], ["It was centuries ago that newspapers came into being .", "Televisions have taken the place of newspapers .", "The Internet will gradually take the place of newspapers.", "The nature of news may remain the same over generations."]], "questions": ["The author of the passage is most probably from   _  .", "According to the passage, the future of newspapers   _  .", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?"], "article": "If there is one thing I'm quite sure about, it is that in a hundred years from now we still be reading newspapers. Not those newspapers are a necessity. Even now some people get most of the news from the television or have the radio switched on in the background or in the car. Many buy a paper only on Saturday or Sunday. But for most people a newspaper has become a habit passed down from generation to generation.\nThe basic British character won't change, and one of the characteristics of the British is that we don't much like talking to each other when we get up. So what better way is there to keep yourself thinking in the morning than to wrap yourself in a newspaper?\nOver the past couple of centuries, human beings have developed a close relationship with the newspaper. It has become as natural as breathing or enjoying the sun. And it is not just the British who love newspapers. On suburban trains in Calcutta, for instance, just one person in the whole car will buy a newspaper and read aloud the best bits to his fellow passengers, much to everybody's enjoyment.\nThe nature of what is news may change. What essentially makes news is what affects our lives and the big political stories, the coverage of the wars, earthquakes and other disasters, will continue much the same. I think there will be more coverage of scientific research, though. It's already happening in areas that may directly affect our lives, like genetic engineering. In the future I think there will be more coverage of scientific explanations of why we feel as we do, whether it's love or depression. We develop a better understanding of how the brain operates and what our feelings really are.\nIt's quite possible that in the next century newspaper will be transmitted  electronically from thenational equivalents of Fleet Street (,) and printed out in our own homes. In fact, I'm pretty sure that that is how it will happen in future. You'll be probably selecting from a menu, making up your own _ by picking out the things you want to read and say. You might even have an intelligent screening device   to do the job for you.\nI think people have got it wrong when they talk about the competition between the different media. They actually have a relationship, feeding off each other. It was once predicted that television would kill off newspapers, which hasn't happened. What is read on the printed page is more enduring   than pictures on a flickering screen or sound lost in the sky. And as for the Internet, it's never really satisfying to read something just on a screen.", "id": "high2951.txt"}