{"answers": ["B", "A", "C", "B", "D"], "options": [["France", "England", "Germany", "the US"], ["The young man's family was poor while the beautiful girl is rich.", "A rich young man fell in love with a beautiful girl.", "The young man loved the girl but the girl didn't love him.", "The young man had enough money to buy a beautiful vase."], ["He wanted to give her a Christmas present.", "He fell in love with her.", "Her birthday was coming soon.", "They were going to get married."], ["He looked very excited.", "He looked pale and sad.", "He was poorly dressed.", "He said he wanted to buy a beautiful vase."], ["The manager had cheated the young man.", "His fiancee must be thankful to him for the present.", "The guests would be angry because the servant had broken the vase.", "What the careful servant had done gave the trick away."]], "questions": ["The story took place   _  .", "Which of the following is true?", "Why did the young man want to buy a present for the girl?", "Why did the shop manager come to talk to the young man?", "What do you think happened at the end of the story?"], "article": "A young man who lived in London was in love with a beautiful girl. Soon she became his fiancee. The man was very poor while the girl was rich. The young man wanted to make her a present on her birthday. He wanted to buy something beautiful for her, but he had no idea how to do it, as he had very little money.\nThe next morning he went to a shop. There were many fine things there: gold watches, diamond... but all these things were too expensive. There was one thing he could not take his eyes off. It was a beautiful vase. That was a suitable present for his fiancee. He had been looking at the vase for half an hour when the manager of the shop noticed him. The young man looked so pale, sad and unhappy that the manager asked what had happened to him.\nThe young man told him everything. The manager felt sorry for him and decided to help him. A bright idea struck him. The manager pointed to the corner of the shop. To his great surprise the young man saw a vase broken into many pieces. The manager said: \"When the servant enters the room, he will drop it.\"\nOn the birthday of his fiancee the young man was very excited. Everything happened as had been planned. The servant brought in the vase, and as he entered the room, he dropped it. There was horror on everybody's face. When the box was opened, the guests saw that each piece was packed separately .", "id": "high2955.txt"}