{"answers": ["D", "C", "D"], "options": [["his school is more student-centered", "he wants to get more sleep", "he wants to fool around on campus", "the teaching style needs much improvement"], ["is giving permission for students to skip classes", "thinks it's embarrassing for the three students to establish ltaoke. com", "thinks the website will help to know why students skip classes", "claimed that he supported those students who skip classes for good reasons"], ["Teachers should adopt practical materials and flexible teaching methods.", "Schools should offer teachers more training:", "Schools need to ensure that students can attend various courses they are interested in.", "Students should be punished if they skip classes."]], "questions": ["Chen Yang Skips some courses because  _  .", "According to the passage,we learn that Professor Xiao  _  .", "Which of the following measures is NOT mentioned to stop students skipping classes?"], "article": "Skiping classes violates school rules and a poor attendance record will damage your final mark. But some college students still try every means to escape classes.   The number of these rebels may be much bigger than you think.  Three students from Anhui Normal University established Itaoke. Com in June. The website quickly attracted 2 000 registered members in three months. On the website, students share their experiences of skipping classes and even post ads to look for someone to stand in for them to attend courses.  Its embarrassing for universities to see this shameful behavior discussed:\nHowever,it's good for schools and teachers to know via the website the reasons why students skip classes,according to Professor Xiao Haitao from Shenzhen University: Xao pointed out that some`students skip classes because of laziness.Others play truant because the teaching is truly dissatisfactory,\"Universities can seek improvements to give a cure to the class-skipping problem,\"said Xiao.\nChen Yang,21,thinks that he is  \"forced\" to skip some courses because of the poor teaching.  the  senior,majoring in English at Yangtze University, thinks that he's wasting time in the classroom when the teacher reads the textbook word for word or hands him outdated reading materials. He would rather skip classes to study in the library, watch online videos of Harvard or Yale lectures,or sit in on other courses he is interested in. Chen draws a clear line between himself and those who skip classes in order to get more sleep or fool around on campus. He emphasized:\"I skip classes with a clear goal,which is to probe into areas I'm interested in and broaden my horizons.\"\nLi Sicen,President of the National Taiwan University,seems to be on Chen's side.  Li claimed that he supported those students who skip classes for good reasons.\nHowever,Professor Xiao warns students that Li is not giving permission for students to skip  classes. Xiao suggests that Li was just showing his understanding of truancy in a limited number of cases.\nIn Professor Pan Cuiqiong's opinion,students tend to jump to the conclusion that a certain course is boring and useless. \"To clear students' misunderstanding,teachers should use materials closely related to students'lives and adapt interactive teaching methods,\"said Pan.\nBesides offering teachers more training,schools also need to give students different optional courses and ensure that they can attend the courses they are interested in,according to  Professor  Xiao.  Many Chinese students have the experience of being kicked out of an optional course because its size is limited. They are then forced to choose courses they dislike and are likely to skip them. We may learn from Sydney University in Australia.  There aren't any problems with numbers---if a course is popular then there will be more than one class per week.", "id": "high2975.txt"}