{"answers": ["B", "B"], "options": [["What you value above anything is the friendship developing during childhood.", "The friendship developing during your school days will be with you for a long time.", "Only through your friends' influence will you take the responsibility for your task.", "If you have no music in you, none of your friends will be a music lover."], ["You should tell true friends from phoneys.", "True friendship is too difficult to find.", "You can share your joys and sorrows with a true friend.", "A true friend will stand by you whatever happens."]], "questions": ["Which of the following is TRUE?", "Which of the following is NOT TRUE?"], "article": "Friends play a very important part in everyone's life. Friendship usually develops during childhood. New friends are made when you progress through school. Those friends that you make as a student can usually last long. Friends influence   your development, maturity   and sense of responsibility. A familiar expression is \"You can tell a lot about a person by knowing who his friends are.\" Friendship is based on common interests. If you like sports, most of your friends are likely to be athletic  . If you enjoy reading and shopping, most of your friends do the same.\nSome people call you their friends for the wrong reasons. These people are not really friends. They are superficial  only \"friends\" on the outside, not the inside where it counts. Superficial friends only want to be your friends if it is to their advantage. True friends are there if you are rich or poor. It is easy to have many _ if you are rich. By this time you should be able to separate your friends into the real or the \"phoney\".\nTrue friends are most special. They are also difficult to find. You can consider yourself very lucky if you have one true friend. This friend is eager to help you whenever necessary. He or she knows you would do the same for them. A true friend is someone you can talk to about any subject or problem. You and your true friend have good understanding of each other. True friends support you, take your side, and build up your confidence.", "id": "high2982.txt"}