{"answers": ["B", "C", "D", "A"], "options": [["Love your friends", "Live a real life", "Don't waste time", "Be a good mother and wife"], ["By working and social experience", "Learning from her friends.", "Through an unfortunate experience.", "Because of her children and husband."], ["Do it well to serve others.", "To earn enough money to make life better.", "Try your best to get higher position and pay.", "Don't let it affect your real life."], ["the author is a success in personal life", "the author didn't try her best to work well", "the author spent all her time caring for her children", "the author likes traveling very much"]], "questions": ["The best title of this passage probably is   _  .", "How did the author form her view of life?", "What is the author's attitude toward work?", "It can be inferred from the passage that   _  ."], "article": "I am a good mother to three children. I have tried never to let my profession stand in the way of being a good parent.\nI no longer consider myself the center of the universe. I listen. I try to laugh. I am a good friend to my husband. I have tried to make marriage vows   mean what they say. I am a good friend to my friends, and they to me. Without them, there would be nothing to say to you today.\nSo here's what I wanted to tell you today: Get a life. A real life, not a desire of the next promotion  , the bigger paycheck, the larger house.\nGet a life in which you are not alone. Find people you love, and who love you. And remember that love is not leisure  , it is work. Pick up the phone. Send an e-mail. Write a letter. And realize that life is the best thing and that you have no business taking it for granted.\nIt is so easy to waste our lives, our days, our hours, our minutes. _ . I learned to live many years ago. Something really, really bad happened to me, something that changed my life in ways that, if I had my choice, it would never have been changed at all. And what I learned from it is what, today, seems to be the hardest lesson of all.\nI learned to love the journey, not the destination. I learned to look at all the good in the world and try to give some of it back because I believed in it, completely and totally. And I tried to do that, in part, by telling others what I had learned. By telling them this: Read in the backyard with the sun on your face. Learn to be happy. And think of life as a deadly illness, because if you do, you will live it with joy and passion as it ought to be lived.", "id": "high2985.txt"}