{"answers": ["B", "D", "B", "A", "C"], "options": [["happy", "lonely", "free", "excited"], ["laugh at you", "play jokes on you", "quarrel with you", "help you up"], ["Oh, so do I.", "Congratulations!", "Good luck!", "It's just so-so."], ["People who have cars would never like to walk in the open air.", "You can get help from others when you make mistakes.", "You can still be a happy person even if you have little money.", "Happiness is always around you though difficulties come towards you."], ["Bad luck.", "Good luck.", "Happiness.", "Life."]], "questions": ["Those who have big houses may often feel  _  .", "When you fall down in a PE class, both your teacher and your classmates will  _  .", "What will your friends say to you when you make great progress?", "Which idea is NOT RIGHT according to the passage?", "Which of the following is this passage about?"], "article": "Happiness is for everyone. You don't need to care about those people who have beautiful houses with large gardens and swimming pools or those who have nice cars and a lot of money and so on. Why? Because those who have big houses may often feel lonely and those who have cars may want to walk on the country roads at their free time.\nIn fact, happiness is always around you if you put your heart into it. When you are in trouble at school, your friends will help you; when you study hard at your lessons, your parents are always taking good care of your life and your health; when you get success, your friends will say congratulations to you; when you do something wrong, people around you will help you to correct it. And when you do something good to others, you will feel happy, too. All these are your happiness. If you notice a bit of them, you can see that happiness is always around you.\nHappiness is not the same as money. It is a feeling of your heart. When you are poor, you can also say you are very happy, because you have something else that can't be bought with money. When you meet with difficulties, you can say loudly you are very happy, because you have more chances to challenge yourself. So you cannot always say you are poor and you have bad luck. As the saying goes, life is like arevolving  door. When it closes, it also opens. If you take every chance you get, you can be a happy and lucky person.", "id": "high299.txt"}