{"answers": ["C", "D", "A"], "options": [["there's one group presenting a catering service.", "all groups followed his idea of restaurant chains.", "the students' ideas were lacking in creativeness.", "the time limit had been rather challenging."], ["China can make and sell all kinds of product all over the world", "High pay can solve the problem of China's research environment", "Foreign trained scientists are expected to invent a Chinese brand", "The new government program is aimed at encouraging imagination"], ["Look for a New Way of Learning", "Develop MBA Students' Creative Thinking", "Help China to Become a Creator", "Improve China's Research Environment"]], "questions": ["The author feels disappointed when the students hand in their plans because  _", "Which statement is TRUE according to the passage?", "Which can serve as the best title of the passage?"], "article": "I do desire to help my Chinese students to find a better way of learning. I once divided my Chinese MBA students into six groups and set them an assignment: brainstorming on \"two-hour business plans\", for example: a restaurant chain. Originality would be valued most. As a result, five groups proposed projects for restaurant chains. The sixth showed a catering service. I couldn't help expressing my disappointment, though the time limit had been rather challenging.\nThose middle managers and financial analysts from state-owned enterprises and global companies were not untalented or without opinions, but they had been accustomed to an educational system that rarely rewarded critical thinking or Originality. Papers were often copied from the Internet and the Harvard Business Review. Students insisted that copying was a superior business strategy, better than inventing and creating.\nIn China, you can see almost all kinds of products you can imagine have been made and sold, but so few well developed marketing and management minds have been produced that it will be a long time before most people in the world can name a Chinese brand!\nPartnerships with institutions like Yale and MIT have been established so as to solve the problem mentioned above. And there's also the \"thousand talent scheme\": this new government program is designed to improve technological modernization by inviting top foreign trained scientists to the mainland with large sums of money. But there are concerns about China's research environment, which is known for lacking in encouraging independent thinking and inventiveness, and even high salary offers may not be attractive enough to overcome this.\nIf China wants to become a major world creator, it is no good just seeking partnerships with top Western universities or gathering a group of well-educated people and telling them to think creatively. It's time to establish a rich learning environment for young minds. Yes, new way of learning is the key!", "id": "high2994.txt"}