{"answers": ["C", "D"], "options": [["their contributions should be valued", "their experience should be appreciated", "they can be ambitious workaholics", "they are extremely loyal employees"], ["it's not wise to suggest lengthening the retirement age", "it does make sense to set a particular retirement age", "having different retirement age sounds unreasonable", "when to retire should depend on the employees themselves"]], "questions": ["All the following statements are reasons for allowing old people to continue working EXCEPT that   _  .", "The author is likely to agree that   _  '"], "article": "There have been discussions about retire age limit recently. Does it make sense to make people retire at a particular age, say, 55? 60?\nSome people work well into their 70s and 80s, running families, countries or corporations while other people, despite being fit and highly talented, are forced to retire in their fifties or even earlier. Here I will examine whether people should be allowed to continue working as long as they want or whether they should be encouraged to retire at a particular stage.\nSome people think there are several reasons for allowing older people to continue working. Firstly, older employees are more experienced and their knowledge can be lost to his company or business if they are made to retire. Secondly, older employees are often extremely loyal and more willing to carry out company policies than younger staff. Another point is related to our society's attitudes to the old. To force someone to retire at 50 or 60 indicates that the society does not value the contribution of these people, which may be regarded as age discrimination.\nHowever, others believe that allowing older people to work indefinitely  is not a good policy. Age alone is no guarantee of ability. Old people are ambitious workaholics. Many young employees are more skillful than older staff, who may have been stuck in one area or unit for most of their working lives. _ . In addition, without age limits, many people would continue to work purely because they did not have any other plans. Another reason is that older people should be rewarded by society for their life's labor by being given generous pensions and the freedom to enjoy their leisure. We now have youngsters who can't find jobs because old people refuse to retire. This new generation of \"old people\" may think they will never die due to modern advances in medicine.\nWith many young people unemployed or frustrated in low-level positions, older workers are expected to retire. However, this can affect their right to work. I feel that giving workers more flexibility and choice over their retirement age will benefit both society and the individual.", "id": "high2995.txt"}