{"answers": ["C", "D", "B", "D"], "options": [["Patients will ask their doctors for euthanasia if they are afraid of illness.", "Australia, Canada and the US speak highly of the law of euthanasia.", "All people in Australia don't share the positive attitude to euthanasia", "If a patient requests death, he should sign a certificate after 48 hours."], ["Australia has advanced technology of extending life.", "Australians realize suffering from a terrible disease is worse than death.", "Australia is faced with a growing ageing population.", "Australians find it easy to deal with the moral and practical influence."], ["Australia passed the law of euthanasia by the vote of 15 to 10", "John and his group are in favor of the law of euthanasia in Australia.", "an adult patient can request euthanasia by a deadly injection or pill", "Lloyd has seen many people die in the hospital fighting for oxygen."], ["Negative", "Critical", "Doubtful", "Positive"]], "questions": ["According to the text, which of the following statements is TURE?", "Which is NOT the reason for Australia to become the first country to pass the law of euthanasia?", "It can be inferred from the text that  _  .", "What's the author's attitude to euthanasia?"], "article": "Australia's Northern Territory became the first legal authority in the world to perform euthanasia --that's to say, doctors are permitted to take the lives of incurably ill patients who wish to die. Word that the law was passed by the vote of 15 to 10 immediately flashed on the Internet and was picked up by John, the director of the Right to Die Society of Canada, who posted it on the group's homepage online, saying, \"This isn't merely something that happened in Australia. It's world history.\"\nThe NT Rights of the Terminally Ill Law has left physicians and citizens trying to deal with its moral and practical influence. Some have breathed sighs of relief; but others, including churches, right to life groups and the Australian Medical Association, bitterly attacked the law. But the tide is unlikely to turn back. In Australia--where an aging population, life-extending technology and changing community attitudes have all played their part--other states are going to consider making a similar law. In the U. S. and Canada, where the right to die movement is gathering strength, _ .\nUnder the new Northern Territory law, an adult patient can request death--probably by a deadly injection or pill--to end suffering. The patient must be diagnosed as incurably ill by two doctors. After a \"cooling off\" period of seven days, the patient can sign a certificate of request. After 48 hours the wish for death can be met. For Lloyd, a 54-year-old Darwin resident suffering from lung cancer, the NT Rights of Terminally Ill Law means he can get on with living without the disturbing fear of his suffering: a terrifying death from his breathing condition. \"I' m not afraid of dying from a spiritual point of view, but what I was afraid of was how I'd go, because I've watched people die in the hospital fighting for oxygen and clawing at their masks,\" he says.", "id": "high2996.txt"}