{"answers": ["A", "B", "D", "C"], "options": [["The difficulty in meeting people.", "The idea of supermarket dating.", "The items on their grocery list.", "The inconvenience in shopping."], ["They schedule their meeting in advance.", "They go through a special checkout.", "They pick out their groceries with great care.", "They dial the phone numbers on their shopping items."], ["pick up a purple basket", "buy low-fat food", "embellish your appearance", "buy pet food"], ["The supermarket dating is more convenient.", "The supermarket dating is more casual.", "The supermarket dating can be trusted more.", "The supermarket dating is less expensive."]], "questions": ["What do many single people in Paris complain about?", "How do love shoppers meet one another?", "According to the writer,a possible way to win a woman's heart is to  _  .", "Why do the people prefer the supermarket dating to Internet dating?"], "article": "Although Paris is often considered the city of romance, close to a million adults who call it home are single. Many single people say that France's capital is one of the most difficult places to meet people. The complaints of this lonely group have inspired a new phenomenon known as \"supermarket dating.\" At Galerie Lafayette Gourmet,singles can shop for more than just the items on their grocery list. They can look for someone who has blue eyes, brown hair,and is 1.8 meters tall,or whatever may be on their romantic shopping list.\nAt this Paris location,single people of all ages can schedule their shopping for Thursday nights between 6:30 and 9:00 p.m. When they walk through the door,they pick up a purple basket to advise that they are looking for love. They try to arrive early because the baskets disappear quickly, and then they have to wait in line for their turn to wander the store aisles .\nWith purple baskets in hand, shoppers can consider their romantic options while they pick out their groceries. When they are ready to pay, they can go to the checkout line for singles who want to chat.\nMost of the people who look for love in the supermarket are skeptical of Internet dating. They know that it is easy to embellish one's appearance or to lie about one's age over the Internet. The supermarket, on the other hand,is considered a safe and casual environment in which to meet a potential match. In addition, what one finds in another's grocery basket can say a thing or two about that person's character or intentions. Buying pet food can be a man's way of showing a potential match that he has a sensitive side. Women who fill their baskets with low-fat food show their healthy style of living. These ways it's possible to find much more than food at a grocery store.", "id": "high3003.txt"}