{"answers": ["B", "D", "B"], "options": [["Over nutrition.", "Obesity.", "Unbalance diets.", "Junk food."], ["Positive feelings about food.", "High calorie of junk food.", "Nice taste.", "Eating habits."], ["Stop children drinking sugary drinks", "Drink water to eat more healthy", "Change eating habits to lose weight", "Eat healthy food at home"]], "questions": ["What may cause the risk of diseases according to the text?", "What makes many of us choose junk food according to the author?", "Which would be the best title for this text?"], "article": "Since 1950, the amount of information about the nutrition of food has increased by nearly 900 percent. Besides this fact, obesity has risen by 214 percent and nearly two out of every three adults in America are overweight or obese. Being overweight is not only an appearance problem, and it also increases the risk of various diseases including diabetes, sleep disorder and cancer.\nWith so much nutritional knowledge easy to find, we cannot simply ignore our present obesity epidemic . We know that fruits and vegetables are rich in vitamin. Though we are overweight, many of us choose junk food over healthy food out of habits. One explanation for our strong desire for junk food is that we learn to connect junk food with positive feelings when we are young, and changing this attitude requires a huge amount of confidence and determination. Fortunately, new research published in May 2012 has shown a simple and _ way to make healthier food choices- the one that doesn't rely on great determination.\nThe research was based on two separate studies and it was carried out by T. Bettina Cornwell of the University of Oregon and Anna R. McAlister of Michigan State University. In the first study, 60 adults between the ages of 19 and 23 were questioned about the role of food and drinks. The survey tells us that adults prefer sweetened drinks with high-calorie, salty foods, to sweetened drinks with vegetables.\nIn the second study, 75 children between the ages of 3 and 5 were gathered for some experiments including drinks served with vegetables. The preschooler experiments were carried out under different situations and on different days. The researchers found that the children chose to take more green vegetables when they were served with water instead of a sweetened drink.\nAccording to Cornwell, children learn to connect high calorie, sugary drinks such as cola, with high fat foods such as French fries, from a very early age. McAlister adds that early taste development appears to play an important role in food choices later in life. Meals served at home and meals offered at restaurants, set the stage for this idea and for the preference to choose junk food over healthy food, when beginning to take sweetened drinks.\n\"Our taste preferences are heavily influenced by regularly eating particular food and drinking particular drink,\" states Cornwell. \"If the drink on the table goes against both adults and children eating their vegetables, then perhaps it is time to change that drink... and to serve water with all meals. Restaurants could easily use water as free drink for children's meals and charge extra money for other drinks.\" Both McAlister and Cornwell are confident that serving water with meals could effectively reduce the nation's obesity rates, diabetes rates and ever rising healthcare costs.", "id": "high3006.txt"}