{"answers": ["C", "D", "C"], "options": [["dare to challenge yourself", "feel it hard to change yourself", "are unconfident about yourself", "have a high opinion of yourself"], ["To keep a different image of others.", "To accept your weaknesses.", "To understand your own world.", "To change the way you think."], ["How to prepare for your success.", "How to face challenges in your life.", "How to build a positive self-image.", "How to develop your good qualities."]], "questions": ["You need to build a positive self-image when you  _  .", "How should you change your self-image according to the passage?", "What is the passage mainly about?"], "article": "Sometimes you'll hear people say that you can't love others until you love yourself. Sometimes you'll hear people say that you can't expect someone else to love you until you love yourself. Either way, you've got to love yourself first and this can be tricky. Sure we all know that we're the apple of our parent's eyes, and that our Grandmas think we're great talents and our Uncle Roberts think that we will go to the Olympics. But sometimes it's a lot harder to think such nice thoughts about ourselves. If you find that believing in yourself is a challenge. It is time you built a positive self-image and learn to love yourself.\nSelf-image is your own mind's picture of yourself. This image includes the way you look, the way you act, the way you talk and the way you think. Interestingly, our self-images are often quite different from the images others hold about us. Unfortunately, most of these images are more negative than they should be. Thus changing the way you think about yourself is the key to changing your self-image and your whole world.\nThe best way to defeat a passive self-image is to step back and decide to stress your successes. That is, make a list of you need to, but write down all of the great things you do every day. Don't allow doubts to occur in it.\nIt very well might be that you are experiencing a negative self-image because you can't move past one flaw or weakness that you see about yourself. Well, roll up your sleeves and make a change of it as your primary task. If you think you're silly because you aren't good at math, find a tutor. If you think you're weak because you can't run a mile, get to the track and practice. If you think you're dull because you think it doesn't mean it's true.\nThe best way to get rid of a negative self-image is to realize that your image is far from objective, and to actively convince yourself of your positive qualities. Changing the way you think and working on those you need to improve will go a long way towards promoting a positive self-image. When you can pat yourself on the back, you'll know you're well on your way. Good luck!", "id": "high301.txt"}