{"answers": ["D", "A", "C", "B"], "options": [["to be more open with their customers", "to have a better idea of their own culture", "to express their thoughts indirectly", "to communicate without outside help"], ["attitudes", "values", "manners", "customs"], ["Misconceptions in Business", "Basic Beliefs in Business", "International Business Culture", "Successful International Business"], ["how to take a right attitude in business", "how to avoid misunderstandings in business", "how to use a local language in business", "how to act politely and properly in business"]], "questions": ["A. knowledge of the local language allows international business people   _  .", "The act of many people buying chocolate of Switzerland shows the role of   _  .", "What would be the best title for the text?", "The author's purpose of writing this article is to tell people   _"], "article": "Successful people in international business understand the cultures of other countries and learn to change their practices in different cultures. They understand the importance of avoiding business decisions based on misconceptions--mistaken ideas.\nOne cause of misconceptions is ethnocentrism, the belief that one's own culture's way of doing things is better than the way of other cultures. It's ethnocentrism that leads to failure in international business. To avoid ethnocentrism, it's necessary to study the different elements of culture: language, values and attitudes, and customs and manners.\nLanguage\nA. knowledge of the local language can help international business people in four ways. First, people can communicate directly. Second, people are usually more open in their communication with someone who speaks their language. Third, an understanding of the language allows people to infer meanings that are not said directly. Finally, knowing the language helps people to understand the culture better.\nValues are people's basic beliefs about the difference between right and wrong, good and bad . An attitude is a way of thinking or acting. Values and attitudes influence international business. For example, many people in the United States believe that chocolate from Switzerland is better than chocolate from other countries, and they buy a lot of it.\nCustoms and manners\nCustoms are common social practices. Manners are ways of acting that the society believes are polite. For example, in the United States,  it is the custom to have salad before the main course at dinner, not after. It's not acceptable to talk with food in mouth at table. Failure to understand the customs and manners of other countries will bring difficulty selling their products. Orange juice as a breakfast drink of an American company in France doesn't sell well because the French don't usually drink juice with breakfast.", "id": "high3014.txt"}