{"answers": ["A", "D", "C"], "options": [["close our eyes", "kick a ball", "hug our friends", "lift a suitcase"], ["both can move voluntarily", "both are thick muscles", "both are bigger than smooth muscles", "both have stripes called striations"], ["Heart muscles are very important because they give us strength and allow us to move.", "The heart of human beings completely consists of heart muscle.", "The skeletal muscles are connected to the bones by tendons.", "Smooth muscle does its work without receiving message from the brain."]], "questions": ["When we   _  , the job is done by smooth muscles.", "Skeletal muscles and heart muscles are alike because  _  .", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?"], "article": "The human body has hundreds of muscles. The three types are skeletal  muscles, smooth muscles and cardiac, or heart muscles. Each kind of muscle has a special job to do.\nThe skeletal muscles are attached to the bones; they actually hold the skeleton together. Strong cords, called tendons , help connect these muscles to the bones. Skeletal muscles give us strength and allow us to move in many ways. If you look at skeletal muscles through a microscope, you will see that it has bands of fibers that look like stripes . These stripes are called striations. Skeletal muscles usually move because the brain has sent a conscious message to them telling them what to do. This is called voluntary movement.\nAnother type of muscle is smooth muscle. Unlike skeletal muscle, smooth muscle does not have striations. This is found in organs such as the stomach, the bladder , the lungs and the eyes. Smooth muscles are smaller than the skeletal muscles and they move involuntarily. The brain tells these muscles what to do, but we aren't even aware of it. For example, we don't have to think about breathing or digesting food. The smooth muscles just do their jobs automatically. For this reason smooth muscles are sometimes called involuntary muscles.\nLike smooth muscle, cardiac muscle also works involuntarily. It is a very thick muscle that is found only in the walls of the heart. Its job is to pump blood out of the heart and into blood vessels called arteries . The arteries help carry the blood to all parts of the body. When the cardiac muscles relax, they let blood back into the heart. Cardiac muscles have striations, just like skeletal muscles do.", "id": "high3027.txt"}