{"answers": ["C", "B", "A", "D"], "options": [["Wales", "England", "Scotland", "Chester"], ["Wales and England", "Wales and Scotland", "England and Wales", "Pembrokeshire and Torquay"], ["Windsor castle is in the center of England.", "London is the capital city.", "You can enjoy good weather in Torquay.", "There are more than one castles."], ["A TV program on tourism.", "A newspaper.", "A geography book.", "The Internet."]], "questions": ["The highest mountain in the British Isles is in   _  .", "A mountain-climber will probably visit   _  .", "Which of the following is NOT true about England?", "Where are you likely to get such information?"], "article": "Welcome to this Website on the British Isles. Over the coming months it will be expanded to allow you to find information on all aspects of life in the British Isles. The British Isles is visited by millions of people each year, many returning time and again.\nWales: Wales is full of fascinating places to visit and stay. The castles of Beaumaris, Conwy, Harlech and Caernarfon are officially listed as world heritage sites and provide an insight into the troubled past of this great land. The national park of Snowdonia is stunning and provides walkers and climbers with many opportunities to challenge their limits. South Wales also has interesting places to visit: Pembrokeshire is especially inviting for tourists.\nEngland: We all know about the attractions lf London but England has a lot more to offer outside of the city. The \"English Riviers\", Torquay, is blessed with good weather and is a major tourist attraction. This is a great place to stay and explore the local seaside resorts.\nWindsor castle is a great place to visit and the town and surrounding areas are beautiful. Warwick castle in the centre of England is world famous and holds regular evens   to show how life was like in the time it was built.\nScotland: A great place to visit, Scotland still has many places that are relatively uninhabited  and are great for getting away from it all. Ben Nevis is the highest mountain in the British Isles and the numerous lakes provide great fishing. In parts you can still hear Gaelic spoken and we all know about the Scottish expertise in making Whisky! You can also visit the ski resorts of Aviemore in the Cairngorms. Glasgow, the capital is now recognized as a centre of culture as well as being a great shopping centre.", "id": "high3038.txt"}