{"answers": ["D", "B", "B"], "options": [["it is in modern-day Romania", "Transylvania is a mythical country", "he wanted to tell a true story", "he had read stories about vampires from the area"], ["is very similar to the vampires that Romanians know about", "Is completely different from the vampires Romanians know about", "Has impeccable manners,like a real Romanian vampire", "Is puzzled by the comparison with Romanian vampires"], ["That the book would become a stage-play.", "That Irving would play the central character in the stage play.", "That he could live in London.", "That Irving would work for him."]], "questions": ["Bram Stoker set his novel in Transylvania because  _  .", "The central character of the novel  _  .", "What was Stoker's hope?"], "article": "Published in 1896 and one of the most memorable horror stories ever written, Dracula, by Irish writer Bram Stoker,is the story of a vampire ,someone who lives on human blood. Stoker wrote the book after reading stories about Central European vampires and set his novel in Transylvania. Even today,there are readers of the book who believe that Transylvania is a mythical country,a figment of Stoker's imagination. Nothing could be further from the truth. Transylvania is part of modern-day Central European country Romania,and the country does indeed have a history of mythological vampires.\nHowever,Romanians are always puzzled by the description of the novel's central character, Count Dracula,a tall,elegant aristocrat with impeccable manners who also happens to speak very good English. This is a world away from the images of vampires that they have grown up with. Romanian vampires are half-human creatures who live solitary lives in the forests,not aristocrats living in castles with well-stocked libraries.\nSo where did Stoke get the image for his Dracula? The answer becomes clearer when one learns of his relationship with a man called Henry Irving,the greatest British stage actor of his time.\nStoker was working as a civil servant in his home city of Dublin when he first met Irving. Bored with his tedious life and work, Stoker took every opportunity to visit the theatre and for a while was the drama critic for the Dublin Evening Mail. One of the reviews he wrote was of a performance of Shakespeare's play Hamlet,with Irving in the lead role.\nIrving was so pleased with Stoker's review of his performance that he asked to meet him. Stoker couldn't believe his luck when one night,he was invited to a dinner party where Irving was the guest of honour. Irving entertained the assembled dinner guests with some renditions of famous poems and speeches from Shakespeare.\nStoker was already writing the first chapters of Dracula and began to base the central character on Irving,in the vain hope that if it ever became a stage play, Irving would play the central character. Sadly,Irving never did,but the two men became close friends,and in 1878 Stoker left the civil service and became Irving's manager in London.", "id": "high3041.txt"}