{"answers": ["D", "C", "D", "C"], "options": [["Tools, a bone pin, a bow and a cushion stone", "A copper knife and two gold earrings.", "Two pots, arrows and materials to make arrows.", "some chicken and grains."], ["A poor man", "a kind-hearted man", "a rich man", "an ordinary man"], ["He was buried three miles from Stonehenge.", "He had the oldest gold ever found in Britain.", "He might be a member of a powerful class who might have organized the construction of Stonehenge.", "All of the above."], ["how Stonehenge was built", "the King of Stonehenge was from France", "Stonehenge was built through several ages", "Stonehenge was built because of war"]], "questions": ["Which are not included in the things that are found in the grave of a man?", "The man buried in the grave might be   _   at that time.", "Why is the man buried in the grave called the \"king of Stonehenge\" ?", "We can infer that   _   ."], "article": "A grave of a man dating back to around 2300 BC was found by archaeologists in England On May 3, 2002. Buried with him were the tools of a hunter or warrior. There was a bone pin that may have been from a piece of clothing such as a leather coat. He carried a copper knife on his breast. The most amazing find was two gold earrings. That would have made him a man of distinction. Only a few centimeters from his head were two pots made of clay, tools and materials to make arrows, a bow and a dozen arrows for hunting and a second, smaller copper knife. Next to them lay a cushion stone, upon which the man could work metal.\nHis grave is the richest of any found from that period, because this man was buried with two gold earrings which are the oldest gold ever found in Britain (dated to 2470 BC). Besides, he was buried three miles from Stonehenge. Archaeologists tend to believe he was a member of a powerful class who might have organized the construction of Stonehenge.\nStonehenge was begun around 3000 BC. In about 2300 BC the huge stone circles were built. The biggest stone weighed approximately 20 tons. But the smaller blue stones, still weighing 4 tons on average, came from west Wales. It is not yet known how these were conveyed over a distance of 380 km. It is also a mystery how early man was able to construct Stonehenge without the use of modern construction machines and lorries.\nHe is an example of people who brought culture and new techniques from the European mainland to Britain. In terms of technical development people were going from the Stone Age to the Bronze Age and then to the Iron Age.", "id": "high3052.txt"}