{"answers": ["C", "A", "D", "A"], "options": [["grow as the educated", "be responsible for their future", "develop their own interests", "discover subjects outside class"], ["there are too few rules", "they hate activities", "open education is similar to the traditional education", "they worry about the rules"], ["Some traditional teachers do not like it.", "Many teachers do not believe in open education.", "Teachers may have problems in open classrooms.", "The teacher's feelings and attitudes are important to the students."], ["Open education is a really complex idea.", "Open education is better than traditional education.", "Teachers dislike open education.", "The writer thinks that open education is a good idea in practice."]], "questions": ["Open education allows the students to   _  .", "Some students will do little in an open classroom because  _  .", "Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage?", "Which of the following best summarizes the passage?"], "article": "There are some very good things about open education. This way of teaching allows the students to grow as people, and to develop their own interests in many subjects. Open education allows students to be responsible for their own education, as they are responsible for what they do in life.\nSome students do badly in a traditional classroom. The open classroom may allow them to enjoy learning. Some students will be happier in an open education school. They will not have to worry about grades or rules. For students who worry about these things a lot, it is a good idea to be in an open classroom. But many students will not do well in an open classroom. For some students, there are too few rules. These students will do little in school. They will not make good use of open education. Because open education is so different from traditional education, these students may have a problem getting used to making so many choices. For many students it is important to have some rules in the classroom. They worry about the rules even when there are no rules. Even a few rules will help this kind of students. The last point about open education is that some traditional teachers do not like it. Many teachers do not believe in open education. Teachers who want to have an open classroom may have many problems at their schools. You now know what open education is.\nSome of its good points and bad points have been explained. You may have your own opinion about open education. The writer thinks that open education is a good idea, but only in theory. In actual fact, it may not work very well in a real class or school. The writer believes that most students, but of course not all students, want some structure in their classes. They want and need to have rules. In some cases, they must be made to study some subjects. Many students are pleased to find subjects they have to study interesting. They would not study some subjects if they did not have to.", "id": "high3082.txt"}