{"answers": ["B", "C", "A"], "options": [["They have the power to kill devils.", "They have power if magician recites the right spells.", "They have no effect at all.", "They can be used whenever they want."], ["Because it is often a ring which is worth a lot of money.", "Because it is carved with magic symbols.", "Because people think spirits live in it.", "Because it can help them with many things."], ["How Magicians make Magic Work", "The Power of Magic", "How to Practice Magic", "The Choice of Magicians"]], "questions": ["What do magic words mean to people in some society?", "Why do many people believe in a fetish?", "What's the best title of the passage?"], "article": "The practice of magic includes special words, actions, and objects. Most magic involves a person called a magician, who claims to have supernatural powers. Magic words.\nTo work most magic, the magician sings or speaks special words in a certain order. These words are called incantations or spells. Some spells form prayers to demons , spirits, or other supernatural forces. Many societies believe the magic will not work unless the magician recites the spells perfectly. Other magic words have no meaning, though they supposedly possess power when spoken by a magician. Magic actions accompany the words spoken in performing much magic. Many of these movements act out the desired effect of the magic. For example, a magician trying to make rain fall may sprinkle  water on the ground. The magician's combined words and actions form a ceremony. Magic objects include certain plants, stones, and other things with supposed supernatural powers. Any such object may be called a fetish . But this term often refers to an object--for example, a carving or a dried snake--honored by a tribe for its magic powers. Many tribes believe fetishes have magic power because spirits live in these objects. Many people carry magic objects called amulets to protect themselves from harm. Many amulets are stones or rings engraved  with magic symbols.\nThe magician, in some societies, nearly everyone knows how to work some magic. In other societies, only experts practice magic. Magicians may be called medicine men, medicine women, shamans, sorcerers, or witch doctors. In many societies, magicians must inherit  their powers. In others, any person may become a magician by studying the magical arts.\nMany societies believe magicians must observe certain rules and taboos (forbidden actions) for their spells to work. For example, they may be required not to eat various foods or to avoid sexual activity for a certain period before the ceremony.", "id": "high3084.txt"}