{"answers": ["C", "B", "C", "D"], "options": [["comments on a book about a girl who has no father", "comments on Martha's opinion about parents' love", "four people's thoughts after reading Martha's article", "letters to Martha to comfort her"], ["Martha's father didn't love her", "Martha didn't grow up with her dad", "Martha was brought up by her grandparents", "Martha's parents got divorced when she was 13"], ["Not ask other kids where their dads are", "Be kind to those kids who don't have a dad", "Tell their fathers how much they love them", "Spend as much time with their fathers as possible"], ["decided to spend more time with her father", "told herself to appreciate all that she had", "realized how badly she behaved in the past", "found how lucky she was to have a dad"]], "questions": ["The above four passages are most probably  _  .", "What does the passage suggest?", "What does Kasey Kaczmarek suggest kids do?", "After reading what Martha wrote, Emma Ramirez  _  ."], "article": "Kasey Kaczmarek: When I read \"Would my dad love me?\" by Martha, I related to how Martha felt about her father. I always wondered if my dad cared about me, or if he even loved me. All the kids would be with their dads and they would ask me where my dad was, and I would tell them that he was out of town. For all you kids who have a dad, tell him how much you love him because there are plenty of kids who would love to have a dad.\nArmen Abidian: This article describes everything about me and my life. When I was about 3 years old, my mother and father had a big argument and got divorced. Now I'm 13 years old and I haven't seen my father for 10 years. Just like Martha, I don't know what he looks like now, whether or not he's got married to a different woman, or if he has another child.\nEmma Ramirez: When Martha talked about how \"most girls have dads who take them to their practices, buy them things and play with them\", I thought I was one of those girls. I never stopped to think about how there are girls who have always dreamed of having those things but don't have a father. After reading what Martha wrote, I told myself I would always appreciate the days I spend with my dad because I am very lucky to have a dad who does so much for me.\nStephanie Felix: This article reminded me of how much I missed my dad when I was younger. I really relate to this article because I used to always wonder about my dad, but not any more. Life without my father has made me more independent and responsible. By reading this article I remember all of this and I was able to understand what the writer was talking about.", "id": "high3085.txt"}