{"answers": ["D", "A", "C", "D"], "options": [["they have to find the owners", "they have to keep the bags as long as possible", "some bags are expensive", "they are likely to make a profit on the bags on purpose"], ["visitors may purchase something undervalued.", "all \nthethingsthereareverycheap.", "there's a large variety of goods.", "visitors will enjoy some amusing activities there."], ["A little museum will keep all the precious unclaimed baggage.", "The things in the Unclaimed Baggage Center are articles for daily use.", "The percentage of passengers who lose their baggage for ever is small.", "People are not allowed to buy the illegal things in the store."], ["To introduce an attractive place to tourists.", "To remind passengers of taking care of their baggage.", "To advise the airlines to find the owners of the unclaimed baggage.", "To introduce how the unclaimed baggage in the airports is handled in America."]], "questions": ["The reason why the airlines cannot sell the bags is that   _  .", "The Unclaimed Baggage Center is very popular because  _  .", "What can we infer from the passage?", "What is the main purpose of the passage?"], "article": "Millions of Americans return from long-distance trips by air, but their luggage doesn't always come home with them. Airline identification tags  can come loose, and the bags go who-knows-where. And passengers leave all kinds of things on planes.\nThe airlines collect the items and, for 90 days, attempt to find their owners. They don't keep them, since they're not in the warehouse business. And by law, they cannot sell the bags, because the airlines might be tempted to deliberately misplace luggage.\nSo once insurance companies have paid for lost bags and their contents, and they no longer belong to passengers, a unique store in the little town of Scottsboro, Alabama, buys them. The \"Unclaimed Baggage Center,\" is so popular that the building, which is set up like a department store, is the number-one tourist attraction in all of Alabama. More than one million visitors stop in each year and take one of the store's shopping carts on a hunt for treasures.\nEach day, clerks bring out 7,000 new items, and veteran shoppers rush to paw over them. You can find everything from precious jewels to hockey sticks, best-selling novels, leather jackets, tape recorders, surfboards, even half -used tubes of toothpaste.\nThe store's own laundry washes or cleans all the clothes found in luggage, then sells them. The Unclaimed Baggage Center has found guns, illegal drugs and even a live rattlesnake.\nThe store has a little museum where some of its most unusual acquisitions  have been preserved. They include highland bagpipes, a burial mask from an Egyptian pharaoh's tomb, and a medieval suit of armor.\nStatistics indicate that less than one-half of one percent of luggage checked on U.S. carriers is permanently lost and available to the store.", "id": "high3090.txt"}