{"answers": ["A", "D", "B"], "options": [["Some information was overlooked.", "Some information needed to be united.", "Some had grammatical mistakes.", "Industry terminology didn't meet the standard."], ["he was hired by the company", "he was promoted", "he was recommended at a managers' meeting", "his department supervisor agreed his idea"], ["Where there is will, there is a way.", "Creating a position, and earning a promotion.", "Don't let the chance go, when it comes.", "Ways to get a promotion."]], "questions": ["Which of the following problems with the letters is NOT mentioned in the passage?", "The author started to review the letters when  _  .", "Which of the following is the best title for the passage?"], "article": "When you're an employee of a company, no matter the size, it's common to see co-workers promoted, or transferred to a different department. But there is another way to move around--by creating a new position for yourself. I did this several years ago, though I wasn't actively looking for a different job.\nIn 2007, I was hired at the Transamerica Life Insurance Company, as a customer service representative in the distributions services department. I processed requests for distributions from our annuity policy holders around the country. Someone might have forgotten to sign a form, for example, or might have omitted security information. To solve the problem, I'd mail the person a letter.\nThe company had been through several combinations, so in our department alone we had a collection of about 140 templates  for letters related to distributions. The longer I worked with the letters, the more I saw how they could be improved. Some had overlapping information and could be combined. Some had incorrect grammar or needed updating. I also noticed that industry terminology  wasn't standard across all the versions.\nWhen I told my department supervisor about this in 2008, she agreed that the letters needed _ . She said I should stop what I'd been doing and start the new work. In a relatively short time, I was able to make numerous improvements and reduce the number of letters to 70. It was an informal job change until a managers' meeting several months later.\nAt that meeting, a vice president who was unaware of my new work mentioned that the division's entire stock of 1,700 letters should be reviewed. My manager told her that she knew the perfect person for the job--me. The position was still considered temporary when I took on the extra tasks, but I was able to show that the work had value, and I was officially promoted and given a raise in November 2009.", "id": "high3091.txt"}