{"answers": ["B", "A", "C"], "options": [["floppy discs", "a computer and a printer", "pictures and drawings on paper", "a computer connected to the museum by telephone line"], ["Paintings drawn by means of computer.", "Different styles of paintings.", "Drawings done by art students of FIU.", "Old paintings."], ["Robert Shostak wanted to do something for computer scientists", "Robert Shostak wanted to help computer artists", "art students needed a place to show their works", "computer scientists wanted to do something about art"]], "questions": ["To see the art in FIU museum, your special needs include   _  .", "What are stored in this museum?", "The museum was started when   _  ."], "article": "There are many famous museums throughout the world where people can enjoy art, Washington, D.C. has the National Gallery of Art ; Paris has the Louvre; London, the British Museum. Florida International University(FIU) in Miami also shows art for people to see. And it does so without a building, or even a wall for its drawings and paintings.\nFIU has opened what it says is the first computer art museum in the United States. You don't have to visit the University to see the art. You just need a computer linked to a telephone.\nYou can call the telephone number of a University computer and connect your own computer to it. All of the art is stored in the school computer. It is computer art, produced electronically   by artists on their own computers. In only a few minutes, your computer can receive and copy all the pictures and drawings., \nRobert Shostak is director of the new computer museum. He says he started the museum because computer artists had no place to show their works.\nA computer artist could only record his pictures electronically and send the records, or floppy discs , to others to see on their computers. He could also put his pictures on paper. But to print good pictures on paper, the computer artist needed an expensive laser  printer.\nRobert Shostak says the electronic museum is mostly for art or computer students at schools and universities. Many of the pictures in the museum are made by students. Mr Shostak said the FIU museum will make computer art more fun for computer artists because more people can see it. He says artists enjoy their work much more if they have an audience. And the great number of home computers in America could mean a huge audience for the electronic museum.", "id": "high3100.txt"}