{"answers": ["C", "B", "A"], "options": [["More and more children go and visit Hogwarts on their own.", "Pillow fights in boarding schools make firm friendships in reality.", "More children want to go to boarding schools because of \nHarry Potter novels.", "There aren't special schools for the particularly talented children."], ["sports academies", "Wilderness schools", "Conventional schools", "Stage schools"], ["Neutral", "Negative", "Positive", "Critical"]], "questions": ["What do we know from the passage?", "What kind of schools may be the most suitable for the so-called troubled-teens?", "What is the author's opinion of boarding schools?"], "article": "With the popularity ofHarry Potter novels, the number of children applying to boarding schools has risen, many of them hoping to find their own version of Hogwarts. However, others have interpreted this trend as a reaction to longer working hours and the break up of more marriages. The boarding schools of fiction are presented as one long midnight feast with pillow fights making firm friendships. However, some people say the reality is children having more homesickness and a lack of individual attention. Modern boarding schools have done much to get rid of the image of the mass dormitories with 40 or more beds in one room, some going as far as providing private rooms with bathrooms. Similarly, they make great announcements for their academic advantage, particularly in light of the increase in exams, homework and university entrance requirements facing children wishing to succeed in the modern world.\nAlongside these more conventional schools, two types of boarding schools have also become more popular recently. Sports academies and stage schools seek to cater for children with particular interests and talents, while so-called troubled-teens have been able to turn to a range of religious or wilderness schools to solve their problematic behavior.\nBoarding schools allow children a safe space in which to accomplish greater control and independence over their daily lives. Teachers and staff can look after and support but they are unlikely to be over-protective. This can be a great preparation for university or for working away from home in later life as it provides an intermediate step between childhood and full independence.\nHowever, parents are a child's most natural support and best role models to learn from. If they are separated from them for long periods of time, this may damage their relationship and leave the child feeling anxious or alone. Schools are unlikely to be able to copy the detailed knowledge of each individual child that a parent has and therefore cannot be as effective in supporting the child.\nTo sum up, boarding schools have both their advantages and disadvantages, so it is up to you to decide whether to send your children to boarding schools or not.", "id": "high3107.txt"}