{"answers": ["B", "C", "D", "D"], "options": [["Measures of Reducing Dangerous Waste", "Danger of Harmful Waste to Mankind", "Dangerous Waste and Water Pollution", "Environmental Protection"], ["do not produce harmful waste in their daily life", "do not know where to place the dangerous waste", "are not clear about how serious the dangerouswaste problem is", "are not sure about where harmful waste ends"], ["How to get government support.", "How to increase their production.", "How to store harmful waste.", "How to cut down the related costs."], ["The polluting industries are not allowed to sell their products.", "Present technologies have settled the harmful waste problem.", "Everyone should obey the government rules for the problem.", "To solve the problem requires the efforts of the whole society."]], "questions": ["What would be the best title for the text?", "According to the text, people   _   .", "What troubles industries most in dealing with the dangerous waste problem?", "What can be inferred from the passage?"], "article": "Besides giving off gases and dusts into the air, humans produce waste that is poured on the environment. Often, this waste produced by major industries and people is harmful to both nature and human life.\nOne of the main causes of the large amount of dangerous waste is that people do not realize how large a problem it is. Because it can be simply removed and sent to a landfill ,the problem is often believed to end there. In addition, industries have often shown an unwillingness to find ways to deal with dangerous waste because of the related expenses. Many industries and governments build simple landfills to store waste, and often just pour waste chemicals into nearby bodies of water. Often, chemicals used for industrial production cause dangerous forms of waste.The amount of these chemicals has increased greatly in the past, but it is often difficult and expensive to get rid of these chemicals or to store them in a way safe to human life and the environment.\nEvery year, major health problems result from dangerous waste. Sadly, it is often only after someone has died or become seriously ill that governments will take measures to reduce levels of harmful waste.\nSome governments have realized how serious the dangerous waste problem is and are now trying to settle this problem. They are also trying to limit the amount of waste industries are allowed to produce.\nNot only governments but ordinary people as well must work together to solve the problem. They can choose not to buy those products which require the production of dangerous waste, and produce less harmful waste themselves. Many scientists think that waste production can be cut. The waste can be reduced by at least one third using existing technologies and methods.", "id": "high3112.txt"}