{"answers": ["D", "C"], "options": [["How many people died of H7N9 bird flu", "How the development of the H7N9 bird flu vaccine   is going on", "What measures the government has taken to stop the spreading of H7N9", "The new outbreak of the H7N9 bird flu"], ["H7N9 bird flu has killed four people in Shanghai and one in Zhejiang.", "H7N9 virus is not one that spreads from human to human", "So far, China has confirmed 14 deaths from the H7N9 bird flu", "The government agreed to cooperate with WHO in regards to the H7N9"]], "questions": ["What does the news report mainly about?", "Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the news report?"], "article": "Authorities in Shanghai said Thursday night that another person has died from H7N9 bird flu, bringing the death toll to five around the country. The city has reported six infections   to date, and four have died, said the Shanghai Municipal Health and Family Planning Commission. Of the rest two, there was a four-year-old, the agency said. The baby was recovering from mild illness, it added. The person died at Huashan Hospital on Wednesday and was _ infected with the H7N9 bird flu on Thursday.\nAlso on Thursday, the commission reported the city's third death from the H7N9 bird flu. The case involved a 48-year-old man surnamed Chu, a poultry   transporter from Rugao in neighboring Jiangsu Province. He developed symptoms  of cough on March 28. After having a fever on Monday, he went to a private clinic for treatment. The man then sought help in the Tongji Hospital in Shanghai in the early hours of Wednesday after his condition worsened. Chu died three hours after being admitted to the hospital. He was confirmed infected with the H7N9 virus on Thursday. Eight people who had close contact with him have shown no abnormal symptoms.\nSo far, China has confirmed 14 H7N9 cases -- six in Shanghai, four in Jiangsu, three in Zhejiang and one in Anhui, in the first known human infections of the lesser-known type of bird flu. Of all, four died in Shanghai and one died in Zhejiang. China's Ministry of Agriculture said Thursday the H7N9 avian flu virus has been detected from pigeon   samples collected at a marketplace in Songjiang District of Shanghai.\nAfter gene sequence analysis, the national avian flu reference laboratory concluded that the H7N9 virus found on pigeons was highly congenetic with those found on persons infected with H7N9 virus. China's health authorities have promised transparency  and cooperation   to the World Health Organization in regards to human infections of the new type of bird flu. The Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention said Wednesday that no human-to-human transmission of H7N9 has been discovered.", "id": "high3115.txt"}