{"answers": ["D", "B", "A", "C"], "options": [["People kill sharks for food.", "People kill sharks for sport.", "People kill sharks out of fear.", "People kill sharks because they often attack swimmers."], ["There are many different species of sharks, but only a few of them are dangerous to humans.", "Sharks never get ill.", "Sharks are a valuable resource for human.", "Sharks play an important role in the ocean ecosystem."], ["movies have given people the wrong impression of sharks", "most sharks are dangerous to humans", "sharks will attack anyone who is wearing black", "it is dangerous to swim in the ocean"], ["Are Sharks Dangerous?", "Sharks And Humans", "Sharks: Humans' Friends", "Sharks Help Save Human Lives"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is NOT a reason why people kill sharks?", "According to the passage, which of the following statements is NOT true?", "It can be inferred from the passage that   _  .", "The best title for the passage would be   _  ."], "article": "Sharks have lived in the oceans for over 450 million years, long before dinosaurs appeared. There are now about 360 species of sharks, whose size, behavior, and other characteristics differ widely.\nEvery year, we catch and kill over 100 million sharks, mostly for food and for their fins. Dried shark fins are used to make shark fin soup, which sells for as much as $50 a bowl in fine Hong Kong restaurants. Other sharks are killed for sport and out of fear. Sharks are vulnerable  to overfishing because it takes most species 10 to 15 years to begin reproducing and they produce only a few offspring .\nInfluenced by movies and popular novels, most people see sharks as people-eating monsters. This is far from the truth. Every year, a few types of shark injure about 100 people worldwide and kill about 25. Most attacks are by great white sharks, which often feed on sea lions and other marine  mammals. They sometimes mistake human swimmers for their normal prey, especially if they are wearing black wet suits.\nIf you are a typical ocean-goer, your chances of being killed by an unprovoked attack by a shark are about 1 in 100 million. You are more likely to be killed by a pig than a shark and thousands of times more likely to get killed when you drive a car.\nSharks help save human lives. In addition to providing people with food, they are helping us learn how to fight cancer, bacteria, and viruses. Sharks are very healthy and have aging processes similar to ours. Their highly effective immune system allows wounds to heal quickly without becoming infected, and their blood is being studied in connection with AIDS research.\nSharks are among the few animals in the world that almost never get cancer and eye cataracts . Understanding why can help us improve human health. Chemicals taken from shark cartilage have killed cancerous tumors in laboratory animals, research that someday could help _ your life.\nSharks are needed in the world's ocean ecosystems. Although they don't need us, we need them. We are much more dangerous to sharks than they are to us. For every shark that bites a person, we kill one million sharks.", "id": "high3119.txt"}