{"answers": ["C", "A", "D"], "options": [["parents not understanding their children", "the rising levels of stress and anxiety among young people", "the inability of dealing with relationships", "increasing conflict between children and teachers"], ["are least likely to become good leaders", "can deal with oneself and others effectively", "are beneficial to society", "are more likely to be respected"], ["one can be just as successful without having a high EQ", "only people with both high EQ and high IQ will be successful in life", "people with low intelligence will not get a successful life", "people not having high EQ may not be successful in life despite being extremely intelligent"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, children in Hong Kong commit suicide at an alarming rate as a result of   _  .", "We can infer from the passage that people with low emotional quotient   _  .", "Daniel Goleman believes that   _  ."], "article": "A recent survey shows that the alarming rate of child suicide  in Hong Kong, raising levels of stress and anxiety among young people, increasing conflicts between children and teachers, and children's complaints that their parents do not understand their problems--all point to a drop in \"emotional quotient\" (EQ)  , the ability to handle relationships.\nEQ is defined as the ability to deal with oneself and others effectively. High EQ, psychologists say, is easy to spot. Some of the greatest humanitarian   leaders have high EQ, along with successful managers and inspirational and respected teachers. The problem is not how to spot high EQ but to improve on low EQ, so society as a whole can benefit.\nIn the United States, declining EQ among young people is seen as one of the factors behind rising young people's crime because youths fail to understand others' feelings--one of the key components of EQ. While the situation in Hong Kong is not so bad, there are warning signs that the levels of anxiety among youth may become critical. Declining EQ among Hong Kong teenagers has been acknowledged by several studies including a key study by the education concern group, the Learning-Teacher Association, which found a high degree of anxiety among students over the future and also that young people lacked confidence in dealing with problems. Parents and teachers will also need to develop their own EQ skills in order to deal with them effectively.\nDaniel Goleman cites a number of basic elements of high EQ: first, awareness of your feelings as you experience them which is very important to making good decisions in life; second, feeling or awareness of what others are feeling. \"90% of emotional information is expressed non-verbally and people vary in their ability to pick it up,\" Dr. Goleman says in his book.\nDr. Goleman argues that without high EQ even highly-educated, highly-intelligent people will not find success in life. Or those with low EQ, even though they may be brilliant, tend to lack feeling and impulse control. They fail easily, and they are easily intolerant and often aggressive in interpersonal relations. Some educational psychologists believe work on EQ may be important in Hong Kong with _ high rate of suicide among school children. EQ test may be able to help predict those most at risk, and those least able to deal with their own emotions or unable to deal with others, including parents and teachers.", "id": "high3122.txt"}