{"answers": ["D", "A", "D"], "options": [["they need to share the bill equally", "it is a traditional custom in Japan", "dishes in restaurants are delicious", "their homes can't hold many people"], ["A hot towel is not offered in most ordinary restaurants in Japan.", "You are asked to wipe your hands after a meal in a Japanese restaurant.", "The Japanese always wait until the noodles become cool.", "It is impolite to lift your bowl to your mouth in Japan."], ["Treating guests in Japan.", "Table manners in Japan.", "Eating tools in Japan.", "Eating customs in Japan."]], "questions": ["Japanese people often treat their guests in restaurants because  _  .", "Which of the following can we learn from the text?", "Which would be the best title for the text?"], "article": "In Japan, people will often go out to restaurants to treat guests. The reason for this is that Japanese homes are small. If you go out to eat with your workmates, it is a custom to share the bill equally, no matter how much you eat or drink yourself.\nJapanese people use chopsticks to eat. But if you eat out, you can ask for a fork or a knife. These words have been adopted  from the English language into Japanese. So if you say \"fork\" or \"knife\" to a waiter, he will probably understand you. If you eat in an expensive restaurant, waiters will usually place a hot towel on your table at the end of your meal. You can wipe your face and hands with this towel.\nIn Japan, you can see some people slurp   their noodles. It is considered rude in Western restaurants, but is acceptable in Japan. Western people usually blow on hot noodles first and then eat them, while Japanese do the cooling down gesture   when they actually eat. Many feel noodles do not taste good if they are cooled with the air. It is also normal to lift the noodle or soup bowl to mouth so that food doesn't spill.\nEating with chopsticks requires proper manners. Never leave your chopsticks standing upright, especially not on rice. It is a symbol of death, and people will find this impolite if you are not at a funeral  . Never wave your chopsticks around, nor use them to move dishes around. If you are eating from a common bowl, use the back end of the chopsticks that you have not put in your mouth to dish the food out.", "id": "high3129.txt"}