{"answers": ["A", "D"], "options": [["both schools and families should answer for the high dropout rate", "many new jobs don't need children's high school diploma", "working in a store doesn't require a high school diploma", "most schools are ready to help students recognize the importance of study"], ["tell us that many jobs required certain education in the past", "show that employment in the computer field grows at a high rate", "show that there are more factory work and employment in modern society", "emphasize that modern jobs require education and schools are necessary"]], "questions": ["It can be inferred that  _  .", "The author takes factory work for example mainly to  _  ."], "article": "The new studies show that fewer than half of the 9th graders in many of the nation's largest cities, can ever graduate. _ And, in particular, the dropout rate isn't dropping for poor and minority students.\nAmazingly, though so many regret the rising dropout rate, our schools continue to lack formal plans--or any plans--to teach students motivation. Most schools have no game plan to ensure that students understand that schooling will be completely necessary. Schools expect youth and children to act as though schooling is important, but they never teach them to believe that.\nYears ago, families ensured that the children recognized the value of schooling. But in many modern families, the children may fail to recognize the importance of school life just because these families may actually tell their children that school is not important. Since many families are not motivating their children to be interested students, youth professionals, like teachers may need to provide this training.\nHere are some strategies to convince even the most apathetic   students that they must stay in school.\nAsk students if they will ever need to work: The world has changed. 100 years ago, factory work was the booming job, and it required no education. Today, factories are increasingly automated. Most computer-related jobs require education and at least a high school diploma.\nAsk students which century they will be prepared for: In 1900, the most common jobs were farm laborer and domestic servant--education not needed. Now, the most common jobs are office and sales staff--education and diploma usually needed. An amazing 6 out of 10 people today work in a store or office.\nAsk students to devise a way that the employee could be replaced. For example, the coming trend in fast food is to use computers rather than people to run the restaurant. A prototype is apparently already being tested. The students should discover that most jobs that lack education and diploma requirements may be ripe for automation.", "id": "high3135.txt"}