{"answers": ["C", "C", "C", "D"], "options": [["about 7 % of the population will do both online and actual shopping", "about 31% of shoppers will do half of their shopping in actual shops", "about 39% of shoppers will do more than half of their shopping in actual shops", "over three million shoppers will quit actual shopping just because of the long queues"], ["Something that makes people lose heart", "Something that makes people lose face", "Something that makes people lose interest", "Something that makes people lose courage"], ["retailers should reduce their in-store goods.", "retailers wiR be pessimistic about the result of this research.", "retailers should focus on the advantage of in-store shopping.", "retailers will make more profits this Christmas than last Christmas"], ["Concerned.", "Doubtful.", "Approving.", "Objective."]], "questions": ["According to the poll, in this year's Christmas  _", "What's the meaning of \"turn-off\" in Para.5?", "It can be inferred from Mr. Boxall's words that  _", "Wheat's the writer's attitude towards Christmas online shopping?"], "article": "Over three million people will do their Christmas shopping entirely online this year without once visiting an actual shop, a poll   has found. Overcrowding and long queues in shops are forcing people away from the high street as the hassle   of Christmas shopping becomes too much.\nThe number of people turning their backs on the high street is almost one million higher than it was last year, according to the poll by YouGov. Last Christmas 2.4 million shoppers did not do any of their shopping in actual shops. The figure this year is predicted to be around 3.4 million, equal to around 7 percent of the adult population.\nOver a third of people said that the main turn-off about shopping on the high street is 0ver-crow-ding. Meanwhile almost a quarter said that long queues at the cheek-out are the worst thing about it.\nOf the 2.065 people pored, even those who are stir taking to the shops plan to spend less time in them this Christmas. Around 31 percent of shoppers who plan to spend at least some time on the high street will spend less than half of their shopping time in actual shops, using the rest of the time to shop remotely via the internet. This compares to 28 percent of people last year. Meanwhile the proportion of people spending over half of their shopping time in high street shops has dropped from 41 percent last year to 39 percent this year. Just 2 percent of people said that they are looking forward to dealing wi.th store staff this festival season.\nGuy Boxall, senior product marketing manager at Casio Business Solutions Division, which commissioned the research from YouGov, said that despite the fall in people visiting the high street,humans are \"social creatures\" who actually like spending time together.\n\"Although the high street is facing a big challenge Christmas, retailers   should see this research as a challenge to improve the in-store shopping experience, rather than the nail in the coffin. We are social creatures, and the desire to spend time with each other, particularly at Christmas, is never going to go away,\" said Mr. Boxall.", "id": "high3137.txt"}