{"answers": ["B", "A", "D", "C"], "options": [["1781", "1786", "1787", "1791"], ["songs", "poems", "stories", "humors"], ["His satirical style.", "His descriptiveness.", "His fine sense of humor.", "His use of Scottish dialect."], ["majored in agriculture when he was a student", "earned a lot of money by publishing his poems", "was a failure in managing farms but a success in art", "showed much interest in collecting tax before he died"]], "questions": ["Robert was not officially accepted by readers until  _  .", "Robert made his best achievement in art by writing   _  .", "What was Robert's biggest contribution to English poetry?", "We can conclude from the passage that Robert   _  ."], "article": "Robert Burns, the son of a hard-working and intelligent farmer, was the oldest of seven children. Although always hard pressed financially, their father encouraged his sons with their education. As a result, Burns not only read the Scottish poetry of Ramsay and the collections by Hailes and Herd, but also the works of Pope, Locke, and Shakespeare.\nBy 1781, Burns had tried his hand at several agricultural jobs without success. Although he had begun writing, and his poems were spread widely in manuscript  , none were published until 1786, when Burns published Chiefly in the Scottish Dialect (1786), which was an immediate success. Later Burns brought out a second edition of his poems at Edinburgh in 1787, and for two winters he was socially active in the Scottish city. In 1788 he retired to a farm at Ellis land. By 1791 Burns had failed as a farmer, and he moved to Dumfries, where he held a position as a tax collector. He died of illness at 37.\nBurns's art is at its best in songs such as My Heart's in the Highlands. Some of his songs, such as Auld Lang Syne and Comin' thro' the Rye, are among the most familiar and best-loved songs in the English language. But his talent was not limited to songs; two descriptive pieces, Tam o' Shanter and The Jolly Beggars, are among his masterpieces.\nBurns had a fine sense of humor, which was reflected in his satirical  , descriptive, and playful poems. His great popularity with the Scots lay in his ability to describe the life of his fellow rural Scots. His use of dialect brought an energetic, much-needed freshness into English poetry.", "id": "high3153.txt"}