{"answers": ["A", "D", "C"], "options": [["People can borrow the whole money for a new house from a bank.", "People care for mortgages, interest rates and the prices &house.", "The sellers are more interested in the first-time buyers.", "After getting the keys, the owners sometimes have a party."], ["Owners.", "Surveyors.", "Lawyers.", "Collectors."], ["give some advice on the house", "introduces a book on travelers", "give some tips to buyers", "introduces a guide to visitors"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, these statements are correct EXCEPT   _  .", "Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage?", "The passage is maybe one that   _  ."], "article": "People in the UK often talk about their homes: their mortgages  , the interest rates, and rising prices. Here's a guide to some of the words and phrases you might come across.\nIt's a good idea in the UK to arrange a mortgage with a bank before you start looking. This is when the bank tells you how much money they will lend you so you have a good idea of how much you can afford.\nThe next step is to go to an estate agent and see what sort of properties they have available in your budget range and in your area. If you see something you like, the estate agent will arrange for you to view the property, so that you can see the house or flat for yourself.\nIf you see something that takes your eye, you put in an offer. The vendor   can accept or decline this offer, and if the vendor accepts it, you can move forward with the sale. However, as you don't pay any money at this point, the offer isn't legally binding  , and in theory, you can pull out of the offer at any time that you like.\nYour next step will probably be to get a structural survey done. A qualified surveyor will inspect the house and write a report that illustrates any structural problems, like damp or drainage problems.\nIf you still want to go ahead with the sale, you need to appoint a lawyer to do the legal paperwork.. If you already own a house, you might also be busy trying to sell it. Many house owners prefer to sell to first-time buyers (those people who don't already own a home), as they are not in a chain (waiting for other people to buy the house before they can buy their next house).\nFinally, once the contracts are signed and exchanged, you complete on your house. You get the keys and you can move in whenever you want. Then you might want to throw a house-warming party. Congratulations!", "id": "high3165.txt"}