{"answers": ["D", "C", "A", "A"], "options": [["personal taste", "our aesthetics", "cultural effects", "psychological effects"], ["Because it is often nothing more than a reflection of our cultural belongingness.", "Because the colors have the properties for generations.", "Because it is difficult to separate the psychological from the cultural.", "Because the symbolic aspects influence our perception of colors."], ["preferred by bridals", "used in a funerals sometimes", "depressing in decoration", "pure in its nature"], ["Different cultures can have the same properties of colors.", "If you feel emotions for a color, note them and remember them.", "All humans perceive colors' natural properties in the same way.", "Marco Polo disclosed the psychological effects of colors."]], "questions": ["Most of the time, we ignore   _   when choosing colors for decoration.", "Why is it not possible for us to hold a really objective discourse on the subject?", "In western countries, white is   _  .", "According to the author, which of the following statements is certain?"], "article": "Most of the time, we choose colors for decorating based on our personal taste and our sense of aesthetics  . But, a number of color experts believe that colors have an effect on our emotions and that it would be wise of us to be conscious of that before settling on a definite choice.\nSome of the effects of colors are well known and accepted by most people. In fact, those effects have been the subject of serious research and experiments and have been scientifically proven. But not all scientists agree on the validity   of the results.\nWhen we become interested in the psychological effects of colors, it is important to know that not all societies share our opinion of those effects on our emotions. What we hold as an \"objective\" observation on a color is often nothing more than a reflection of our cultural belongingness, which has attributed properties to that color for generations.\nWhy is it not possible for us to hold a really objective discourse on the subject? In part, because it is very difficult to separate the psychological from the symbolic, the symbolic aspects are definitely cultural. Often, and this without our realizing it, they influence our understanding of colors and the following emotions - both psychological aspects. Black and white are good examples. In western countries, black is considered serious, dramatic and sometimes sad. People are warned against its potentially depressing effects on decoration. Black is the traditional color of mourning. White, on the other hand, is associated with purity, peace and optimism. For those reasons, white is the traditional color of bridal dresses. No one would think of attending a funeral in white. Any more than it would occur to a bride to wear black. We simply remain convinced that it is not in the \"nature\" of those colors. Yet, in certain oriental countries, it is white, not black that is the color of mourning.\nThat having been said, there is some \"overlapping\" in the properties different cultures attribute to certain colors. For example, Feng Shui, the traditional Chinese philosophy that distinguishes between good and evil influences explains colors much in the same way as the majority of western color specialists. Is that to say that colors have real natural properties which all humans perceive  in the same way or is the phenomenon an example of the cross-influences that affect the thinking of cultures brought closer to one another by a certain Venetian  called Marco Polo? It is difficult to say.\nBut, be that as it may, colors do affect us. And if you feel emotions for a certain color, note them and remember them. You may even wish to consider them next time you are planning to decorate. The decision is yours!", "id": "high3170.txt"}