{"answers": ["C", "D", "A", "B", "C"], "options": [["The dispute is between a Xinjiang Uygur vendor and a policeman.", "Nut cake is a popular pastry across East Asia and the Middle East.", "The prices of Baklava will change according to the time and season.", "The demand of the 16 Uygur sellers were refused and they were sent back to Xinjiang."], ["160,000 yuan", "200,000 yuan", "40,000yuan", "We don't know"], ["World's most expensive baklava.", "Ethnic tensions across China.", "Pay attention to the Uygurs", "Misunderstanding caused by a fight"], ["Yueyang police are afraid of the Xinjiang Uygur vendor", "It's not the only ethnic tension across China,", "Many Uygurs living in major Chinese cities are viewed by locals as thieves, crooks and even terrorists.", "Villager Ling got into a fight with a Uygur due to a misunderstanding."], ["Microblogging.", "Textbook.", "Newspaper.", "Article."]], "questions": ["Which of the following is true?", "How much did the broken motorcycle cost?", "What's the best title of the passage?", "What can we infer from the passage?", "Where is this passage probably from?"], "article": "All it took was a slice of Xinjiang cake to spark heated debates online over China's policy on ethnic minorities .\nSince Monday, qiegao (cut cake) has been a trending topic on Sina Weibo, China's main Twitter-like microblogging service.\nThe cake was a reference to Xinjiang's famed nut cake, sometimes known by its old Turkic name baklava, a popular pastry across Central Asia and the Middle East. In Xinjiang, they are sold by Uygur vendors on tricycles who are known to charge dubious prices depending on the time and season.\nThe ethnic flare-up started after the Yueyang police from Hunan province posted a message on their official Weibo account. It reported a dispute in Pingjiang county over an overpriced piece of nut cake between a Xinjiang Uygur vendor and a villager named \"Ling\".\nVillager Ling got into a fight with a Uygur due to a misunderstanding. The verbal dispute eventually escalated into a fight and then a mass fight. As a result, two people were injured and Xinjiang nut cakes worth about 160,000 yuan (US$25,000) were destroyed. The total damage was worth 200,000 yuan which included a broken motorcycle and injuries to people. Local police have detained  Ling. The 16 Uygur sellers were dully compensated and sent back to Xinjiang.\n\"Yueyang police incident\" quickly became one of the most popular topics on Weibo. Yueyang police removed the post shortly after. As of Tuesday night, the topic was still amassing more than 66,000 hits.\nThe incident is just one of many similar cases of ethnic tensions across China, notably in Xinjiang province, where deeply entrenched social and racial frictions between the dominant ethnic Han Chinese and minority Uygur Muslims occasionally spark violence. Many Uygurs living in major Chinese cities are viewed by locals as thieves, crooks and even terrorists.", "id": "high3171.txt"}