{"answers": ["C", "B", "B", "D"], "options": [["To inform the writer of something important.", "To share his happiness with the writer.", "To congratulate the writer on his success.", "To give him some good ideas on making a successful speech.."], ["She would be a governor.", "She would be the vice president-elect of the United States.", "She would be the nation's next first lady.", "She would be the campaign manager of Sen. McCain's."], ["5", "6", "7", "8"], ["He is a failure rather than a success.", "He still doesn't know who this victory truly belongs to.", "He thinks highly of his supporters.", "He considers his success as people's victory."]], "questions": ["Why did Sen. McCain make a phone call to the writer?", "If Sen. McCain won the election, What would Palin do?", "How many people did the writer thank in his speech?", "What did the writer imply by saying \"I will never forget who this victory truly belongs to?\""], "article": "Change Has Come to America\nNovember, 04, 2008, Barack Obama\nHello, Chicago.\nIf there is anyone out there who still doubts that America is a place where all things are possible, who still wonders if the dream of our founders is alive in our time, who still questions the power of our democracy, tonight is your answer.\nIt's the answer told by lines that stretched around schools and churches in numbers this nation has never seen.\nA little bit earlier this evening, I received an extraordinarily gracious call from Sen. McCain. Sen. McCain fought long and hard in this campaign. And he's fought even longer and harder for the country that he loves. He has endured sacrifices for America that most of us cannot begin to imagine. We are better off for the service rendered by this brave and selfless leader.\nI congratulate him; I congratulate Gov. Palin for all that they've achieved. And I look forward to working with them to renew this nation's promise in the months ahead.\nI want to thank my partner in this journey, a man who campaigned from his heart, and spoke for the men and women he grew up with on the streets of Scranton and rode with on the train home to Delaware, the vice president-elect of the United States, Joe Biden.\nAnd I would not be standing here tonight without the unyielding support of my best friend for the last 16 years the rock of our family, the love of my life, the nation's next first lady Michelle Obama.\nSasha and Malia I love you both more than you can imagine. And you have earned the new puppy that's coming with us to the new White House.\nTo my sister Maya, my sister Alma, all my other brothers and sisters, thank you so much for all the support that you've given me. I am grateful to them.\nAnd to my campaign manager, David Plouffe, the unsung hero of this campaign, who built the best -- the best political campaign, I think, in the history of the United States of America.\nTo my chief strategist David Axelrod who's been a partner with me every step of the way.\nTo the best campaign team ever assembled in the history of politics you made this happen, and I am forever grateful for what you've sacrificed to get it done.\nBut above all, I will never forget who this victory truly belongs to. It belongs to you. It belongs to you.", "id": "high3177.txt"}