{"answers": ["C", "D", "A", "D"], "options": [["Working parttime in a college.", "Helping children with their schoolwork.", "Looking after children at a kindergarten.", "Taking care of children for a family."], ["was paid for extra work", "got much help from her boss", "took a day off every other week", "often worked long hours"], ["She decided to attend a parttime course.", "She found a fulltime job.", "She was fed up with children.", "She needed a rest after working extra hours."], ["Qualifications are necessary for a career.", "Hard work makes an excellent student.", "One must choose the job she likes.", "Less successful students can still have a career."]], "questions": ["What is the author's present job?", "When staying with the two girls' family, the author  _  .", "Why did the author leave her first job?", "What has the author learned from her own experiences?"], "article": "Chances\nI really love my job because I enjoy working with small children and like the challenges and awards from the job. I also think my work is important. There was a time when I thought I would never have that sort of career .\nI wasn't an excellent student because I didn't do much schoolwork. In my final term I started thinking what I might do and found I didn't have much to offer. I just accepted that I wasn't the type to have a career.\nI then found myself a job, looking after two little girls. It wasn't too bad at first. But the problems began when I agreed to live in, so that I would be there if my boss had to go out for business in the evening. We agreed that if I had to work extra hours one week, she'd give me time off the next. But unfortunately, it didn't often work out. I was getting extremely tired and fed up, because I had too many late nights and early morning with the children.\nOne Sunday, I was in the park with the children, and met Megan who used to go to school with me. I told her about my situation. She suggested that I should do a course and get a qualification if I wanted to work with children. I didn't think I would be accepted because I didn't take many exams in school. She persuaded me to phone the local college and they were really helpful. My experience counted for a lot and I got on a parttime course. I had to leave my job with the family, and got work helping out at a kindergarten.\nNow I've got a fulltime job there. I shall always be thankful to Megan. I wish I had known earlier that you could have a career, even if you aren't top of the class at school.", "id": "high3188.txt"}