{"answers": ["D", "D", "A", "C", "B"], "options": [["on the same date every year", "on Sunday on March 22", "on Sunday on April 25", "on a Sunday between March 22 and April 25"], ["go shopping, hide colored eggs and children hunt for them", "give Easter baskets filled candy and goodies to one another", "buy new clothes, hide colored eggs and children look for them around the house", "both B and C"], ["going to church to celebrate Jesus' resurrection", "buying new clothes", "eating delicious food and paint color eggs", "exchange beautiful gifts each other"], ["In both American and Belgium, children hunt for Easter eggs hidden in rooms and in bushes", "In Belgium, the hidden eggs are thought to have fallen from doorbells", "In American, children believe the eggs are hidden by the Easter bunny", "In America, the hidden eggs are supposed to have fallen from doorbells"], ["blesses", "Easter eggs", "candy and goodies", "Easter bunny"]], "questions": ["Easter comes   _  .", "To celebrate Easter, people   _  .", "For Christians the more important thing to do on Easter is  _  .", "People from different cultures have different ideas about Easter egg   _  .", "In some places of Austria, children sing from door to door for  _  ."], "article": "The most important holiday in spring, especially for Christians, is Easter. This Christian holiday is not on the same date every year,but it's always on a Sunday. It can be any Sunday between March 22 and April 25. Many people celebrate Easter by buying new clothes. Children celebrate by hunting for colored eggs that their parents have hidden around the house. People also give Easter baskets filled with candy and other goodies to one another to celebrate the day.\nBut the holiday is more than new clothes and good things to eat. On Easter, many people go to church to celebrate Jesus' resurrection from the dead. Most people color Easter eggs. Some people hide them. Others just eat them. But no matter what one does with Easter eggs,they are an important Easter tradition throughout the Western world. People from many different cultures celebrate Easter. In both America and Belgium, children look for Easter eggs hidden on lawns and in bushes. In America, children believe the eggs are hidden by the Easter bunny  .But in Belgium, the hidden eggs are supposed to have fallen from church bells. In Bulgaria  , red Easter eggs are lucky in churches. Bulgarian families also hit these Easter eggs together to see whose is the strongest. The winner looks forward to good fortune that year. Still dozens of other Easter traditions exist. In parts of Austria,for example,children sing from door to door and are rewarded with colorful eggs.", "id": "high3193.txt"}