{"answers": ["B", "D"], "options": [["Because he wanted to live in a larger and more prosperous city.", "Because his father brought him there.", "Because he wanted to wrote his novels there.", "Because he wanted to become a long-term resident of Hannibal."], ["As soon as he arrived in Hannibal.", "At the time when his family moved into their old home.", "After his father died.", "At the time when his family moved into their new home."]], "questions": ["Why did little Mark Twain move and live in Hannibal?", "When did Mark Twain become healthy?"], "article": "When he wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer and The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, Mark Twain turned to Hannibal. The relationship between Hannibal and Twain began in November 1839, when Twain's father decided to leave the village in Florida and move east about 35 miles to the somewhat larger and more prosperous Hannibal, on the banks of the Mississippi River. Twain marked his fourth birthday about a week after the family settled there. He showed little promise of becoming a long-term resident. However, because his health was so poor that his parents probably feared he would not survive childhood.\nDuring the family's first few years in Hannibal, Twain was too young to understand fully the changes going on around him. About the time the family moved into their new home. Twain's health improved a lot. Instead of having to lead a quiet indoor life, he could roam the streets of Hannibal. Climb the surrounding hills, explore the area's caves and splash about in local swimming holes. He reveled in his newfound freedom, spending nearly all his free time playing outdoors with the other boys in town and soon becoming a leader.\nTwain's carefree days did not last long, on March 24, 1847, his father died. For the next six years, his brother Henry, and his sister Pamela lived with their mother in the family home. Twain began taking odd jobs after school to bring in extra money. Within a year of his father's death, he quit school and became an apprentice   printer, and when his brother Orion bought the Hannibal Journal in 1851, Twain went to work for him as a printer and editorial assistant. The stories he wrote for Orion's paper, his first publications, taught him that he much preferred writing to typesetting. Thus, when he decided to leave Hannibal in May 1853, he already had an idea of his future career.", "id": "high3194.txt"}