{"answers": ["A", "A", "C", "C"], "options": [["the second Sunday in May and the third Sunday in June", "the second Sunday in June and the third Sunday in May", "the third Sunday in May and the second Sunday in June", "the third Sunday in June and the second Sunday in May"], ["Woodrow Wilsson and Margaret Chase Smith", "Margaret Chase Smith and Woodrow Wilsson", "Ann Jarvis and Mrs Dodd", "Mrs Dodd and Ann Jarvis"], ["People wear red or white carnations on these two days.", "People have outdoor barbecues and have fun.", "With people making their own presents, stores do less business during these holidays.", "To honor parents, people attend religious services or get together at home."], ["To introduce American culture.", "To persuade us to respect and love our parents.", "To introduce two traditional festivals.", "To tell us something in history."]], "questions": ["When are Mother's Day and Father's Day?", "Who started Mother's Day and Father's Day?", "People celebrate these two special days in many ways except  _  .", "What's the purpose of writing this passage?"], "article": "People in the United States honor their parents with two special days: Mother's Day,on the second Sunday in May, and Father's Day, on the third Sunday in June.\nMother's Day was proclaimed a day for national observance by President Woodrow Wilson in 1915. Ann Jarvis from Graffon, West Virginia, had started the idea to have a day to honor mothers. She was the one who chose the second Sunday in May and also began the custom of wearing a carnation.\nIn 1909, Mrs Dodd from Spokane, Washington, thought of the idea of a day to honor fathers. She wanted to honor her own father, William Smart. After her mother died, he had the responsibility of raising a family of five sons and a daughter. In 1910, the first Father's Day was _ in Spokane. Senator Margaret Chase Smith helped establish Father's Day as a national commenortative day , in 1972. \nThese days are set aside to show love and respect for parents. They raise their children and educate them to be responsible citizens. They give love and care.\nThese two special days are celebrated in many different ways. On Mother's Day people wear carnations. A red one symbolizes a living mother. A white one shows that the mother is dead. Many people attend religious services to honor parents. It is also a day when people whose parents are dead visit the cemetery. On these days families get togher at home as well as in restaurants. They often have outdoor barbecues for Father's Day. These are days of fun and good feelings and memories.\nAnother tradition is to give cards and gifts. Children make them in school. Many people make their own presents. These are valued more than the ones bought in stores. It is not the value of the gift that is important, but it is \" the thought that counts\". Greeting card stores, florists, candy makers, bakeries, telephone companies, and other stores do a lot of  business during these holidays.", "id": "high320.txt"}