{"answers": ["C", "A", "D"], "options": [["The stories of three famous basketball superstars.", "A famous basketball team named the Boston Celtics.", "The importance of teamwork among teammates.", "Matches between the Boston Celtics and other teams."], ["He became an even better shooter with others' help.", "He focused much more attention on defense.", "He created more chances for teammates.", "He stood and cheered for his teammates"], ["The whole team has become devoted to each and every stage of the game.", "The cooperation and teamwork among the teammates in the match.", "The influence of Garnett, Allen, Pierce and other teammates' cheering.", "The increasing frequency of team players on the bench"]], "questions": ["What does the passage mainly talk about?", "Which of the following is NOT true about Pierce's recent performance?", "Which of the following didn't contribute to the success of the Boston Celtics?"], "article": "When an NBA player is young he thinks he can win the championship by himself. It is only later when he has aged and been through many battles that he learns an important lesson: there is no \"I \" in \"team\".\nThere is no better example of the value of teamwork than the Boston Celtics. Paul Pierce, Ray Allen and Kevin Garnett were all superstars on three different teams. Yet, none of them had any titles to show for it. Then, last season, they decided to sacrifice money and individual statistics to play together. Garnett and Allen joined Pierce on the Celtics and changed the NBA in the process.\nIt started in simple ways. Garnett and Allen are two of the most intense athletes in the world. They treat every second of every practice like it is the NBA championship. If you want to play alongside them then you will have to do the same. So, the young guys on the Celtics started giving their full effort too.\nPierce had been the star of the Celtics for many years. He used to shoot the ball many times a game. But with the addition of Allen and Garnett he shot less and focused on defense. His selflessness showed the young players that doing what made the team better was the only thing that mattered.\nWhen the Celtics were winning and the game was almost over, Garnett, Pierce and Allen would come out of the game. But they wouldn't just sit on the bench. Instead, they stood and cheered and screamed for their teammates. They wanted to support their friends and teammates.\nNow, the guys who don't play know they can still affect the game by cheering so they scream and cheer when Garnett, Allen and Pierce are playing. The Celtics have developed a strong relationship. They are more than just teammates. They are brothers.\nThe result: the Boston Celtics won the championship and are considered the favorites to win the Eastern Conference championship again this year.\nThere is a saying that goes, \"A successful team beats with one heart.\" If that is the case, the Celtics may have the biggest heart in the NBA.", "id": "high3206.txt"}