{"answers": ["C", "A", "A", "C", "D"], "options": [["kids turn a deaf ear to their parents' requests", "parents' directions sound like a broken record", "children are ready to follow their parents' directions", "parents are unaware of what they are repeating to their kids"], ["avoid direct ways of punishment", "make him do things at their request", "argue and fight with their child", "allow their child to behave in his own way"], ["should provide him with a good learning environment", "can do whatever they like", "can stay aside watching TV", "must switch off the power"], ["parents should take off his headphones when trying to have a talk with their child", "it will make no difference that a kid is wearing his earplugs while talking to his parents", "parents shouldn't give in to their kid when he shows no sign of respect", "kids' purposely talking to their parents with iPod gives them a sense of power and control"], ["that respecting each other is more important than anything else", "how kids behave to ignore and disrespect their parents", "that children should make choices and decisions on their own", "how parents can deal with their kid's behavior without losing their control"]], "questions": ["According to the passage,it seldom happens that  _  .", "Parents will be able to deal with their child more effectively if they   _  .", "When the kid is doing his homework,parents  _  .", "It can be inferred from the passage that  _  .", "The main idea of the passage is  _  ."], "article": "Kids will often ignore your requests for them to shut off the TV, start their chores  , or do their homework as a way to avoid following your directions. Before you know it, you've started to sound like a broken record as you repeatedly ask them to do their assignments, clean their room, or take out the trash. Rather than saying, \"Do your chores now\", you'll be more effective if you set a target time for when the chores have to be completed. So instead of arguing about starting chores,just say, \"If chores are't done by 4 p.m, here are the consequences.\"  Then it's up to your child to complete the chores. Put the ball back in their court. Don't argue or fight with them,just say, \"That's the way it's going to be.\" It shouldn't be punitive   as much as it should be persuasive. \"If your chores aren't done by 4 p.m, then no video game time until chores are done. And if finishing those chores runs into homework time, that's going to be your loss.\" On the other hand, when dealing with homework, keep it very simple. Have a time when homework starts, and at that time, all electronics go off and do not go back on until you see that their homework is done. If your child says they have no homework, then they should use that time to study or read. Either way, there should be a time set aside when the electronics are off.\nWhen a kid wears his iPod or headphones when you're trying to talk to him, make no bones about it; he is not ignoring you, he is disrespecting you. At that point, everything else should stop until he takes the earplugs out of his ears. Don't try to communicate with him when he's wearing headphones--even if he tells you he can hear you. Wearing them while you're talking to him is a sign of disrespect. Parents should be very tough about this kind of thing. Remember, mutual  respect becomes more important as children mature .", "id": "high3208.txt"}