{"answers": ["B", "C", "A"], "options": [["In Canada", "Near the Canadian border", "In the central US", "In Parc Safari"], ["offered by people living there", "we bought for them", "we prepared for ourselves", "cooked by my sister"], ["To revisit the place he went to at seven.", "To take his 7-year-old son to a zoo.", "To have a family trip in his own country.", "To have a holiday abroad with his parents."]], "questions": ["Where did the author live when he was 7 years old?", "We fed the animals something   _  .", "What does the author intend to do?"], "article": "The first visit to a foreign country that I can remember was when I was about seven years old. We live about 5 miles away from the Canadian border . My family and I went to Parc Safari, Quebec, a wonderful place that has animals and rides. We drove down a nice long road. My sister and I sat in the back of the car, and it was a hatchback  so we opened it up. I remember feeding the animals snacks we had bought for ourselves.\nThe time we went we were told there would not be monkeys because they had escaped and had not been found. I remember thinking to myself, how cool it would be to see a monkey in our backyard.\nEven though the monkeys were not there it was still so much fun. When we reached the area that had camels, giraffes and other animals, I remember one of the camels reached into the car to get our snacks. However, we were a little _ because the camels seemed to froth  at the mouth and we had camel slobber  all over the car and us.\nIt was one of the best family vacations that I can remember. It was not too far from home, it was in a different country and it was with my family. I cannot remember if we went on the rides or not but seeing many animals was a great time. Now I am grown up and have a son, and I am planning to go there again. He is 7 years old and I think he is at a great age to enjoy a trip like this. I am sure it has changed a lot over the years but it will still be a great family trip.", "id": "high3217.txt"}