{"answers": ["C", "A", "D"], "options": [["11 years", "9 years", "8 years", "7 years"], ["Favorable", "Critical", "Doubtful", "Not mentioned"], ["Canadian culture", "The life in Canada", "Benefits of studying abroad", "Study in Canada -- a unique experience"]], "questions": ["How long will you spend at least in total if you want to finish your Bachelor's, Master's and Doctoral degrees in Canada?", "What's the author's attitude towards studying in Canada?", "What's the best title for the passage?"], "article": "There is no doubt that to study abroad gives you an excellent opportunity to learn things which are very helpful in your career building. Today Canada has earned a good name in providing quality education and safe healthy environment for its students. That is why more than 130,000 international students enroll  every year in famous Canadian universities. It is an ideal education destination and gives students a unique experience of education and its versatile  arts and culture. Canada spends a lot on education and is ranked the highest in G-8 countries.\nTo study in Canada is very cost effective. These universities are affordable compared to other universities in the world such as in the US, New Zealand and UK where cost of education and living is very high. According to a survey in 2006, \"Canada offered the lowest tuition fees  for foreign students compared to UK and Australia.\"\nThe low rate of crimes and the peaceful safe environment of the country also attracts a lot of international students to Canadian universities. Canada has 92 universities and 175 community colleges and university degrees have three levels--Bachelor's , Master's  and Doctoral .\nA Bachelor's degree in Canada is for three or four years' full-time study depending on the nature of the program you are doing. On the other hand, a Master's degree consists of two years of study. For a Doctoral program in Canadian universities, you require a minimum (/) of three to four or sometimes five years of research and study.\nYou can also find many diploma and certification   program in Canadian universities where the time is generally one year. Some of the Canadian universities are well-regarded worldwide and the degree and diploma obtained from these Canadian universities are recognized globally and promise bright future. After the completion of studies, a person could also find great job offers in Canada itself. International students require a work permit to work on campus.", "id": "high3229.txt"}