{"answers": ["B", "C", "D"], "options": [["learning about it from books", "going to a marine association", "attending marine biologists' meetings", "taking part-time jobs at marine associations"], ["Young children can enjoy indirectly what it is like to be a marine biologist at a marine association.", "To help your pupils to take care of the ocean, the best area to take them to is a marine association.", "Children can learn the topics more successfully when they experience them directly.", "A marine association has the same program for children of different ages."], ["a teacher's presentation", "a marine biologist's report", "a student's field trip journal", "an introduction to a marine association"]], "questions": ["According to the text, pupils can have a better understanding of the ocean biome by   _  .", "Which of the following is TURE?", "The text is most probably taken from   _  ."], "article": "These days, young children can enjoy directly what it is like to be a marine biologist   at a marine association. What they discover can lead them to appreciate and protect the ocean and also the animals living in it.\nAt the present time, learning isn't only limited to the classroom. It's quite common for kids to learn from outdoor experiences. Teachers commonly take their pupils on field trips to museums as well as other interesting areas. If you wish to help pupils to take care of the ocean, one of the best areas to take them to is a marine association, the place where the ocean biome   is shown.\nTaking your pupils to a marine association is a prefect way to help them learn. Education professionals agree that there are topics that children can learn more successfully whenever they experience them directly.\nSeveral organizations that focused on protecting the ocean now operate on the coast of different areas in America and all around the world. It's quite common for marine associations nowadays to open their doors several times a week to kids, parents, and ocean lovers to learn more about the ocean biome.\nA marine association has different programs for children of different ages. You'll find programs that are developed specially for pupils. Pupils are involved in interactive   learning. This learning experience allows young children to recognize the value of the role each species performs in their environment. They not only get to research creatures from the ocean, but they also get to see, touch, and smell most of these animals and plants. This type of _ offers students an idea about the life of a marine scientist. It could help them choose a career afterwards.\nThese programs are generally held on Saturdays and Sundays in order that kids and parents can have more hours in which to have fun. Teachers who want to arrange these activities for their students can call a local marine association near them.", "id": "high3231.txt"}