{"answers": ["C", "D", "A", "B", "B"], "options": [["caring", "moving", "encouraging", "interesting"], ["Doctors", "Nurses", "Friends", "Mom"], ["His terrible experience in the hotel", "His previous business success of various levels", "His mom's support", "His wife's suggestion"], ["Modest,helpful and hard--working", "loving, supportive and strong--willed", "careful, helpful and beautiful", "strict, sensitive and supportive."], ["Self-cofidence, hard work, higher education and a poor family", "Mom's encouragement, clear goals. Self--confidence and hard work", "Clear goals,mom's encouragemen, a poor family and higher education.", "Mom's encouragement, a poor family, higher education and opportunities"]], "questions": ["What Kemmons'mom often told him during his childhood was  _", "According to the author, who played the most role in making him walk back to school again?", "What caused Kemmons to start a motel by himself?", "Which of the following best describles Kemmons's mother?", "Which of the following led to Kemmons' success according to the passage?"], "article": "Some people bring out the best in you in a way that you might never have fully realized on your own. My mom was one of those people.\nMy father died when I was nine months old, making my mom a single mother at the age of eighteen. While I was growing up, we lived a very hard life.\nWe had little money, but my mom gave me a lot of love. Each night, she sat me on her lap and spoke the words that would change my life, \"Kemmons, you are certain to be a great man and you can do anything in life if you work hard enough to get it.\"\nAt fourteen, I was hit by a car and the doctors said I would never walk again. Every day,my mother spoke to me in her gentle,loving voice, telling me that no matter what those doctors said, I would walk again if I want to badly enough. She drove that message so deep into my heart that I finally believed her.A year I returned to school--walking on my own !\nWhen the Great Depression hit, my mom lost her job. Then I left school to support the both of us. At that moment, I was determined never to be poor again.\nOver the years, I experienced various levels of business success. But the real turning point occurred on a vacation I took with my wife and five kids in1951. I was dissatisfied with the second-class hotels available for families and was angry that they charged an extra $2 for each child. That was too expensive for the average American family. I told my wife that I was going to open a motel for families that would never charge extra for children. There were plenty of doubters at that time.\nNot surprisingly, Mom was one of my strongest supporters. She worked behind the desk and even designed the room style. As in any business,we experienced a lot of challenges. But with my mother's words deeply rooted in my soul, I never doubted we would succeed.Fifteen years later,we had the largest hotel system in the world--Holiday Inn. In 1979 my company had 1759 inns in more than fifty countries with an income of $1billion a year.\nYou may not have started out life in the best situations. But if you can find a task in life worth working for and believe in yourself, nothing can stop you.", "id": "high3235.txt"}