{"answers": ["A", "C", "B", "B", "A"], "options": [["But they don't like to do so", "And they are eager to do so.", "But they wrote a letter to the Department of the Education reporting the thing.", "But they do more exercises instead of reciting the texts."], ["The English teacher tries his best to help them with English", "The English teacher is very kind to them.", "The English teacher asks them to do something useless.", "The English teacher should let them study on their own."], ["The teacher thinks the students are too naughty to learn english well.", "The students think they spend a lot of time in reciting the texts and get nothing.", "The students say that they often forget the words.", "The students take no interest in English."], ["often criticizes them", "patiently explains to them why they should recite the texts", "wants to give up his idea", "is afraid that he is criticized by the headmaster."], ["Reciting the texts can improve the ability of applying English.", "Reciting the texts is the bestway of learning English.", "The students should remember all the texts that the teacher has taught them.", "Reciting the texts can greatly improve the classroom teaching"]], "questions": ["The writer often asks his students to recite the texts,   _  .", "What do the students think about the teacher's advice?  _", "According to the text, which of the following is correct  _  .", "When the students are against his suggestion, the writer  _  .", "Why does the writer suggest that the students recite the text?  _  ."], "article": "In my long years of teaching, I often ask my students to read the texts until they can recite them, and I tell them that recitation is an important part of their homework. However, some of my students are tired of doing so, thinking that it is both hard and useless. They argue that it takes a long time to recite a text from memory and text itself never appears in a test paper.\nIn my opinion, it naturally takes time to recite a text, but it is worth doing so. When you are able to recite a text, you are sure to be familiar with the words and expressions. When you need them in reading or writing or doing exercises, they will come to your mind quickly, and so you will give quick response to all kinds of language situation. How can we say that it is useless?\nBesides, many students complain that they soon forget what they were once able to recite. This is true, but you don't need to worry. While you are reading and forgetting the texts, your language   level is being raised. Sure you don't remember your Chinese texts that you once read in the primary school, but now you are able to read novels and newspaper. So, recitation of the texts will help you improve your language ability.", "id": "high3246.txt"}