{"answers": ["C", "B", "D", "A"], "options": [["They are allowed to get married at 30", "they can't find jobs to support themselves", "they can't afford a house of their own until then", "they enjoy family life with their parents"], ["they have fewer years to have children", "they live much shorter lives than before", "it is more expensive to bring up a child", "people are losing their jobs because of the recent financial crisis"], ["bringing down prices", "raising the salaries of parents", "reducing family income tax", "increasing subsidies for families and nursery schools"], ["with long work hours, it is hard for British parents to balance life and work", "more and more families in Britain are breaking up because they are having fewer children", "among Europeans, British people work hardest and earn the least", "childcare takes up too much energy and time for the British"]], "questions": ["Young British people live in their parents' home until around 30 because  _  .", "The British are now having fewer children than before for all the following reasons EXCEPT that  _  .", "To make it cheaper to have children, the British government is  _  .", "It can be inferred from the text that  _  ."], "article": "The British aren't having as many children as they used to. One reason is that people are having children much older than before, meaning they have fewer years in which they can have them. After years at university, they need a few years of work experience before they can get the job they want. They might then get married, but it's incredibly expensive to buy a house in the UK.\nThe above explains why young British people now don't move out of their parents' home until they are around 30 years old on average. It is not until they are 30 that they can afford their own home. Increasingly, it is not until that age that they can afford to get married and start a new life in a new home. It's only after this age that many young people start thinking about having a child.\nSo a British person manages to get a job, get a home and get married. Why isn't he or she then having at least two children on average? The main reason is that it is quite expensive to bring up a child in the UK. Why is it expensive? Well, these days, both parents need to work just to pay for their home and living expenses. Because both parents are at work, that means they then need to pay someone to look after their child during the day. Paying for this childcare is nearly always expensive.\nThe recent financial crisis is making things even harder for families, since unemployment is rising and even fewer people can afford to have children. With so much pressure on families, is it any surprise that the divorce rate is so high?\nSo what is Britain doing to try and save the British family? The government is trying to make it cheaper to have children. For example, there have been increases in money families can claim from the state each month. Also, there are increasing government _ for nursery schools, so that parents do not need to pay so much for child care.\nThe government is also trying to reduce the number of hours British parents have to work to earn enough money to pay their bills. If parents didn't have to work so many hours, they'd have more time to spend with their children and wouldn't need to spend so much on childcare. On average, a Briton works 49 hours a week, which is the most in Europe. The state is now considering introducing laws to encourage companies to improve their employees' work-life balance. Let's hope they're not too late to save the British family. Otherwise, the British will always be too tired, and won't have enough time and money, to have children.", "id": "high3251.txt"}