{"answers": ["B", "C"], "options": [["come from wealthy families", "leave college before finishing their courses", "are offered credits toward a degree", "are likely to develop their academic interest"], ["They were first adopted in Illinois.", "More benchmarks are required.", "They benefit teachers as well as students.", "They ensure students' success in college."]], "questions": ["According to the passage, in most cases, students taking part in remedial courses   _  .", "Which of the following statements about the Common Core State Standards is TRUE?"], "article": "High school graduation is worth celebrating. It marks a big change in the lives of young adults. However, it ought to mean even more. It ought to mean that the graduate is ready for college or career.\nIn a report issued last year, we found that almost half of recent Illinois high school graduates required remedial courses  upon enrolling  a community college. These courses require time and money to complete, yet offer no credits toward a degree. Too often, students never get through those remedial courses and end up dropping out of college.\nWhy is the remediation rate so high? A large part of the reason is that we have not set high enough standards for what our students need to learn from kindergarten to high school. They simply aren't equipped with the knowledge and skills they need to succeed.\nThe same is true for careers. In Illinois, good jobs continue to go vacant  even while we are trying hard to go through tough economic times. This is due largely to the mismatch between the skills and knowledge we provide our students with and what employers in a modern economy need workers to know.\nThe good news is that in Illinois we have a plan to help get our students ready for life in the real world. We have already taken an important first step by becoming one of the 45 states to adopt the Common Core State Standards and have begun introducing them to classrooms this year. The new standards provide fewer, clearer and higher benchmarks  for academic progress. They focus on deeper knowledge required at each grade level, give teachers the opportunity to explore topics fully and ensure students can apply what they've learned.\nResearch shows that when expectations are raised, students rise to meet them. Adapting to higher standards and raising expectations may prove challenging, but they are the steps we must take so that our students are successful in high school and prepared for college and careers. Readiness is worth a celebration.", "id": "high3278.txt"}