{"answers": ["A", "C", "C"], "options": [["Because he's in need of money.", "Because Captain Nicholls is fond of Joey.", "Because Albert is too young to care for Joey.", "Because he believes Joey will contribute to the country."], ["He's a rich man.", "He's a Frenchman.", "He's a man of his word.", "He doesn't win Joey's trust."], ["Brave.", "Generous.", "Hardworking.", "Humorous."]], "questions": ["Why does Albert's father secretly sell Joey?", "Which of the following is TRUE about Captain Nicholls?", "Which of the following words can be used to describe Emilie's grandfather?"], "article": "War Horseis a historical story by Michael Morpurgo. It is written for kids ages 8 to 12. Now just sit and get through the introduction to the plot.\nIn 1914, a young horse named Joey is sold to a farmer. The farmer' s son, Albert, is thrilled. He cares for Joey. When the family begins to feel the financial impact of war, Albert' s father secretly sells Joey to an army officer named Captain Nicholls. Albert begs the captain to let him join the army. Albert is too young, but Nicholls promises to take good care of Joey for him.\nNicholls treats Joey well. Though Joey still remembers Albert, he grows to like his new master. He develops a friendship with another horse, Topthorn., who belongs to Nicholls' friend, Captain Stewart. The horses and men are shipped overseas for battle. They soon face their own battle in France, and Captain Nicholls is killed.\nA young soldier named Warren becomes Joey's new owner. Joey and Topthorn do well in battle, but the Germans capture Warren and Stewart and their horses. The horses' duty of pulling carts full of wounded German soldiers earns them praise. An old farmer and his granddaughter, Emilie, _ the horses as well. When the German army moves out of the area, Emilie and her grandfather keep the two horses. Joey and Topthorn are content to work the farm until another band of soldiers takes them. They become workhorses under bad conditions. Joey is very upset when Topthorn dies of exhaustion.\nAlone and frightened, Joey wanders into \"no-man's-land\" between the German and English camps. An English soldier takes him back to camp.\nJoey is reunited with Albert. As the war ends, Albert' s officer announces the horses will be sold in France. An old Frenchman buys Joey. The man, Emilie' s grandfather, tells Albert how Emilie lost the will to live after the horses were taken. However, he eventually sells Joey to Albert for one penny, as long as Albert promises to share Emilie' s story so her life will not be in vain. Joey and Albert return home.", "id": "high3284.txt"}