{"answers": ["D", "A", "B", "C"], "options": [["Because there was a small garden.", "Because it's magic.", "Because it's ordinary.", "Because its windows looked golden."], ["Her home was another golden house", "There was no golden house indeed", "She could see the golden house only when she looked up", "The golden house disappeared when the sun shone on it"], ["The mother thought that she needn't keep an eye on her daughter.", "The girl was determined to go to the golden house at the beginning.", "The girl had no idea where she was heading after leaving home.", "The girl didn't love or care for her parents ."], ["girls often have amazing imagination", "not all dreams will come true", "what we dream of may be just around us", "nothing is impossible to a willing heart"]], "questions": ["Why did the girl long for the house on the hill?", "What amazed the girl was that  _", "What can be inferred from the passage?", "The passage is intended to tell us that  _  ."], "article": "A little girl lived in a small, very simple, poor house on a hill and as she grew she would play in the small garden. There, she was able to see over the garden fence and across the valley to a wonderful house high on the hill. This house had golden windows, so golden and shining that the little girl would dream of how magic it would be to grow up and live in a house with golden windows instead of an ordinary house like hers. Although she loved her parents and her family, she yearned to live in such a golden house and dreamed all day about how wonderful and exciting it must feel to live there.\nWhen she got to an age when she gained enough skill and sensibility to go outside her garden fence, she asked her mother if she could go for a bike ride outside the gate and down the lane. After pleading with her, her mother finally allowed her to go, insisting that she should keep close to the house and not wander too far. The day was beautiful and the little girl knew exactly where she was heading! Down the lane and across the valley, she rode her bike until she got to the gate of the golden house across on the other hill.\nAs she dismounted her bike and leaned it against the gate post, she focused on the path that led to the house and then on the house itself. She was so disappointed as she realized all the windows were plain and rather dirty, reflecting nothing other than the sad neglect of the house that was derelict.\nSo sad she didn't go any further and turned, and heart broken as she remounted her bike. As she glanced up she saw a sight to amaze her. There across the way on her side of the valley was a little house and its windows glistened golden as the sun shone on her little home.\nShe realized that she had been living in her golden house and all the love and care she found there was what made her home the 'golden house'. Everything she dreamed was right there in front ofher nose!", "id": "high3297.txt"}