{"answers": ["A"], "options": [["Because he still influences America as a role model.", "Because he set a good example to the present politicians.", "Because of his great personalities.", "Because he went through diverse difficulties."]], "questions": ["Why does the writer consider Lincoln as one of the greatest presidents in America?"], "article": "Abraham Lincoln was born into poverty 200 years ago. At any other time and place, this lowly origin would have dictated his future, but in Lincoln's case, his self-determination and force of will made it possible for him to secure his seat in his country's history. He has become a role model in the self-made America.\nIf you want to learn about somebody who didn't quit, look no further. Abraham Lincoln had two business ventures failed, and the second one made him bankrupt, so he had to spend the next 17 years of his life paying for the debt. He also lost 8 different elections. It seemed that he had never done things right at the first time: the first time he ran for state legislature for Congress, for land officer, for Senate, all of these failed, and the first time he sought the vice-presidential nomination, he got less than 100 votes nationally. But he never found it too shameful to carry on his mission. Then later in 1860, on such a rough road, he made it to the White House. He lived up to his famous saying, \"Always bear in mind that your own determination to success is more important than any other.\"\nHe could have quit many times----but he didn't and because he didn't quit,he became one of the greatest presidents in the history of America. One important way Lincoln influences present society is that we look back on his lifeas a role model for future generations. Lincoln's high character influences us because we compare present-day politicians to the example Lincoln set. A major influence Lincoln has on the united States today is simply through the good example he set when it came to honesty, persistence and leadership.", "id": "high3299.txt"}