{"answers": ["B", "D", "A", "A"], "options": [["There is no moment of silence when you talk with French.", "French don't like others asking their careers.", "The Swiss may seem cold but humorous sometimes.", "Australians tend to judge you by your words."], ["you should tell the Australians what education you have received.", "you should not use too much sporting comparisons with Australians.", "you should not ask personal questions from people of the three countries.", "you should have the Australians bring up subjects first."], ["Australians don't like to show off their success before others.", "Australians like to criticize themselves and others.", "you can talk with French about anything even if you know little.", "you can criticize anyone in France because you have the right."], ["Talking in western countries", "How to argue with foreigners", "Things that can't be talked with foreigners", "How to adapt to the life in western countries"]], "questions": ["Which of the following statements is TURE according to the passage?", "It is suggested during talking that   _", "We can infer from the passage that   _", "What is the best title of the passage?"], "article": "It can't be truer that when in Rome do as the Romans do. So it's necessary for you to know what you can talk with the local people in France, Australia and Switzerland, and different customs of these countries.\nIn France\nYou'll find that conversations often turn into heated debates. Give opinions only on subjects that you are knowledgeable about. There is rarely a moment of silence, except when the topic under discussion has been exhausted, and nothing new has been introduced.\nFood, art, music and current events or history are welcome topics. French believe in freedom, and you can criticize anyone, but not Napoleon, who is a symbol of French spirit and never use the standard. U.S. conversation opener \"What do you do\".\nIn Australia\nAustralians tend to be enthusiastic debaters. A wide range of topics may be open to discussion, including religion and politics. The best policy, however, is to wait for Australian companions to bring up these two subjects; be prepared to hear their arguments.\nSport is a common topic of conversation in Australia and Australians tend to use sporting comparisons. Australians like to criticize themselves, but they can't stand criticism from others. Don't talk big;instead Australians prefer to judge your competence and abilities through your actions. People who show off their education in conversation may be subject to teasing.\nIn Switzerland\nThe Swiss may seem cold. Once you get close to them, however, you'll find that they are honest, responsible people, who will be loyal to your interests.\nThey are good listeners and will remember practically everything you say to them. Sometimes they will even go so far as to take notes while you speak. The Swiss are a very private people, so you should avoid asking personal questions. They can be rather serious, so it is advisable to avoid making jokes on them.", "id": "high3302.txt"}