{"answers": ["A", "D", "C"], "options": [["Whether it's beneficial or harmful depends on what the video games are.", "It always improves kids' hand-eye coordination and problem-solving skills.", "It will make kids more violent and increase their aggressive behavior.", "Kids should give it up and put their hearts fully into their schoolwork."], ["Keep the video game console out of their house.", "Allow their children to play only such video games as rated \"M\"", "Let kids play video games as much as possible if it doesn't affect their lessons.", "Help their children develop other healthy hobbies such as sports and painting."], ["Should children play video games?", "Kids' playing video games is harmful.", "Is playing video games good for kids?", "Help children choose video games."]], "questions": ["What is the opinion of Mary L. Gavin about playing video games?", "According to Mary L. Gavin, which of the following is encouraged to do by parents?", "Which is the best title of this passage?"], "article": "My son loves video games very much. He spends hours every day playing video games in his room. Is there anyredeeming educational value to video games? Some seem like they could help him learn strategy. But I worry others may be too violent ornumb his mind.\nCecilia\nSome games may improve kids' hand-eye coordination and problem-solving skills. Games that require kids to actually move ormanipulate the game through their own physical movement can even get _ kids moving, though not as much as they could if they actually played outside or participated in sports or other outdoor acuities. Others, though, don't have such benefits, and violent video games have been shown that they might increase kid's aggressive behavior.\nLike a lot of aspects of raising kids, when it comes to video games, the healthiest approach is actually self-control.\nThe American academy of Pediatrics(AAP) recommends that kids should spend no more than 2 hours each day on screen time, including watching TV or movies, or playing computer or video games. So consider setting limits at least that strict to keep game playing from affecting their schoolwork, household responsibilities, and the physical activity your son needs very day.\nMake sure that he's playing games which are suitable for his age group. All video games are rated and labeled by the Entertainment Software Rating Board. Steer clear of any rated \"M\" for mature. Those are for ages 17 and older and can contain heavy-duty violence, strong language, and sexual content.\nTry to keep the video gameconsole in a common area of the house, not your son's room. That way you can catch any inappropriate content in the games he's playing, and he'll be in a position to interact with others in the house while he's playing.\nMake sure your son has appealing alternatives, too, such as sports, activities, opportunities to socialize with peers; and downtime to be creative. If you continue to have concerns about his video game activity, talk with your doctor.\nReviewed by:Mary L. Gavin, MD", "id": "high3303.txt"}