{"answers": ["D", "C", "A"], "options": [["A magazine on science", "A fairy Tale", "A scientific fantasy book", "A newspaper"], ["A terrible earthquake hit the northeastern coast of Japan", "It was also the worst earthquake in Japan", "The 9.0 earthquake was the fourth most powerful earthquake ever recorded in Japan", "Japan's concrete sea walls was unable to handle such high waves."], ["The country has never experienced any event as big as this one over the past 150 years", "Japan has the best earthquake early warning systems in the world.", "There are not concrete sea walls around all of the Japanese coastline", "The government didn't announce its first tsunami warnings three minutes earlier."]], "questions": ["Where can this passage probably be adapted from?", "Which of the following statements NOT true ?", "According to Costas Synolakis, why did Japan suffer such a loss?"], "article": "A powerful earthquake struck the northeastern coast of Japan at two forty-six p.m. local time on March eleventh.2011. Japan's Meteorological Agency released its first tsunami  warnings just three minutes later. The country has one of the best earthquake early warning systems in the world.\nThere are more than four thousand Seismic Intensity Meters in place throughout Japan to measure earthquake activity. These meters provide information within two minutes of an earthquake happening. Information about the strength and the center of the earthquake can be learned within three minutes.\nThere are also concrete  sea walls around much of the Japanese coastline. But these measures proved no match for the powerful earthquake and tsunami.\nCostas Synolakis ,a tsunami expert at the University of Southern California in Los Angeles said,\"Japan is one of those most well-prepared countries on earth in terms of tsunami warning. They had a warning. I think what went wrong is that they had not expected the size of this event.\"\nHe says there are two reasons for this. Japan has not had any event anywhere near as big as this one in the last one hundred fifty years. And scientists had not expected such a large earthquake happening off the coast of Japan.\nThe nine point zero magnitude earthquake was the fourth most powerful earthquake ever recorded worldwide. It was also the worst earthquake ever to hit Japan. The tsunami waves that followed were reported to have reached as high as thirteen meters in some areas.\nCostas Synolakis says Japan's concrete sea walls were not built to handle such high waves.\nExperts say early warning systems will continue to be limited by these facts until earthquakes and tsunamis can be predicted", "id": "high3306.txt"}