{"answers": ["D", "A", "B"], "options": [["going with the flow", "changing from day to day", "writing down good ideas", "making sure you know what to change"], ["Change benefits us in different ways.", "Creating a good environment is the most important step.", "It's discouraging to try to change one's environment.", "Being a catalyst for change is risky but rewarding."], ["How to achieve what you desire.", "How to be a catalyst for change.", "How to act according to your plans.", "How to move in the right direction."]], "questions": ["If you decide to change, you should start by   _  .", "What can we infer from the text?", "Which would be the best title for the text?"], "article": "Life is full of change, and this leads to growth. Change is what keeps our lives moving, and allows us to achieve what we desire and deserve. Like it or not, we need to be willing to go with the flow, and be adaptable when something doesn't go according to plan. A catalyst is a person that causes something else to happen, and if you're not currently a catalyst for change, here are some things you can do to become one.\nTake a look at what you've got going on in your life right now. Write down everything that comes to mind. Is there anything that jumps out at you that you're not content with? Is there something that isn't moving forward as quickly as you would like it to? Identifying what you want to change is the first step to getting somewhere with it.\nTake the initiative to make change happen. Once you have identified what you want to work on changing, write down several possible \"next steps\" you can take to realizing that change. Whatever it is you want to change, you won't get very far without having specific actions in mind to carry out. Start small, and then focus on items that are a bit more involved or difficult and just keep going!\nWhen carrying out a change, it's great if you're able to _ , particularly if they can help you implement that change in some way. Be receptive to feedback, but realize that others' opinions are not golden. Also remember to give feedback when asked for it. Be sure it's genuine and that you are able to stand behind it.\nCreate an environment for change. There is nothing more discouraging than trying to create change in an environment that is not conducive to it. It's like trying to stick to a diet in a house that is filled with chips, cookies, ice cream and chocolate; you are just making it more difficult for yourself.\nChange is good, and often leads to process improvement, increased productivity and efficiency. Take the initiative, and make changes to your life to get to where you want to go faster than you are going right now.", "id": "high3313.txt"}