{"answers": ["B", "C", "C"], "options": [["from the tickets sellers along the Strip", "through online shopping", "at the Tix 4 Tonight locations", "on the day of the performance"], ["To introduce various Las Vegas shows.", "To introduce the interesting places in Las Vegas.", "To tell people the ways of getting Las Vegas show tickets.", "To tell people the advantage of getting tickets online."], ["Business.", "News.", "Travel.", "Sports."]], "questions": ["If you want to see Celine Dion's performance, you should buy the tickets   _  .", "What's the author's purpose in writing this text?", "In which part of a newspaper could we find the text?"], "article": "There are many places around the city and online to buy Las Vegas show tickets. With dozens of websites you can find at home, ticket box offices, Tix 4 Tonight (one of the two half-price ticket sellers) locations, and ticket sellers along the Las Vegas trip, you might wonder where you could find your best deal.\nMajor Shows\nIf you want to see one of the top shows in Las Vegas, you could buy your tickets online before your trip. Many of these shows sell out months ahead of time, so make sure you do your research.\nBest Place to Buy Discounted   Tickets\nIf you want discounted tickets for Las Vegas shows, you should go to one of the four Tix 4 Tonight locations. These locations get tickets early in the morning or throughout the day if shows are not sold out. Do not expect to find discounted tickets here for the hottest shows in town such as one-night concerts or shows like Celine Dion's. These seldom make their way to Tix 4 Tonight.\nCoupon books  \nAs you walk along the Las Vegas Strip, you are going to come across people handing out the Vegas Values coupon books or other coupons. These may help you find discounted coupons for various shows around town. Tickets bought with coupons have to be bought at the box office for the show. These are usually located near the theater used for the show.\nOn-Strip Sellers\nIf you see people standing on the Strip selling show tickets, make sure you avoid them. While a few of these sellers might be legitimate  ,they often cheat people by selling counterfeit   tickets.\nCatching a show in Las Vegas is one of the various activities people take part in every single day. While there is not one set place to be the best to buy tickets, make sure you get to see the show you want.", "id": "high3327.txt"}