{"answers": ["C", "A", "C", "B"], "options": [["Their characters and interests.", "Their class performance during the previous year.", "Their working performance during the previous year.", "Their ability of managing their accounts during the previous year."], ["Negative.", "Uncertain.", "Totally positive.", "Acceptive."], ["hunter", "director", "biologist", "principal"], ["Never complain about life.", "Small tasks can lead to fortunes.", "Men are best known by their friends.", "Responsibility and intelligence bring good luck."]], "questions": ["What did the teacher base his decision on when giving out jobs to the children?", "What is Rita's attitude to her father's suggestion?", "We can infer that the man who made the declaration is a   _  .", "What would be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "The day when the jobs were handed out was one of the most exciting moments for all the children in the class. It took place during the first week of the term. Every kid was given a job for which they would be responsible for the rest of that school year.\nSome jobs were more interesting than others, and the children were eager to be given one of the best ones. When giving them out, the teacher took into account which pupils had been most responsible during the previous year. During the previous year Rita had carried out the teacher's instructions perfectly. All the children knew Rita would be given the best job.\n _ Each child received a normal job. But Rita's job was very different. She was given a little box containing some sand and one ant. Though the teacher insisted that this ant was very special, Rita felt disappointed. Most of her classmates felt sorry for her. Even her father became very angry with the teacher and he encouraged Rita to pay no attention to this insignificant pet. However, Rita preferred to show the teacher her error by doing something special with that job of little interest.\nRita started investigating all about her little ant and gave the ant the best food, and it grew quite a bit bigger.\nOne day, a man, who looked very important, came into their classroom and declared, \"Your class has been chosen to accompany me, this summer, on a journey to the tropical rain forest, where we will investigate all kinds of insects. Among all the schools of this region, your class has best cared for the little ant.\"\nThat day the school was filled with joy and celebration. Everyone thanked Rita for having been so patient and responsible. And many children learnt that to be given the most important task you have to know how to be responsible even in what are the smallest tasks.", "id": "high3329.txt"}