{"answers": ["B", "D", "B"], "options": [["Ways of protecting the environment", "Green benefits of Web conferencing", "Ways of hosting a Web conference", "Impact of Web conferencing on costs"], ["will be e-mailed an invitation before the conference.", "are required to sit in an office together.", "will receive many paper materials.", "must have access to the Internet."], ["Useless", "Environmentally friendly", "Inconvenient", "Money-consuming"]], "questions": ["What is the passage mainly about?", "The participants of a Web conference   _  .", "Which of the following words best describes the author's opinion about a Web conference?"], "article": "Many businesses today use conferences as a means of discussing new plans of the company. As people are paying more attention to the environment and green problems, more businesses are looking for ways to reduce their negative effect on the environment. Many businesses do this by using Web conferencing.\nWeb conferencing is a technology that allows people to communicate more effectively over the Internet. It's an easy way of hosting and attending conferences without having to leave the office. Each of the people involved in a Web conference will be posted an invitation to the conference with the time and date of the Web conference on it. When the conference is ready to begin, all participants   must sit at their computers and they will be connected over the Internet.\nWith Web conferencing all participants attend conference from the comfort of their own desks. Obviously, in doing this no fuel is used in traveling to and from a conference, and less work is taken up in attending a conference.\nAny material to be used during Web conference is simply e-mailed to all the participants before the conference. Participants can then either choose to print material or read it on screen. This not only saves paper but also greatly reduces mailing costs for the business.\nAs a conference hall or business center isn't being used, it means that the only power that is used is the power that is used by the participants' personal computers. Similarly, conference organizers don't have to arrange for food or overnight accommodation. All this means that less energy is used.\nOften in business some companies actively choose to do business with other companies that do many things to reduce their negative impact on the environment. And Web conferencing helps you show other businesses that you are willing to work hard for the green cause.", "id": "high333.txt"}