{"answers": ["D", "B", "C", "C", "C"], "options": [["Surprising", "Confusing", "Illogical", "Questionable"], ["It's impossible to slow down the pace of the change.", "The social reality children are facing cannot be changed.", "Lessons learned from the past should not be forgotten.", "It's impossible to forget the past."], ["were less isolated physically", "were probably less self-centered", "probably suffered less from anxiety", "were considered less individualistic"], ["To provide them with a safer environment.", "To lower their expectations for them.", "To get them more involved socially.", "To set a good model for them to follow."], ["Anxiety, though always unavoidable, can be coped with.", "Children's anxiety has been enormously exaggerated .", "Children's anxiety can be removed with more parental care.", "Anxiety, if properly controlled, may help children become mature."]], "questions": ["What does the author thinks of the conclusion that people in America are unhappier than 50 years ago?", "What does the author mean by saying \" we can't turn the clock back(Para. 3)?", "According to an analysis, compared with normal children today, children 50 years ago   _  .", "What is the first and most important thing parents should do to help their children?", "What conclusion can be drawn from the passage?"], "article": "I usually doubt about any research that concludes that people are either happier or unhappier or more or less certain of themselves than they were 50 years ago.While any of these statements might be true, they are practically impossible to prove scientifically. Still, 1 was struck by a report which concluded that today's children are significantly more anxious than children in the 1950s. In fact, the analysis showed, normal children between 9 and 17 have a higher level of anxiety today than children who were treated for mental illness 50 years ago.\nWhy are America's kids so stressed? The report cites two main causes: increasing physical isolation   brought on by high divorce rates and less involvement in community, and a growing perception that the world is a more dangerous place.\nGiven that _ , adults can still do plenty to help the next generation to cope.\nAt the top of the list,nurturing   is a better appreciation of the limits of individualism. No child is an island. Strengthening social ties helps build communities and protect individuals against stress.\nTo help kids build stronger connections with others, you can pull the plug on TVs and computers. Your family will thank you later.They will then have more time for face-to-face relationships, and they will get more sleep.\nLimit the amount of virtual   violence your children are exposed to. It's not just video games and movies; children see a lot of murder and crime on the local news.\nKeep your expectations for your children reasonable. Many highly successful people never attended Harvard or Yale.\nMake exercise part of your daily routine. It will help you deal with your own anxieties and provide a good model for your kids. Sometimes anxiety is unavoidable,but it doesn't have to ruin your life.", "id": "high3330.txt"}