{"answers": ["D", "B", "D"], "options": [["are asked to write an article", "are able to play an instrument", "are well prepared to start school", "become more confident about themselves"], ["writing needs creativity", "forming good habits is important", "learning to play an instrument is not easy", "people should take action to achieve their goals"], ["sell Rooster Morris' children's books", "persuade kids to attend Rooster Morris' school", "encourage children to write", "attract customers for Laid-Back West, Inc."]], "questions": ["After attending Rooster Morris' performances, kids   _  .", "Rooster talks about how he learnt to play the fiddle in order to prove that   _  .", "The main purpose of the passage is to  _"], "article": "Rooster Morris is an author, entertainer, storyteller, musician, and composer. He has performed for over 4.5 million students in elementary schools, public libraries and museums. Rooster shares with the audience some of the stories in children's books. Kids walk away from his performances, believing they can write, draw, perform, sing, or play a musical instrument. Most importantly, students walk away, believing reading will open the doors to every opportunity in life.\nEveryone knows authors write books, but how many students actually have the opportunity to watch a published author read from their books? When a student has the advantage of meeting an author and has the opportunity to ask questions, they realize authors are people from far-away places. Rooster points out these misunderstandings and explains how he started writing.\nRooster talks of habits being one of the most important things in a person's life. If people develop good habits, they will achieve their goals and be ready for anything. Rooster talks about how he wanted to play the fiddle when he was a young boy. He learns to make a habit of practicing the fundamentals. Rooster shows the kids the pay-off -- he plays a song in front of the audience and brings the excitement to a new level.\nRooster will educate and entertain the audience. Many students begin writing after having seen Rooster's program. When children hear someone they admire say, \"You can do anything if you want to do it,\" it motivates them into action.\nLaid-Back West, Inc. has been booking authors for schools for over 13 years. We know the value of a successful author visit and can invite Rooster and other authors to visit your school.", "id": "high3336.txt"}