{"answers": ["A", "D", "D"], "options": [["is an interesting experience", "is always very stressful", "needs much professional knowledge", "is the best choice to work in a TV station"], ["seldom takes part in producing programs", "is also called \"Producer\"", "usually trains new workers in person", "is responsible to deal with advertisers"], ["decides what shots to get", "works closely with the Producer", "meets the demands of Camera Operators", "carries out the orders by the Director"]], "questions": ["According to the writer, working in the Production Department   _  .", "The Production Manager   _  .", "The Technical Director   _  ."], "article": "The Production Department can be a fun place to work in a TV station. It can also be quite stressful if the station broadcasts a significant amount of live programming. There can be a number of interesting positions in this department. Here is a list of the core ones:\nThe Production Manager heads the department, and is the person to contact if you are interested in working in this area. He or she oversees all activities in the studios, hires and fires workers, meets with customers who want to produce an advertisement, and monitors expense budgets for the department. The person in this position may also sometimes act as a Director, Producer, Camera Operator, or any other role in which they are proficient.\nDirectors lead the crew during a production session. Over a headset, the Director tells Camera Operators what shots to get and the Technical Director (TD) what audio and video to put on the air. Directors work closely with the Producer of each program, ensuring that the final product meets with the Producer's demands.\nA Technical Director is a master at \"punching\" up the correct video source. In other words, if the Director calls for camera one, the Technical Director puts camera one on the air. The TD sits in front of a massive board called a \"swicher\" during production sessions, which allows him or her to literally switch between video sources. Since this can be a high-pressure, fast-moving job, the best Technical Directors are people who can stay even-tempered and in control.\nThe Stage Manager is responsible for everything that goes on in the television studio. This person makes sure all of the equipment is in good working order, oversees the building and placement of all staging, and may even set the lighting for all productions. Really efficient Stage Managers take pride in their studios, and it would not be unusual to see this person sweeping the floor or cleaning the sets between productions. This is a leadership position, which often leads to promotion to the position of Production Manager.", "id": "high3338.txt"}