{"answers": ["B", "D"], "options": [["Most of O. Henry's short stories were finished in prison.", "O. Henry didn't start his career as a successful writer when living in central Austin.", "O. Henry was born in a small, old house which is called the O. Henry Museum now.", "O. Henry spent his last life in the small, old house in Texas."], ["O. Henry's experience in prison.", "The objects in the O. Henry's Museum", "O. Henry's achievement in literature.", "A brief account of O. Henry's life"]], "questions": ["What can be inferred from the passage?", "What does the author want to tell us in the passage?"], "article": "Visitors can find a small, old house called the O. Henry Museum in central Austin, Texas. William Sydney Porter(1862-1910)----better known as O. Henry, was one of America's best loved writers of short stories. Beginning in 1893, he lived here. It was saved from destruction, moved, and turned into a museum in 1934. The museum is a good way to learn about the interesting life of him.\nWilliam Porter rented this house and lived with his wife and daughter for about two years. Many objects in the museum belonged to the Porters. Others did not, but are in the house to recreate the way it looked during their lifetime.\nPorter worked at a pharmacy, farm, land office and bank. He also loved words and writing. The museum has special proof of Porter's love of language---his dictionary. It's said that he read every word in it. Porter started a small publication called \"The Rolling Stone\". He wasn't being published early on, so he published himself. His funny stories, poems, and drawings were published in the magazine. But it was too costly to continue for long, so he closed the project after about one year.\nOther troubles would lead the Porters to leave Austin. Porter was accused of financial wrongdoing at the bank and lost his job. Fearing a trial, he fled the country. But he returned because his wife was dying. After her death, he faced trial and was found guilty. He served three and a half years in a federal prison in Ohio.\nPorter would keep his time in prison a secret. But there was one good thing about it. It provided him with time to write. By the time of his release, he had published 14 stories and was becoming well-known as O. Henry.\nPorter would later move to New York City and find great success there. He published over 380 stories in the last eight years of his life.", "id": "high335.txt"}