{"answers": ["B", "A", "C"], "options": [["avoid inappropriate manners", "learn tolerance towards others", "pay attention to others' needs and feelings", "judge others favorably in any case"], ["You can't really love or hate others if they are similar to you.", "We are easily attracted by someone who is similar to us.", "Our first judgment of a person mostly comes from our personal opinion.", "The moment we see a stranger, our mind forms an impression of that person."], ["the writer's first reaction to the man was to judge him as offensive", "we will need to learn tolerance to co-exist with others", "we shouldn't focus on judging others but should constantly reflect on our own", "the writer didn't care about other people's view of him"]], "questions": ["The purpose of the author writing this passage is to advise people to   _  .", "According to the passage, the following statements are all true except   _  .", "It can be implied from the text that   _  ."], "article": "When you meet someone for the first time, you will form an impression in your mind of that person in the first moment. Your reactions to other people, however, are really just barometers   for how you perceive  yourself. Your reactions to others say more about you than they do about others. You cannot really love or hate something about another unless it reflects something you love or hate yourself. We are usually drawn to those who are most like us and tend to dislike those who display those aspects of ourselves that we dislike.\nTherefore, you can allow others to be the mirror to illuminate (;) more clearly your own feelings of self-worth. Conversely, you can view the people you judge negatively as mirrors to show you what you are not accepting about yourself.\nTo survive together peacefully with others, you will need to learn tolerance. A big challenge is to shift your perspective from judgment of others to a lifelong exploration of yourself. Your task is to assess all the decisions, judgments you make onto others and to begin to view them as clues to how you can heal yourself and become whole.\nSeveral days ago I had a business lunch with a man who displayed _ table manners. My first reaction was to judge him as rude and his table manners as annoying. When I noticed that I was judging him, I stopped and asked myself what I was feeling. I discovered that I was embarrassed to be seen with someone who was chewing with his mouth open and loudly blowing his nose. I was astonished to find how much I cared about how the other people in the restaurant perceived me.\nRemember that your judgment of someone will not serve as a protective shield against you becoming like him. Just because I judge my lunch partner as rude does not prevent me from ever looking or acting like him. In the same way, extending tolerance to him would not cause me to suddenly begin chewing my food with my mouth open.\nWhen you approach life in this manner, those with whom you have the greatest dissatisfactions as well as those you admire and love can be seen as mirrors, guiding you to discover parts of yourself that you reject and to embrace your greatest quality.", "id": "high3352.txt"}