{"answers": ["C", "D", "C", "A", "A"], "options": [["Supportive", "Objective", "Negative", "Positive"], ["We should pull the troops out without delay.", "There is no need to have a time table to follow.", "The public has the fight to know the time table.", "We should keep the time secret from the enemy."], ["is the biggest issue with which we are facing right now.", "has been accepted by the House of Representatives.", "should be equally shared among Americans", "should be put in the economy"], ["the teachers' salaries are not high enough.", "teacher's salaries should be as high as CEO's.", "the teachers work harder than CEO's of companies.", "teaching is more important than any other job in America"], ["Election", "International affair", "Finance", "Education,"]], "questions": ["What's the author's attitude towards the Iraq War?", "What's true about the time of pulling the troops out?", "According to the author, the 700 billion dollars  _", "When talking about high school teachers, the author thinks that  _", "Which of the topics is NOT included in the letter?"], "article": "Letters to the next president\nDear Mr. President:\nI would like to personally thank you for your time and concern for our great country. I would like to take a few minutes to address a few concerns that I have with the United States.\nFirst of all, I would like to address the war. In my opinion, we should have never been involved with Iraq to the extent that we are now. I believe we should pull our troops out. However, I think there should be a time table that we follow but the time table should not be released  because the enemy does not need to know when we are going to pull out. Also, the war takes out a ton of our money, which leads me to my next issue.\nThe economy right now, in the opinion of many Americans is the biggest issue with which we are facing right now. No one can predict what will happen one day or the next. The obvious thing to do is to put 700 billion dollars in the economy, but that bill failed and was rejected by the House of Representatives . Instead of putting 700 billion dollars in, I think the money should be equally distributed among Americans to pay off their debts. I'm not sure if this would work, but I think it is a positive alternative  we could take.\nMy final issue I would like to call to your attention is teacher's salaries. The high school students of today are America's future. In a way, America's future depends greatly on the high school teachers of America. Saying this, it is sad that teacher's salaries are where they are. While teachers are working harder and harder every day to teach high school students, CEO's of big companies that are driving our countries economy into the ground are getting bonuses. I'm not saying that teacher's salaries should be the same of CEO's of companies, but I do strongly believe that action should be taken to increase the salaries of teachers because they have one of the most important jobs in America - - preparing our country for the future.\nOnce again, thank you for your time and your effort you put in to making this great country a better place.\nSincerely, Walker", "id": "high3365.txt"}