{"answers": ["B", "B", "C"], "options": [["Britain", "Israel", "Britain and Israel", "Israel and Thailand"], ["In Thailand people give fish and birds to the birthday person as presents.", "In Holland people give presents to unbirthday persons on their birthdays.", "In Nigeria people who were born in the same period may celebrate their birthdays on the same day.", "In Thailand a candle will be lighted on the birthday night."], ["Different countries have different birthdays.", "Celebrating birthdays is exciting.", "Different ways of celebrating the birthday in different countries.", "Everyone likes celebrating his or her birthday."]], "questions": ["It's a custom to lift and lower the birthday person in a chair in   _  .", "According to the passage, which of the following is TRUE?", "What does the text mainly talk about?"], "article": "People celebrate birthdays in almost every country on earth. And they celebrate them in many different ways.\nIn China and in Japan, for example, the arrival of New Year is more important than a person's birthday. So everyone adds a year to celebrate their ages on New Year's Day, instead of on their birthdays,\nIn Brazil, the special birthday food isn't cake, but special candles. In China, it's long noodles--for long life. In Iceland, people have pancakes with candies rolled inside them on birthdays.\nIn Britain, a birthday is an all-day celebration. At school, the birthday child is lifted up and \"bumped\" by his classmates. This means the child is lifted by the feet and arms and bumped to the ground, once for each year once for good growth. In Israel, the same custom is followed, except the birthday person is lifted and lowered while sitting in a chair.\nIn Holland, children not only get presents, but also give things out. They give cakes, cookies and candles to their classmates and teachers on their birthdays.\nIn Mexico, it's good luck to give birthday greetings as early in the day as possible. So it's usual for the birthday child to be woken up at midnight by fiends singing birthday songs.\nIn India, birthday celebrations also begin before dawn. Prayers and blessings must be said before morning comes.\nIn Thailand, two tall candles are lighted the night before the birthday. One is as tall as the birthday person. If it goes out early, it's bad luck. Another customs of Thailand is that they buy live fish and birds for the birthday person and then the birthday person frees the animals, and it brings good luck.\nIn Nigeria, people in a certain age group celebrate their birthdays together, on a certain day.\nIn many countries birthday customs are changing. Old customs are giving way to western style of birthdays, with candle topped cakes. But one thing never changes--birthdays are special days for everyone!", "id": "high338.txt"}