{"answers": ["A", "C"], "options": [["Desire to drive on the road declines among American teens.", "Getting a license costs much more than ever before.", "Social networking sites are changing the life of American teens.", "American teens are becoming more responsible than ever."], ["why American teens are crazy about digital social life", "what social networking websites are bringing to American teens", "to what degree the Internet is affecting the American car culture", "what the Internet does to help teens to get a driving license"]], "questions": ["What does the passage mainly talk about?", "Michelle's Wei's example is used to explain   _  ."], "article": "When I was growing up, 16 was always a magical age, a symbol of maturity, responsibility and of course more independence and freedom.  I sat through the hours of Driver's Ed classes eager to get out on the road. I couldn't wait to get my driver's license.\nBut it's a different story for today's teens. In January, the U.S. Department Transportation released 2012 data that showed only 30.7 percent of U.S. teens got their license at age 16, Twenty years before, that number was almost 45 percent.\nThere are numbers of reasons for the fall - off. The growing responsibilities like paying for insurance and high gas prices discourage teens from getting behind the wheel. Plus, many teens today are so busy with homework, endless hours of activities and part-time jobs, that finding the time for Driver's Ed classes may be more difficult that ever.\nIn addition, many states have raised the driving age, or restricted when teens can drive and who they can have in the car. Parents may also be making their own personal restrictions until they feel their teens are responsible enough to drive safely.\nDriving is part of the American culture, but it's not the central focus like it was 25 years ago. They have so many other things to do now. One of the more interesting factors delaying teens driving might be the change of their social life. Today, teens need to look no further than Face book or other social networking sites to connect with their friends. There is simply less need, maybe less desire, to be able to grab the keys and go.\nMichelle Wei got her license as a senior in high school because her digital social life made it easy no to drive. \"If I couldn't get a ride to see my friend who lives a town over,\" the 19-year-old said, \"I could talk on IM or Skype.\"\nResearch has shown that these online relationships can lead to higher quality friendships, so it isn't necessarily a bad thing. However, it's important to find a balance. If old face-to-face friendships are good, why not drive to find them?", "id": "high3380.txt"}