{"answers": ["B", "D", "C"], "options": [["has been done in most American schools", "is becoming a growing practice in the USA", "is not very popular with teachers", "only aims at high scores at school"], ["is a very excellent teacher", "thinks highly of paying students", "thinks students will show improvement in study in the future", "thinks people should make a careful plan for the paying program"], ["persuade teachers to give students more prizes", "tell people how to become an excellent student", "introduce something about American paying students program", "explain the advantages of American paying students program"]], "questions": ["Paying students who show improvement in tests   _  .", "According to the text, Robert Schaefer   _  .", "The text is mainly written to   _  ."], "article": "Now, there is a growing movement to pay the students in American schools---in some cases, even just for coming to class.\nStudents at one school in New Mexico can earn up to three hundred dollars a year for good attendance. In Baltimore, Maryland, high scores in state graduation tests can be worth more than one hundred dollars. And a New Jersey school system plans to pay students fifty dollars a week to attend after---school tutoring programs.\nSchools that pay students can be found in more than one---fourth of the fifty states. Other schools pay students with food or other rewards.\nRobert Schaefer is a public education director. He says paying students may improve performance in the short term, but students develop false expectations for the future. He sees a lack of long term planning in these programs because of the pressure on schools to raise test scores.\nPublic schools need to show improvement under the education reform law. Low---performing schools may lose their federal money; teachers and administrators  may lose their jobs. Often these schools are in poor neighborhoods where getting students to go to school can be a continual problem.\nCritics  say paying students sends a message that money is the only valuable reward. But some students say it makes school more exciting. And some teachers have reported getting more requests for extra help.\nIn two thousand four, the city schools in Coshocton, Ohio, launched a program. They wanted to see if paying elementary school students as much as one hundred dollars would help in passing the state exams.\nNow, Eric Bettinger of Case Western Reserve University (EUCWRU) has reported mixed results. Math scores increased, but only white students were able to get paid. And there was no evidence of higher scores in reading, social studies and science. Official will decide later this year whether to continue the program.", "id": "high3400.txt"}