{"answers": ["C", "B", "D"], "options": [["Check whether the price is low", "Check whether it is a rare house", "Check carefully whether lots of repairs are needed", "Check whether a famous person has lived in it"], ["easy", "costly", "interesting", "impossible"], ["To encourage readers to build a house of their own", "To explain why it is hard to decide what house to buy", "To tell readers how to find a great bargain when they are buying a house", "To help readers make a better decision when they are buying a house"]], "questions": ["What does the writer suggest people do when they are buying an old house?", "The writer seems to believe that building a house of one's own is   _  .", "What is the writer's purpose in writing this passage?"], "article": "House buyers have three main choices: building from the ground up, moving into an old house or buying a new one. All the three are very different and should be considered carefully. Your budget will probably have the biggest effect on your choice. Comparing the three will help you make a good decision.\nNew houses are untouched and fresh, which means they can suit your personality and you know exactly where all of the materials come from. New houses won't hold many unpleasant surprises, such as weak foundations, or other damaged areas. Most of these modern houses are also far more eco-friendly, with future decoration being just as easy to make and do as you like. Buying new houses is also a great way to save money, and you may find its benefit with the price going up in the future.\nSome buildings, such as those that are rare or in certain areas, are of value over the years. Sometimes it is the history that draws more buyers into older houses. A famous person may have lived there, or an important event may have taken place in the house. This may not add any value to the house, but it can add to the attraction. There may be more repairs which will need to be done in the old houses,so before you think you've found a great bargain, be sure to get a careful inspection.\nThere are those who prefer building from the ground up. Building your own house can be a very rewarding, tiring, and expensive experience. While people have many expectations of planning and building their own houses, one thing is sure: it will take a while. There are always difficulties during construction, so you always find the construction time will be longer than your plan, not to mention the budget. Time can add up as well as materials and costs. Building is a good choice for those who are able and qualified.", "id": "high3412.txt"}