{"answers": ["D", "D", "B"], "options": [["explain why there are traffic jams", "tell us the negative effects of traffic jams", "tell us what we can do on the road", "tell us how to save time on the road"], ["surfing the Internet", "listening to the radio for traffic news", "listening to the traffic channel", "turning to other drivers for information"], ["Choose a job that has flexible working hours", "Try traveling at different time", "Make friends with your manager", "Work from home"]], "questions": ["The author wrote the text in order to   _  .", "To get the latest traffic information, you could do the following EXCEPT   _  .", "Which of the following can be put in the blank in the text?"], "article": "With more and more cars on the road, traffic jams are _ Traffic jams can lead to increased accidents as there are more cars, with more people trying to get to their destination, all the while getting worse. Although it's impossible to avoid traffic jams altogether, there are some tips you can follow to reduce the amount of time on the road.\nCheck for traffic jams before you leave. You can listen to the radio for traffic news, or check on the Internet to get up-to-minute information on traffic. If the route you want to take is heavy with traffic, you can choose another.\nLook for a different route permanently. Most traffic jams occur on busy roads. Using country roads could see you avoiding a lot of traffic. Although the distance you may have to travel is further, it can work out quicker.\nSet your car radio to receive traffic bulletins. Many new car stereo systems   are equipped with a radio system by which you can hear the traffic channel. This way you can get the latest traffic information and change your journey if necessary.\n _ . Most traffic jams usually occur during rush hour, so try to avoid this time period if possible. Some jobs offer flexible working hours so that you can travel to work outside of rush hour. Some jobs even allow you to work at home so as to avoid commuting altogether. Ask your manager to see what you can do if traffic is a problem for you.\nUse public transport alternatives where available. The easiest way to avoid traffic jams is to take buses or the underground instead of driving your own car. Not only will you avoid traffic jams but you will most likely be saving money as the cost of motoring rises.", "id": "high3414.txt"}