{"answers": ["A", "B", "C"], "options": [["a typical menu from a US school consists of enough nutrition.", "most students in South Africa eat their lunch at home.", "many schools in Australia have traffic lights outside their school.", "you can have whatever you like in school canteens in Japan."], ["Schools should try to satisfy the needs of students.", "Schools serve different foods from country to country.", "Food served in the US is the best of all.", "School children all over the world dislike their school food."], ["parents", "schoolmasters", "students of your age", "nutritionists"]], "questions": ["We can infer from the passage that   _  .", "What is the main idea of the passage?", "The article is written for   _  ."], "article": "It seems school children all over the world complain about their school food. Cherie Blair, the wife of previous Prime Minister Tony Blair, said that she would prepare a packed lunch for her son if school dinners do not improve. So what do students of your age eat for lunch at school?\nJapan\nHigh schools have canteens , which serve everything from noodles to rice, but not burgers and chips. Other children bring food from home such as cold rice balls, meat or fish, pickles  and vegetables.\nStudents take home a menu for the coming month containing notes on nutrition value. Twice a year parents are invited to have a taste of the food. The class with the fewest leftovers  at the end of the month receives a prize.\nUntied States\nA typical menu from a US school is made up of a hamburger with fried potatoes or roast chicken, lettuce and pickles, fruit and cookies. School lunches must also provide at least one-third of the daily dietary allowances   of protein, vitamin A, vitamin C, iron, calcium, and calories.\nAustralia\nMeat pies, sausage rolls and hotdogs are all traditional dishes in Australian school shops. But as the nation pays more attention to children's health, healthier foods have started to find their way onto school menus.\nMany schools have used a traffic light system. The sale of red-labelled foods, including pastries, chocolate and soft drinks, is served only twice a week. Healthier green-labelled foods such as sushi  , sandwiches, corn and watermelon, however, are available every day.\nIn some schools, students have a choice of up to 89 foods to choose from, including popcorn and rice.\nSouth Africa\nMost of South Africa's schools do not serve meals at all. Classes end at 1:30pm and students get their own lunches. Many students bring food from home, usually sandwiches.\nFast food and fried food sell the best among students, which has led to a rise in _ among children. But as more people began to realize the fact that being too fat may cause different diseases, some schools in towns have led the way towards better nutrition. Now students at these schools are provided with lunches of porridge with vegetables, such as cabbages, onions, beans, carrots and tomatoes.", "id": "high342.txt"}