{"answers": ["C", "D", "C"], "options": [["How students can get a good grade in the course.", "Whether students are allowed to answer calls in class.", "Whether students deserve high marks just for trying hard.", "Why students put a lot of efforts in their studies."], ["Those who are active in the activities can get an award.", "Only by playing an important role in the activities can you get an award.", "An award is prepared for anyone who performs best in the activities.", "Whoever takes part in the activities can get an award."], ["Effort can lead to good results.", "Effort is very necessary.", "Effort and results are quite different.", "No good results, effort is unnecessary."]], "questions": ["What does the passage mainly discuss?", "Which of the following opinions do social critics agree to about children's activities?", "What does the former assistant want to tell students with the example of the baseball player?"], "article": "Would you want a doctor who got high marks in medical school just for trying hard? Apparently many college students would have no problem with that. They believe students are owed a good grade simply because they put a lot of effort into a class.\nThe researchers asked more than 800 undergraduates if they agreed or disagreed with some statements. For example: \"If I have completed most of the reading for a class, I deserve a B in that course.\" And: \"A professor should not be annoyed with me if I receive an important call during class.\"\nJust 16 percent thought it was OK to take that phone call. But 66 percent agreed that a professor should consider effort and not just the quality of a student's work when deciding grades. And 40 percent thought they should get a B, the second highest mark, just because they did most of the reading for class.\nSome experts are not surprised that students often see no difference between effort and results. Social critics like to say that in children's activities these days everyone gets an award just for trying, so no one will feel rejected.\nYet competition to get into the best colleges is fiercer than ever. Students may worry that low grades will keep them out of graduate school or a good job.\nAnd there may be another explanation: pressure from parents to get a good return on the family's investment. These days, college can cost more than a house.\nA former teaching assistant recently wrote to the New York Times about his experience with grade expectations. He would try to explain it this way when students asked for a top grade just for studying hard in chemistry class:\nWhat if a baseball player came to spring training and worked harder than all the others, but still could not play well? Would the team accept him anyway, just because he tried so hard?\nThe students would say no. But most of them would still ask for an A.", "id": "high3425.txt"}