{"answers": ["D", "A", "B", "C"], "options": [["criticize non-tolerant and cold-hearted rich people", "enlarge the scene of the film", "make the film more attractive", "emphasize the condition of the poor at that time"], ["They were used to show the difference between the rich and the poor.", "The director was determined to achieve good visual effect.", "The social status was represented by the color of light in the past.", "The use of light was the main technique the director made use of."], ["The segregation problem in the society can be solved by using the light.", "Though love is the main theme of Titanic, it also reflects some social problems.", "Because of the director's talents, the film Titanic achieved great success.", "In the film Titanic there are two characters altogether."], ["the process of shooting Titanic", "the leading actor and actress in Titanic", "the reasons why Titanic became a blockbuster film", "the outline of Titanic"]], "questions": ["In Titanic, the scene of the lower class people remaining locked in the basement as the ship goes down is used to   _  .", "Why were different colours of light used in the film Titanic?   _", "What can we infer from the passage?   _", "The writer mainly talks about   _   in this passage."], "article": "The _ film Titanic has brought millions of dollars and thousands of people to the theaters and continues to touch people today in their homes. Why is this film so successful? It is a combination of many different things. Among these are many different elements. Looking at some of these elements will show how the director and others involved were able to create an emotionally charged movie that appealed to millions.\nThe film uses one thematic  element called - The Truth of Human Nature. The two main characters seem to represent noble people. Most of the other characters in the film are shown as non-tolerant, rude and cold-hearted people. The element of focusing on the two main characters' love and emotion seems symbolic of an ideal state.\nThere are also social problems addressed. This is done in a few different ways. The most noticeable way is that the lower class people remain locked in the basement as the ship goes down. Throughout Titanic, the lighting is very important. The poor, lower class people are always shown in very warm-coloured light that gives them a sense of life and happiness. On the other hand, the rich, upper class are always shown in a flat light portraying the feeling of hardness and coldness. By using these techniques, they show the issue of class segregation , and they create stereotypes. The main characters are able to break free of these stereotypes and be together. This is the solution to the segregation problem.\nAs you can see, Titanic took a lot of thinking and preparation to film in a manner that would create emotion and bring to the surface the issues and story of the great ship.", "id": "high3430.txt"}