{"answers": ["A", "D", "C", "B"], "options": [["Helen was always willing to accept challenges.", "Jane won the first prize in the speech competition.", "Jerry picked up French during his stay in Paris.", "Father's salary rose from 5,000 to 7,000."], ["being cautious  with changes", "having little interest in new things", "staying away from failures and challenges", "having an open mind to new experiences"], ["We are trapped and injured.", "Our body is trapped and stops growing.", "We get stuck in what we are doing and can not achieve real growth.", "We can't protect ourselves and are trapped by others."], ["Facing New Challenges", "Growth--Product or Process", "Two Basic Ways of Growth", "Overcoming Fears"]], "questions": ["Which of the following can be viewed as the process of personal growing?", "For personal growth, the writer is in favor of   _  .", "How do you understand the last sentence of this passage?", "Which of the following would be the best title for the text?"], "article": "There are two basic ways to see growth: one as a product, the other as a process. People have generally viewed personal growth as a result or product that can easily be identified   and measured. The worker who gets a rise, the student whose grades improve, the foreigner who learns a new language--all these are examples of people who have measurable results to show for their efforts.\nBy contrast, the process of personal growth is much more difficult to determine, since it is a journey and not the specific signposts or landmarks along the way. The process is not the road itself, but rather the attitudes and feelings people have, their caution or courage, as they meet with new experiences and unexpected obstacles  . In this process, the journey never really ends; there are always new ways to experience the world, new ideas to try, new challenges to accept.\nIn order to grow, to travel new roads, people need to have a willingness to take risks, to face the unknown, and to accept the possibility that they may \"fail\" at first. How we see ourselves as we try a new way of being is extremely important to our ability to grow. Do we notice ourselves as quick and curious? If so, then we tend to take more chances and to be more open to unfamiliar experiences. Do we think we're shy and indecisive? Then our sense of fear can cause us to hesitate, to move slowly, and we think we're slow to adapt to change or that we're not smart enough to deal with a new challenge. Then we are likely to take a more passive role or not try at all.\nThese feelings of insecurity   and self-doubt are both unavoidable and necessary if we are to change and grow. If we protect ourselves too much, then we stop growing. We become trapped inside a shell of our own making.", "id": "high345.txt"}