{"answers": ["B", "C", "A", "D"], "options": [["every kid should be taught at home", "what homeschooling is and how it works", "the advantages and disadvantages of homeschooling", "homeschooled kids should go out to do volunteer work"], ["It shouldn't be encouraged at all.", "It is not a good way to get educated.", "It can offer kids what suits their needs.", "It is only good for the kids who can't go to school."], ["students all should cooperate with their teachers", "students don't feel lonely", "students all have many classmates", "studenls all have more opportunities to get out"], ["They can get more benefits from homeschooling.", "They can't go to school because of their bad health.", "They can learn something that is not taught in school.", "They escape from school because they hate going to school"]], "questions": ["The passage mainly tells us   _  .", "What does the author think of homeschooling?", "The similarity of homeschooling and learning at school is that   _  .", "Which of the following should NOT belong to the reasons why kids get homeschooled?"], "article": "When you learn reading, nlath, and other subjects taught in school from your parents or teaehers who come to your house, it's called homeschooling. A kid may be the only one, or he may be taught with brothers, sisters, or kids from the neighborhood.\nParents choose to homeschool their children for many different reasons. Sometimes a kid is sick and can't go to regular school. But more often, kids are homeschooled beeause their parents feel they can give their children a better education than the local school can. Patents also may choose homeschooling because they want their children's education to include religious   instruction, which isn't offered at puhlie schools.\nIf you don't like school, homeschooling might seem like the perfect solution. But it's better for everyone if homeschooling isn't chosen just as an escape from school or prohlems there. Finding solutions to the problem should be the first step.\nKids who are homeschooled may benefit from the one-on-one attention. For example, if you don't understand something in math, the whole class won't he moving on without you. You might be the whole class! It's also possible that you might learn more than you would in a regular classroom, because if you really good at something, you can keep learning more at your own pace.\nKids who are homeschooled also may get out in their communities more than other kids. They may get to experience hands-on education at museums, libraries, businesses and other community resources. They also might volunteer or take part in \"service learning\" where they take on local projects.\nNo matter where a child goes to school, the key to learning is listening to the teacher and asking for help when you need it. A homeschooled child might feel more comfortable with his teacher (a parent), but the child still needs to pay attention and cooperate. Just like in a traditional school, teachers and students need to work together to achieve goals in the classroom.", "id": "high3454.txt"}