{"answers": ["C", "B"], "options": [["To advise friends to be loyal even in competition.", "To expose the weak side of friendship when tested.", "To support the author's own argument on competition.", "To persuade people to beat others, even friends."], ["realize we are living in a world of competition", "face competition in a balanced state of mind", "have a strong sense of being a possible winner", "value friendship however fierce competition may be"]], "questions": ["Why is the story of two friends told in the passage?", "As a whole the passage advises the readers to  _  ."], "article": "We live in a very competitive world. Everybody seems to be competing with someone at some level. Each week we spend hours playing or watching others compete in sporting activities all over the world. We cannot help being impressed by the level of excellence that these people achieve.\nIn sport and business, competition encourages excellence in performance. Where there is no competition, improvement in performance is less likely. Some level of competition is a have-to in all aspects of life.\nThe following story makes this point.\nAs two friends are hiking in the forest they come across a huge, ferocious and obviously hungry bear. Its next meal has just come into sight, and they are it! The first friend calculates that the bear will catch them in 27.3 seconds. At that point, she panics, realizing there is no escape. She faces her friend, with the fear of death in her eyes. To her amazement, she observes that her friend is not scared at all. On the contrary, her friend is quickly but calmly taking off her hiking boots and putting on running shoes. \"What do you think you're doing?\" the first hiker says to her companion. \"You'll never be able to run faster than that bear\". \"That's true,\" says the companion, \"but all I have to do is escape, faster than you.\"\nWe all compete when the motivation is strong enough. However, competition is not the real purpose of life. Fulfilling the measure of our creation can only be achieved individually.\nMost of time, we are not in competition with any other person, so we do not have to compare ourselves with others. There is only one person that can fulfill our role and that is us. This means that others cannot beat us to the finish line because there is no race. This is not to say that others do not have a similar role to us, but it is never the same. This is important to understand if we are going to enjoy life. Every human being is unique and cannot be cloned. In this, I am not referring to the body, only to the spirit, soul, or the essence of a person.", "id": "high3476.txt"}