{"answers": ["C", "B", "A", "D"], "options": [["received bad education in her childhood", "spent a happy and lucky childhood", "moved to America with her family at eleven", "decided to be a doctor due to her father's death"], ["she was a woman", "she had a serious eye problem", "she went to Paris for further education", "she didn't go to medical school"], ["the U.S.", "Paris", "England", "Geneva"], ["She built the first hospital for women and children with others.", "She became the first woman doctor in the U.S.", "She set up the first medical school for women in the world.", "She built a medal for women with excellent achievements in medicine."]], "questions": ["According to the passage, Elizabeth Blackwell   _  .", "Elizabeth Blackwell could not become a surgeon because   _  .", "Elizabeth Blackwell spent most of her life in   _  .", "Which of the following is NOT TRUE about Elizabeth Blackwell?"], "article": "Elizabeth Blackwell was born on February 3, 1821 in Bristol, England. Her father was a rich sugar businessman at the time. Because her parents thought boys and girls should be equal, Elizabeth received the same education as her brothers.\nIn 1832, her father's business was destroyed by fire, so her family moved to New York City. But her father's business there failed. Then in 1837, the family moved to Cincinnati, Ohio. Not long after, her father died. After her father's death, Elizabeth, at the age of 16, had to go to work.\nWhen she was 24, she visited her dying friend Mary. Her friend said, \"You're young and strong, you should become a doctor.\" That was nearly impossible for a woman in the middle of the nineteenth century. But she knew this was what she was going to do.\nAfter several rejections from medical schools, she finally was accepted by Geneva Medical College. By studying hard, she graduated successfully in 1849.\nAfter graduating from medical school, she went to Paris to learn more about medicine. She wanted to be a surgeon, but a serious eye problem forced her to give up the idea.\nWhen she returned to America in 1851, she found it difficult to start her own practice because she was a woman. In 1857, Elizabeth and her sister, also a doctor, along with another woman doctor, managed to open a new hospital, the first for women and children. Besides, she also set up the first medical school for women in 1868, where she taught the women students about disease prevention. It was the first time that the idea of preventing disease was taught in a medical school.\nElizabeth Blackwell started the British National Health Society in 1871, which helped people learn how to stay healthy. In 1889, Elizabeth Blackwell became the first woman doctor in the United States. Most importantly, she fought for the admission of women to medical colleges.\nElizabeth Blackwell died on May 3, 1910, when she was 89.She opened a world of chances for women. She always fought for what was right in all her life. In 1949 the Blackwell medal was established. It's given to women who have excellent achievements in the field of medicine. She'll always be remembered as a great woman.", "id": "high3477.txt"}