{"answers": ["A", "D", "C"], "options": [["To play various educational games.", "To figure out the BASIC code.", "To get the knowledge of algebra.", "To read some latest news."], ["Success and wealth", "Education and self-confidence.", "Knowledge and achievements", "Enthusiasm and good health."], ["it's very easy to learn the BASIC code", "he has always been happy since his childhood", "concentrating on what you love makes you happy", "one can solve any problem in life by himself"]], "questions": ["What did the writer's teacher ask the students to do on the computer?", "According to the author, what can lead a person to be happy?", "The author uses his own experience of being happy in order to tell us   _  ."], "article": "I remember the first time that I was extremely happy. I was about 8 years old when for the first time, there was a computer in the classroom. I remember that my teacher allowed each student to take turns playing various educational games on the computer. One day, I found the source code   for one of these games. Without knowing or being taught any programming language, I was able to figure out some _ of the BASIC code.\nAnyone who knows a bit of programming can tell you that I just give myself an infinite   number of lives in the game, so I can continue playing forever. This was also my first introduction to algebra  , and I didn't even know it at the time. This was a decisive   moment in my life. For the first time that I can remember, I was quite happy because of what I was learning and what I was able to do. As a result, I became enthusiastic for the rest of my life about self-learning and computers, and I was quite happy doing them, too.\nI've noticed that people who are truly content with life are enthusiastic in what they do. This enthusiasm, along with good health, is the key to being happy. It also leads to self-confidence and fulfillment in life, too. It may also lead to success, wealth, and achievements.\nYes, success, wealth, or achievements seem to bring some people happiness, too. Yet, I don't think they can indeed make people happy. I know plenty of people who are successful and wealthy. However, I also know several of the people with successful businesses are not happy with what they are doing. I know people who continuously buy themselves new toys, cars, computers, and televisions, yet they never seem content for too long.\nPlease remember that happiness comes from enthusiasm, and happiness is the journey of life, not the destination.", "id": "high3483.txt"}