{"answers": ["D", "D"], "options": [["A New Company Called Microchips", "A New Way to Take Medicine Every Day", "Good News for Women with Osteoporosis", "Taking Medicine, with Microchip under Skin"], ["Arts.", "Jobs.", "Sports.", "Medicine."]], "questions": ["The best title for the passage should be   _  .", "In which column of a newspaper could we find this passage?"], "article": "Researchers in the United States have developed the first wirelessly controlled device that can supply a drug directly into the body. A small chip is implanted   under the skin. It contains the medicine, which it releases at preset times. The developers say the device could improve the lives of millions of people who take medicine for long-term illnesses. A company calledMicrochips began developing the device about fifteen years ago. Last month, the company _ the results of its first successful tests in humans. The tests took place in Denmark with seven women with osteoporosis .\nOsteoporosis causes bones to become weak and break easily. The disorder is common among older people especially women. Many patients have to give themselves daily injection of medicine. One type of treatment requires injections for two years. The patients stop taking the medicine because of the pain and stress of the injections. As a result, only twenty-five percent of the patients will go through the entire twenty-four months of treatment.\nThe microchip is a few centimeters long. It has small sections and each section holds a single dose of medicine. The device has to be programmed with the times to release the drug. Doctors will be able to reprogram the device from a computer or even a cell phone.\nFor osteoporosis, the physician will program the device, and the device has the ability to release a dose at a given time, every single day. For other diseases, where the physician may want to change the dosing schedule, they will have the ability to wirelessly reprogram that dosing schedule.\nThe seven women in the study were ages of sixty-five to seventy. The researchers say the implants were just as effective as daily injections. And they say the medicine amounts were more exact than patients often give themselves.", "id": "high3484.txt"}