{"answers": ["D", "C", "D", "C"], "options": [["Her own beauty.", "Her wealth.", "Her family.", "The iron-ore industry."], ["She was 58 yeas old.", "She was 62 years old.", "She was 38 years old.", "She was 36 years old."], ["stepping into the media industry", "transforming the leases into profit earning mines", "working together with other companies to raise capital", "focusing on mining-related explorations and accumulation of vast mining leases"], ["Poorly-educated.", "Stubborn.", "Hardworking.", "Modest."]], "questions": ["According to Gina Rinehart, what makes her successful and famous?", "How old was Gina Rinehart when she succeeded her father?", "After being the Executive Chairman, Gina Rinehart made several reforms EXCEPT   _  .", "Which of the following can best describe Gina Rinehart?"], "article": "There is only one winner and in this case it is Gina Rinehart who has won it all. In her own words,\"beauty is an iron mine\", Gina suggested her recipe for glory and fame. She has been announced as the richest woman of the world by BRW (formerly Business Review Weekly) in May 2012. Let's read more about her life and journey to the top.\nGeorgina \"Gina\" Hope Rinehart was born on 9th February, 1954 in Perth, Western Australia, to Hope Margaret Nicholas and Lang Hancock, the mining king. Her father discovered one of the world's biggest reserves in the early 1950s. Gina gained lots of knowledge of the iron-ore industry while working with her father. She married an Englishman Greg Milton, at the age of 19 and together they had two children, John Langley and Bianca Hope. Soon the marriage broke off and she remarried in 1983. Frank Rinehart and Gina had two children: Ginia and Hope. Frank died in 1990. Since then, Gina has devoted herself to her work and empire.\nShe was the sole heir   of her family's wealth. Then after her father died in 1992, she started her professional career as the Executive Chairman of Hancock Prospecting Pty Limited (HPPL) and other privately owned group of companies. At that time, the company centered its functioning to mining-related explorations and accumulation of vast mining leases  . From there, Rinehart worked her way towards transforming the leases into profit earning mines. She also worked together with other companies to raise capital. Her efforts made the business increase three times in 2011 as much as before.\nAt home, Rinehart was working to expand the family business, but she did not satisfy herself with it. In 2010, she stepped into the media industry by acquiring 10% stake   in Ten Network Holdings. Afterwards, she went on to hold stake in Fairfax Media, proving that mining is not her only interest. In June 2012, by increasing her stake in Fairfax to 18.67%, she became the largest stakeholder in the company. With this, she now stands at the head of $US 29.3 billion worth of an empire. Two new projects related to the mining sector in Central Queensland and Roy Hill are expected to begin in 2013.\nGina Rinehart has made her way from being Australia's Richest Woman to Australia's Richest Person and then to World's Richest Woman.", "id": "high3485.txt"}