{"answers": ["B", "C"], "options": [["when he opened his mouth to have some food", "when he opened his mouth as he was swimming", "The moment he got into the sea to start swimming", "when he was having his holiday at the sea side"], ["three hours", "almost a year", "several months", "25 years"]], "questions": ["Roy Jones lost his false teeth   _   .", "Jane Bentley's wedding ring was missing for   _   before it was found."], "article": "A few years ago, an Englishman called Roy Jones went on holiday to a small seaside town in the west of England. He was swimming in the sea one day when, as he opened his mouth, his false teeth fell out and floated away. The following year, Mr. Jones returned to the same town. As he was having dinner in a local cafe one evening, he mentioned the story of his lost teeth to the manager. The manager looked surprised. He explained that he had found a set of false teeth on the beach last month. Then he asked Roy Jones if he wanted to try them on. \"OK\", said Mr. Jones. \"I suppose it won't do any harm.\" When the manager brought him the teeth, Mr. Jones put them into his mouth, and laughed and laughed. They were his.\nIn 1987, an American couple called Jane and Robert Bentley went for a picnic on a beach in California. When they returned home, Mrs. Bentley realized that she had lost her wedding ring. It wasn't a lot of money but it was valuable to Jane Bentley. The Bentleys drove straight back to the beach, and searched for the ring for three hours, but could not find it. A few months later, Mr. Bentley went fishing off the same beach. As he pulled a large crab out of the sea, he noticed that there was something attached to one of its claws. It was his wife's wedding ring!\nAt the end of the 19thcentury, a young woman called Rose Harcourt was on her honeymoon in Barmouth, North Wales, when she lost a gold bracelet her husband had given her as a wedding gift. Feeling very upset, she went straight to the police stations and asked if anyone had found her bracelet. Unfortunately, no one had. Twenty-five years later, the Harcourts returned to Barmouth _ They were sitting on the beach one day when Mrs. Harcourt noticed something gold in the sand by the edge of the sea. She walked down to see what it was, and discovered her gold bracelet that had been missing for 25 years.", "id": "high3517.txt"}