{"answers": ["D", "C", "B"], "options": [["Limit the speed of the Internet services.", "Sacrifice things such as school and family.", "Spend more and more time online.", "Care much for the young and improve their ability to get along with others."], ["the demand for online services continues to grow", "China is fighting a battle against online games", "the problems caused by online games don't just exist in South Korea", "in the year 2004 there were a total of 13.8 million Chinese visiting the Internet"], ["Internet Problem", "Addiction to online Game", "Problem People in the World", "Online Game Can Control People"]], "questions": ["According to Dr SueHuei Chen, what can we do to prevent game addiction?", "We can conclude from the passage that   _  .", "What's the best title for the passage?"], "article": "In today's Internet age, the demand for online games continues to grow. Online computer game centers exist in many cities and towns throughout Asia. Facing the pressures of school and life, people tend to the virtual world, expecting a diversion from these problems. Too often, however, they can lead to problems and unhealthy addictions.\nThis is most clearly seen in the example of South Korea. The country has the world's highest percentage of highspeed Internet services. It also has a high number of online game players and related problems. It was once reported that a young man collapsed   and died while playing online games. He had been playing almost nonstop for 86 hours at an Internet cafe. Another young man killed his sister after becoming confused between the online world and real life. A 12yearold boy stole US $ 16000 from his father and ran away from home. He did this to continue his obsession    with online game. Such problems, however, don't just happen in South Korea. They are spreading to other parts of Asia, as well.\nWhat kinds of people develop online game addiction? What does the problem look like? Dr SueHuei Chen, a clinical psychologist, researches Internet addiction. She discovered some signs of atrisk individuals such as lack friendship and good social skills. Those problem individuals feel it so compulsive to play online games that they could sacrifice things such as school and family. They feel the need to spend more and more time online. And they become upset if anyone tries to limit their online game playing.\nHow many problem game players are there? In mainland China, the potential number of problem online gamers is alarming. Just in 2004, China has had 13.8 million online game players according to China Daily. Furthermore, it stated that 80 percent of these were under 25 and had signs of addiction. Such numbers point toward a growing problem among Chinese youth.\nMake sure to keep control over your online game playing. If you don't control it, it can get control of you.", "id": "high3524.txt"}