{"answers": ["D", "B", "D", "B", "D"], "options": [["Helen Keller was born blind and deaf.", "She first became blind and then deaf.", "She became blind and deaf in 1880.", "She became blind and deaf sometime about January 1882."], ["Helen became blind and deaf because she suffered from a high fever.", "Helen became blind before she could see anything.", "Helen became deaf before she realized how important it was to be able to hear and speak.", "Helen, too, wanted to touch with others with speech."], ["her parents' help", "the manual alphabet Miss Sullivan used in teaching her", "the help she got when she was studying for a university degree", "her hard work, cleverness and will-power as well as Sullivan's great efforts"], ["an able student", "a writer", "the greatest woman in modern times", "a student who took a university degree in English literature"], ["She was growing older", "She was cut off from others", "she, too, wanted to express her ideas and feelings but she could not", "she was almost seven years old and yet they were not sure whether they could find a suitable teacher for her"]], "questions": ["Which of the following statements is TRUE?", "Which of the following statements is NOT TRUE?", "Helen was finally successful mainly because of  _  .", "Helen Keller finally became  _  .", "Helen Keller's parents were greatly worried because  _  ."], "article": "Helen Keller was born in America in June, 1880. Everything was all right when she was born. But when she was 19 months old, an attack of fever left her blind and deaf for the rest of her life. She was so young when she became blind that as she grew older she did not remember being able to see; and she became deaf before she had any idea of the importance of human speech. She lived in darkness and silence.\nAs she grew older, she, too, wanted to express her ideas and feelings. But she realized she was cut off from others. Her parents were greatly worried. How could anyone make touch with Helen's mind and intelligence in darkness and silence without speech? Helen was nearly seven before a teacher was found. Her name was Miss Sullivan.\nMiss Sullivan had a lot of difficulties in teaching Helen Keller. As the child could neither see nor hear, she had to use manual alphabet. But Helen's energy and intelligence and strong spirit as well as Miss Sullivan's skill and patience, overcame all the difficulties. As Helen grew up, she became an able student, passed examination and finally took a university degree in English literature. She then devoted all herself to helping the blind and the deaf. Her personal success, together with the work she had done for others, made her one of the greatest women in modern times. She wrote many books and \"The Story of My Life\"is a wonderful one.", "id": "high3526.txt"}