{"answers": ["A", "C", "D", "B", "D"], "options": [["Let's Go to the Beach!", "How to Enjoy Your Holidays", "Welcome to Britain!", "How to Travel in Britain"], ["geography book", "storybook", "travel guide", "news magazine"], ["Black pool.", "Brighton.", "South Cornwall.", "North Cornwall."], ["In Brighton you can satisfy your appetite for shopping.", "In 1786, George IV decided to build a house there.", "There is an interesting pier in Brighton.", "You can enjoy yourself on the beautiful beaches."], ["there are no beaches in the east and west of Britain", "Black pool is the most famous place in the UK", "the pier is more interesting than the beaches in Brighton", "the climate in South Cornwall is attractive to many people"]], "questions": ["Which is the best title for this passage?", "We may find this passage in a   _  .", "If Andrew likes surfing, which is the best place for him to spend his holidays?", "Which is NOT the reason why Brighton is famous?", "From the passage we can infer that   _  ."], "article": "Most visitors come to the UK expecting the rain and weather for which the country is famous. However, when summer finally arrives, British people like nothing more than heading for the coast. Here are some of more famous places of interest that you could expect to visit on a trip to Britain. Black pool, in the northwest of England, is the most visited place in the UK. Each year around 6.5 to 7 million people come to enjoy the miles of sandy beaches, the 158m Black pool Tower and the 11km-long Golden Mile, where there are entertainments, pubs, ice rinks   and even a zoo. On the south coast of the country you can find Brighton. Until 1786, Brighton was a sleepy village. Then the future king, George IV, decided to build a house there, and now it has become a large, international centre. Apart from the beaches, Brighton is famous for its pier  . There are theatres, entertainments and restaurants there. Brighton is also fantastic for shopping. If you want to travel a little further, why not go to Corn-wall in the far southwest of the UK? South Cornwall offers miles of sandy beaches and beautiful scenery. The climate there is warmer than the rest of Britain, and you can even find palm trees. For a bit more excitement, go to North Cornwall. The scenery there is nicer, and the beaches are famous for their powerful waves. As a result, North Cornwall has become the home of British surfing. One word of warning though, if you are using the roads in the UK during holidays, you can expect long traffic jams on the motorways. It might be better to take the train.", "id": "high3543.txt"}