{"answers": ["A", "D"], "options": [["The author communicates with all the 35 friends by e-mails.", "There are 35 people in the author's list of friends right now.", "The list of 35 friends doesn't include the old e-mail addresses.", "It is not difficult for the author to increase his friend count."], ["The masterminds of Web 2.0 also sell walking sticks online.", "Taking a walking stick is a new way of making friends online.", "Convenience is dangerous for human communication.", "Convenience is not really good for human communication."]], "questions": ["Which of the following statements is NOT true?", "What does the writer mean by saying \"However, convenience can be a walking stick\"?"], "article": "Facebook means never having to say goodbye. The social media website has earned a reputation for reconnecting old friends. Last week, a guy whom I hadn't seen since my bachelor party five years ago sent me a friend request. I accepted and waited for \"Easy E\" to send me a greeting of some kind. He had sought me out, after all.\nI learned from his profile that he was in a relationship and had a son. However, I'm pretty sure we won't ever write wall-to-wall, let alone e-mail each other. But he'll remain a friend of online until one of us makes a point of removing the other from his official list.\nMy pool of friends consists of family members, college buddies, co-workers from past and present, and friends of friends. There are 35 in all. If I spent some time uploading old e-mail addresses, I'm confident that I could increase my friend count actually.\nA person could make a mission out of reconnecting with childhood friends, former classmates, distant cousins, and those one would like to get to know better. And some people can even handle hundreds of on-screen relationships, keeping up with the daily happenings of their small army of companions. After all, there are worse fates than having too many friends.\nThanks to e-mail, the inability to schedule face-to-face meetings no longer means a friendship must come to a close. But even with e-mail, people will lose touch if one or both parties stop writing back. That's normal. People move from school to school, job to job, city to city. You never have to feel guilty for breaking away.\nEvery day, the masterminds of Web 2.0 find new ways of making human communication easier. _ . Some things shouldn't be simplified. When it comes to friendship, there can be no shortcuts.", "id": "high3556.txt"}