{"answers": ["C", "A", "D"], "options": [["He worked out a plan for his future.", "He reflected on the causes of his overweight.", "He decided to finish 10 rounds that morning.", "He planned to take exercises every day."], ["he didn't want to continue walking", "he found it easy to keep his promise", "he was enjoying walking in the park", "he was too tired to keep up with others"], ["The goal he kept in mind.", "His strong will to keep fit.", "The good figure he wanted.", "The people exercising in the park."]], "questions": ["What did the author do on his way to the park?", "When the author was walking the 5th round   _  .", "What inspired the author to finish 10 rounds that morning?"], "article": "During my review for the medical boards, I gained 101 pounds in four months and promised to exercise when all of this was over. I successfully passed the medical boards and _ .\nOne morning, I woke up and decided to go to a park to start working out. I got out of bed, washed my face, brushed my teeth and put on my sports shoes. Then I headed for the park. While going there, I decided to set a goal for myself, that, I had to finish 10 rounds before I went home.\nUpon reaching the park, I joined the people in walking around the park. I was enjoying every step, breathing in fresh air, appreciating the green grass and looking at the dried leaves falling from the trees while listening to my iPod.\nOn my 5th round, I felt tired, hungry and thirsty. I thought of giving it up, going home and sleeping again. As the idea battled in my mind, I was reminded about the goal I had set just a while ago. I kept on walking and as I looked around, I saw myself in the midst of men and women much older than me who continued to move on. Some even suffered from a stroke  that had difficulty walking, some took on small steps with a cane on hand and some took on pauses before they continued their walk but still they kept on walking.\nSuddenly I realized that each of us has set our own goals in our lives, such as reaching a dream, building up a career, correcting a past mistake or starting a business. The process won't be easy. We may encounter  a lot of difficulties and obstacles that may push us to just give up.\nAmazed by the men and women whom I walked with that morning, I finished my goal in the end.\nLet us be inspired with the people around us who experience the same or even a greater amount of difficulty but still don't give up and continue until they reach their goals and now are savoring  their success.", "id": "high3577.txt"}