{"answers": ["B", "D", "C"], "options": [["they are disappointed with their children", "they were brought up just in the same way", "they don't want to hurt their children badly", "they don't know what to do with their children"], ["most people are used to wearing seat belts", "it's not difficult to change some negative habits", "seat belts are really very necessary and useful", "people won't change their old habits unless forced"], ["talk about a ban on using physical punishment", "tell us we should educate our children in other ways", "advise parents to give up using physical punishment", "suggest physical punishment should be used at home"]], "questions": ["Many parents won't give up physical punishment because   _  .", "The author gives the example of using seat belts in order to show   _  .", "The main purpose of the author in writing this passage is to   _  ."], "article": "There have been big changes in the attitudes of most parents over the last few years. Physical punishment is banned in schools in most countries, and in many countries, there are moves to ban all physical punishment of children even at home. However, many parents still believe that they have the right to use some physical punishments to deal with certain misbehavior at certain ages.\nIt's easy to find reasons to allow some physical punishments. One issue is that many parents find it very difficult to abandon physical punishment completely. Parents argue that this was the way they were brought up and that it didn't do any harm to them. They believe that for the child's sake they have the right to discipline the child in any way they consider fit, including using some physical punishments. The other one is that physical punishment can be quick and effective. There is not much point reasoning with a screaming child in the supermarket.\nHowever, there are several reasons why we should stop using physical punishment. One point is that most parents are not trained to deal with misbehaving children. They don't have enough resources or choices to handle the situation. As a result, they immediately react by hitting the child even if there are other solutions to the problem. Another point is that unless people are challenged or forced to change their belief, they may keep following negative habits. An example is seat belt use --now most people wear seat belts without thinking, while years ago the idea of using seat belts was strange to most people. In the same way, banning physical punishment will force people to change their habits.\nIn conclusion, parents have to change some of their belief and ideas about how children should be raised. It is possible to avoid the use of physical force, and doing so will help us move closer to the dream of removing violence from our society.", "id": "high3589.txt"}