{"answers": ["B", "C", "A"], "options": [["should be avoided", "is universal among parents", "sets up dangerous states of worry in the child", "will make the child lose interest in learning new things"], ["should encourage them to read before they know the meaning of the words they read", "should expect a lot of the children", "should achieve a balance between pushing them too hard and leaving them on their own", "should create as many learning opportunities as possible"], ["follow the rules themselves", "be aware of the huge difference between adults and children", "forbid things which have no foundation in morality", "always ensure the security of their children"]], "questions": ["Eagerly watching the child's acquisition of new skills,   _  .", "In the process of children's learning new skills, parents   _  .", "In terms of moral matters, parents should   _  ."], "article": "In bringing up children, every parent watches eagerly the child's acquisition   of each new skill -- the first spoken words, the first independent steps, or the beginning of reading and writing. It is often tempting to hurry the child beyond his natural learning rate, but this can set up dangerous feelings of failure and states of worry in the child. This might happen at any stage. A baby might be forced to use a toilet too early, a young child might be encouraged to learn to read before he knows the meaning of the words he reads. On the other hand, though, if a child is left alone too much, or without any learning opportunities, he loses his natural enthusiasm for life and his desire to find out new things for himself.\nParents vary greatly in their degree of strictness towards their children. Some may be especially strict in money matters. Others are severe over time of coming home at night or punctuality for meals. In general, the controls represent the needs of the parents and the values of the community as much as the child's own happiness.\nAs regards the development of moral standards in the growing child, consistency  is very important in parental teaching. To forbid a thing one day and excuse it the next is no foundation for morality  . Also, parents should realize that \"example is better than _ \". If they are not sincere and do not practice what they preach  , their children may grow confused when they grow old enough to think for themselves, and realize they have been to some extent fooled.\nA sudden awareness of a marked difference between their parents' principles and their morals can be a dangerous disappointment.", "id": "high3595.txt"}