{"answers": ["D", "B"], "options": [["Joey is just like other boys in Mary's class.", "Mary's mother influences her a lot in singing.", "Not many people have a dream to be realized.", "The MP3 player helps Joey in finding Mary."], ["an introduction to a novel", "a review about a film", "a passage about dreams", "an advertisement of Cinderella"]], "questions": ["What can we infer from the passage?", "The passage is mainly about   _  ."], "article": "Few of us haven't read Cinderella , the story of a young woman living in poverty who meets the prince of her dreams. Some might not want to admit it, but there is a hidden Cinderella in everyone's heart--we all wish we could achieve recognition or success after a period of obscurity . Mary Santiago has that secret dream, too. Her story is featured  in Another Cinderella Story, a film set in a US high school.\nMary is shy but loves to dance. Compared with other girls, she is invisible. However, her world changes completely when a famous teenager pop singer, Joey Parker, appears. Joey is everything the rest of the boys in her class are not--kind, handsome and desirable. Mary and Joey's paths cross at a ball. They meet and fall in love with each other. But when Mary has to rush back home, she leaves behind her MP3 player, which becomes the only clue Joey has to find the girl of his dreams. Of course, there is a wicked  stepmother, who turns out to be Dominique Blatt and she takes in Mary after her dancer mother dies. Dominique treats Mary like a maid and does everything she can to make sure Mary doesn't get into the top dance school. Her two daughters are equally determined to stop Joey falling for Mary, even if that means embarrassing her.\nThe story, though it mostly follows Cinderella, does add a few modern day twists to the classic fairy tale. Refreshingly, the film, unlike many high school films, does not focus on looks, although the actors are all beautiful. There is also a lot less materialism in Another Cinderella Story than in many similar movies.\n\"The movie takes the Cinderella fairytale as its jumping off point,\" writes movie critic Amber Wilkinson, \"The focus is firmly on following your dream.\"", "id": "high3598.txt"}