{"answers": ["A", "B", "A"], "options": [["how to balance friendship and work", "how to spend our spare time", "whether we should keep friendship", "whether we should invite friends to dinner"], ["you spend too much time seeking material joys in your life", "you feel it difficult to keep friendship", "you stick to doing everything all by yourself", "you never refuse whatever other people ask you to do"], ["Too busy for Friendship?", "Too busy with work?", "How to Spend Your Time", "How to Make New Friends"]], "questions": ["In this passage the author mainly discusses   _  .", "The reason why you have become too busy for friends may be the following except that   _  .", "Which would be the best title for the text?"], "article": "If you feel at present that you don't have enough friends in your life, one reason may be that you have let yourself become too busy to make time for the relationships you already have. Starting and keeping friendship require effort and commitment(,,).\nMany of us let our lives become so busy with work and other commitments that we don't get around to scheduling time for pleasure and renewal   with the friends, relatives and acquaintances we already have.\nMaking the effort to call your friends more regularly and to accept more of the invitations you receive from others can improve your social life in a hurry!\nAre there any people you could call right now and be assured of a pleasant welcome? Are there people that you could depend on to help you in time of difficulty? Can you have close talks with them? Do you have fun when you are together? Are you happy to have them in your life?\nIf you haven't seen much of them lately, is it because you have become too busy? Have you grown apart? Was there an argument?\nIf the main reason you haven't been getting together with the people you already know is that you have gotten too busy, take a good look at how you spend your time. Compare it with your real values and priorities  in life. Is your busy lifestyle really bringing you the quality of life that you want?\nIf you have become too busy for friends, why has this happened? Are you seeking material joys in your life at the expense of relationships with other human beings? Have you allowed your time to be over-committed because you never say ''No\" to anyone? Do you insist on doing things yourself that could be _ o others? If so, why? Do you believe that everything depends on you?\nExamine whether the way you are now spending your time exactly reflects your deepest values and priorities. Make sure that you schedule enough time for the things that are truly most important to you.\nIf you really want to keep friends in your life, make a space in your schedule, and a space in your heart for them.", "id": "high360.txt"}