{"answers": ["A", "C", "B", "B"], "options": [["How to adapt  to a new environment", "how to live in Australia happily", "how to study in a new environment", "how to avoid being nervous"], ["Because they are surprised at everything they see.", "Because buildings are very beautiful.", "Because culture shock does have a great effect on them.", "Because they have to learn something quickly."], ["have the ability to get along well with others", "can know more about the new culture", "can consider the stress to be normal", "are humorous and have a good mood"], ["Your efforts.", "Your attitude.", "Your feelings.", "Your humor."]], "questions": ["This passage mainly tells us   _  .", "Why do people have many kinds of feelings in a new country?", "The stress may disappear slowly as you   _  .", "Which of the following is the most important thing in dealing with culture shock?"], "article": "When you leave home to go and live somewhere else, you naturally take your own personality and cultural ways with you. When you arrive in a new country with a different culture you can experience different kinds of feelings and reactions. For example, you may feel confused and nervous, and like to depend on others.\nIf you do experience these things, then you are probably experiencing culture shock. For example, coming to Australia from another country certainly gives you a chance to face many new things: the buildings look different, and the food is not what you are used to. You may not be able to speak with other people confidently.\nLearning to function effectively in a new culture is not easy. Meanings in cross-cultural situations are often unclear. This can be stressful because you are not sure what others expect of you or what you can expect of them. In these situations it is natural to feel anxious and frustrated . If you recognize that these feelings are a normal part of the experience of living away from \"home\", you may be able to deal with them more efficiently. Your sense of humor and openness will also help. As you gain greater understanding of the new culture, you can expect the stress to disappear.\nDealing with culture shock needs a special effort, but it is the most important to remember that you are not alone in your feelings of distress. Most people in their first weeks and months in a new country experience similar reactions.", "id": "high3603.txt"}