{"answers": ["A", "C", "D"], "options": [["It lives on red sea fans only.", "It swims very quickly.", "It lives nine feet deep.", "It usually floats in mid-water."], ["she felt extremely nervous", "her camera didn't work well", "the guide helped focus the camera", "the sea horse was swimming away"], ["To study the natural habitat of sea animals.", "To explain why sea horses are endangered.", "To tell us how to be an underwater photographer.", "To show us how she took pictures of a sea horse."]], "questions": ["What do we learn about the red pygmy sea horse?", "While the author was taking pictures of the sea horse,  _  .", "Why did the author write the passage?"], "article": "While I was on a trip to Papua New Guinea to take underwater photographs, I asked a local dive guide to help me find a pygmy sea horse . I wanted to take a picture of it. These sea horses can be red or yellow-and-orange. The red pygmy sea horse lives on only one type of coral, a red sea fan that grows at depths below ninety feet.\nThis depth made the job even tougher. As the pressure on my body increased, I had to breathe harder, which used my air supply faster. So the deeper I dived, the shorter my time underwater.\nI had a lot to do. First, I had to find the pygmy sea horse's special type of fan .Then I had to look over the whole fan with my magnifying glass  to see if a sea horse lived on it. If not, I had to find another fan--all the while keeping an eye on my oxygen supply. The second fan rewarded me with a find. The dive guide held the magnifying glass so I could have my first look at the tiny fish.\nMy next challenge was to focus my camera on such a small subject. The dive guide pointed at the tiny creature. I looked through the viewfinder  on my large underwater camera housing , found the guide's finger, and followed it to the sea horse.\nIt was hard to hold ourselves steady because both of us were floating in mid-water, but our system worked. I could hardly contain my excitement as I focused on the eyes of the cutest sea horse imaginable.", "id": "high3605.txt"}