{"answers": ["D", "B", "D"], "options": [["will soon die out completely", "were once a relative of English", "are the same as before", "come from the same family"], ["Chinese", "English", "Spanish", "German"], ["English", "Changes of English", "Chinese", "Knowledge of Language"]], "questions": ["Many European and Indian languages   _  .", "_   seems to have changed a lot", "The best title of this passage is  _  ."], "article": "Throughout history, people have been interested in knowing how language first began, but no one knows exactly where or how this happened. However, we do know a lot about languages, the languages of today and also the languages of earlier times. There are probably about three thousand languages in the world today. Chinese is the language with the most speakers. English, Russian and Spanish are also spoken by many millions of people. On the other hand, some languages in the world have less than one hundred speakers.\nThere are several important families of languages in the world. For example, most of the languages of Europe are in one large family called Indo-European. The original   language of this family was spoken about 4,500 years ago. Many of the present day languages of Europe and India are modern forms of the language of 4,500 years ago.\nLanguages are always changing. The English of today is very different from the English of 500 years ago. In time some even die out completely. About 1,000 years ago English was a little -known relative of German spoken on one of the borders of Europe.\nIf a language has a lot of speakers or if it is very old, there may be differences in the way it is spoken in different areas. That is, the language may have several dialects. Chinese is a good example of dialect differences. Chinese has been spoken for thousands of years by many millions of speakers. The differences between the dialects of Chinese are so great that speakers of Chinese from some parts of China cannot understand speakers from other parts.", "id": "high361.txt"}