{"answers": ["D", "C", "B"], "options": [["Cats draw more attention from humans than dogs.", "Cats are friendlier to humans than dogs.", "Cats have more feelings than dogs.", "Cats show more feelings with tails than dogs."], ["safe", "sleepy", "anxious", "hungry"], ["get its tail well relaxed", "get a sense of safety", "show friendship to its owner", "warn strangers to keep off"]], "questions": ["According to the text, in which way are cats different from dogs?", "When a cat waves its tail strongly from side to side, it probably feels  _  .", "A cat wraps its tail around its body when sleeping to  _  ."], "article": "We can express our feelings and needs by using body language. Cats can do that too. The ways that cats use their tails to show their feelings and needs are interesting.\nUnlike dogs, which generally wave their tails to express good feelings, cats use their tails to send a lot of signals. When a cat waves its tail strongly from side to side, it may be a sign for us to leave it alone, or we may get scrathed  . Throwing a little toy for the cat to play with can get it relaxed. When a cat holds its tail upwards with a slight move, it means the animal is very happy to see its owner.\nWe all like to cuddle   inside our bed, and cats do that thing, too. Much as little children like to wrap (......) their arms around their Teddy Bears, cats like to wrap their own tails around their bodies to get a sense of safety while asleep. If we notice a cat sleeping in such a position, we should not break its peace.\nUsually the tip of the cat's tail doesn't draw our attention. But its particular position may also show the cat's feelings. For example, a cat holding the tip of its tail pointed downwards may try to say that it is not feeling comfortable. So at this point, the cat not only feels angry, but also unsafe. This may again be a sign for us not to upset the cat in any way.\nIn conclusion, cats use their tails in many different, sometimes funny ways to send us messages, and we can learn to know more.", "id": "high3627.txt"}