{"answers": ["B", "C"], "options": [["The author's children always ignore her.", "The author takes great care of the children in life.", "The author's children always make wrong decisions.", "The author always force her children to wear sweaters."], ["tell the readers how to ask for advice", "offer advice on how to teach children", "explain the importance of trusting others", "give advice on how to make decisions"]], "questions": ["What can be learned from the passage?", "The author writes this passage to  _  ."], "article": "This morning as I was getting the children ready or school, I helped them prepare breakfast and pack their lunches. I reviewed spelling words with them and made sure that their homework was collected in their bags. I had seen the weather forecast for the day and knew it was going to remain cool all day. I suggested they wear sweaters for the walk to the us stop. My kids chose to _ my advice. My son decided that all he needed was a T-shirt, not a sweater.\nI didn't force  them to wear sweaters and we went to the bus stop. It is a full kilometer walk to the top of a treeless hill and the wind felt like a knife cutting through the skin. My children endured  the cold until halfway, when I gave them with the sweaters I had quietly carried under my arm. Then took them without complaint, and I bit my tongue from saying, \"I told you so.\"\nWhat I was asking my children to do was to trust me. Trust Mom to have their best interests in mind. Trust Mom to know what she is talking about. Even though they didn't know that I had read the outdoor thermometer   before they woke up and I had seen the day's weather forecast, I wanted them to trust me. By ignoring me, they were saying that they didn't believe I knew what was best for them. What they knew was that yesterday was a warm enough day for shorts. What they knew was that it was warm enough in the house to wear shorts. Therefore, they felt sure enough to make their own decision on what to wear outside.\nToo many times we depend on what we know of yesterday, and how we feel today, and so we make decisions based on them. Too many times we think that we know better, so we can deal with things better. But we are wrong.", "id": "high3628.txt"}