{"answers": ["D", "C"], "options": [["the overuse of the oceans", "the change of natural conditions", "the increase of population by the sea", "the increasing activities of humans"], ["Because they believe the oil spill can be stopped.", "Because there is a large amount of oil in the sea.", "Because they are in great need of oil.", "Because getting oil in sea is easier than on land."]], "questions": ["According to the passage, the ocean is harmed easily as a result of  _  .", "Why do people continue to get oil in the sea at the risk of oil spills?"], "article": "Believe it or not, oceans and seas are easy to be harmed by the development of human society. They are also influenced by man-made pollution easily. It is human beings that do great harm to the ocean ecosystems .\nThe coral reefs are fine ecosystems that provide food and protection for many ocean creatures. The coral in almost all of the oceans is in danger from pollution.Chemicals from factories end up in the seas and oceans and destroy coral reefs. If the coral systems die some ocean creatures will be sure to die out.\nProtecting the ocean also has something to do with the protection of ocean wildlife like dolphins. The fishing industry depends on modern ways to catch many fish in order to earn more money. But the nets for fishing also _ other sea animals. The fishing boat workers are advised to check their nets and set other ocean animals free. But the boats are in a hurry to make money and often other ocean animals are caught with fish.\nOffshore oil spills  can destroy the ocean environment because oil kills all ocean life. The world depends on oil and because there is a great amount of oil off the shore of many countries, the need for oil is more important than the risk of the oil spill. However, the fact is that one human mistake can lead to an ocean environmental accident that will cause years of damage to the fine ocean ecosystems. Oil spills will kill all the creatures in the area of the spill. The oil will be washed up on shore and destroy the ecosystems along the shore including birds.\nEveryone who cares about the environment should be interested in protecting the ocean, and all of us should do something for the protection of the ocean.", "id": "high3632.txt"}