{"answers": ["C", "A"], "options": [["Egg Days", "Seafood Festival", "Tomato Festival", "Vegetable Days"], ["be given prizes as a winner", "eat tomato dishes for free", "be respected by the local people", "drink Kendall Jackson wine free"]], "questions": ["The passage mainly tells us something about  _  .", "If you are the best tomato gardener you will  _  ."], "article": "Sonoma County, California is famous for its natural beauty. The area is also known for its fruits, vegetables, eggs, and seafood. When I first moved to the area years ago, I had no idea I would be living in such a rich area!\nAfter the summer, local festivals practically celebrate the richness of the county every weekend. From Egg Days, Tomato Festival to Seafood Festival, Sonoma County has something for everyone. An event held every year is one of the most special in the area, which celebrates the harvest  of tomatoes, showing over 170 kinds of this tasty fruit. Cooks prepare the most favorite tomato-inspired dishes. You can enjoy all kinds of food while listening to live music, and taste the world famous Kendall Jackson wine.\nAnother great feature of this event is the opportunity to take part in the yearly competition with your own tomatoes. Tomatoes are judged   on looks, taste, and weight and winners will be awarded  . If you're planning on visiting and want to attend this event, get your ticket early as it sells out quickly.\nThis year, to celebrate Tomato Festival, I decided to plant a few tomatoes in a wine barrel   that had kept a lemon tree before. The tree, after about 6 years, finally did not produce fruits anymore, so I changed to plant 3 tomato plants instead. The three wine barrel plants stand over six feet tall and that's above the top of the barrel! They have lots of flowers and some have started to produce fruits. As usual, harvest may be late this year, but the quality of my tomatoes will be excellent. I believe I'll realize my dream of being the best tomato gardener.", "id": "high3633.txt"}