{"answers": ["D"], "options": [["using iPods improperly", "listening to MP3 at full volume", "standing near machinery making a loud noise", "using earplugs when there are loud noises"]], "questions": ["All the following factors may cause hearing problems EXCEPT  _  ."], "article": "Hearing plays an important part in our everyday life, but few of us take the steps we need to protect our hearing.\nIt is easy to see how your hearing is _ in today's world. There are so many things to hear, and so many new instruments, like iPods and headphones, which can harm your hearing if used improperly. Keeping the volume to a reasonable level on an iPod or other portable listening instruments is one of the most important ways to protect your hearing. Another great way to keep your hearing protected is to avoid loud noises whenever possible. There are many loud noises from power tools to machinery, and it is important to avoid these noises as often as possible. When it is not possible to avoid them, keep your hearing protected by using earplugs .\nIf you think your hearing may have already been damaged by modern technology, it is important to have your hearing tested by a physician. Only such a professional will be able to measure your level of hearing loss and help you find the best solution to your hearing problem.\nFor those with hearing issues, the choices have never been greater. There are many excellent hearing aids on the market. Having a hearing aid can be a perfect choice for the young and the old alike, and many people who swore they would never wear a hearing aid find that they love the convenience and quality these instruments represent.\nNever let an unimportant thing like vanity  get in the way of treating a hearing problem. These days there are hearing aids that are nearly invisible to the naked eye, including a number of models that fit completely inside the ear. If you believe you may be experiencing a problem with your hearing, it is important to have it checked out, and to take the right measures to protect your ears. In many cases, this treatment will be as simple as wearing earplugs. Taking care of your ears is of great importance. After all, you only get one set of ears.", "id": "high3638.txt"}