{"answers": ["A", "C"], "options": [["Home Exchange for Your Holiday", "How to Find the Best House", "Everyone Loves Exchanging Homes", "Tips for Your Trip"], ["To experience other people's lifestyles.", "To get to know new neighbors and make new friends.", "To avoid paying expensive hotel bills while traveling", "To get more information from locals."]], "questions": ["The most suitable title for the passage is  _  .", "What's the main reason for people exchanging homes during the holiday?"], "article": "All you need to participate in home exchange is a house! You don't need to compare values of the houses or search for a _ partner in the case of a home similar to yours. It just requires identifying a home where you and your family can stay comfortably in the place you wish to visit. You need to search for a person or a family with whom you would be comfortable exchanging your home with,for a short period of time. In home exchange,you would be taking care of other people's home,as well as enjoying the country while they would be doing the same from your home.\nPeople who have traveled a lot would know that the most expensive part of traveling is paying hotel bills. In many cases, vacations cannot last for long mainly because of the high accommodation   expenses. Holiday home exchange is one of the most simple and intelligent ways to cut down an accommodation expenses. It is an equal trade for bath the families and enables both to enjoy the advantages of a home while traveling to another country.\nHome exchanges have become very popular in major cities in the United Kingdom as it allows you to benefit from time-share. Mostly, people participating in home exchanges prefer to involve their friends or neighbors to entertain their visitors, by providing the home exchange visitors with information regarding the local sightseeing attractions. Many families with children try to swap houses with families who have children of the similar age group. It saves time and energy that is often exhausted in carrying around a number of toys and equipment. The individual traveler often finds house swapping a great way of relaxing in the comforts of a home after a tiring day of sightseeing and can spend more time to get to know the area better.", "id": "high3646.txt"}