{"answers": ["B", "A", "D", "C"], "options": [["the importance of friendship in our life", "how to build good neighborhood relations", "methods to communicate effectively with people", "how to get rid of misunderstandings with neighbors"], ["It's just natural that all our neighbors are not friendly.", "Neighbors are usually unwilling to greet newcomers.", "Television and online games help reduce one's loneliness.", "Making friends with the unfriendly neighbors needs patience."], ["Staying away from television and games.", "Knowing more about neighbors' situations.", "Getting known to each other by introducing.", "Getting close with the unfriendly neighbors."], ["share experience", "provide facts", "give advice", "compare opinions"]], "questions": ["The passage is mainly about   _  .", "Which of the following statements does the writer agree with according to the passage?", "What's the most difficult in making friends with neighbors?", "The main purpose of the passage is to   _  ."], "article": "If you have no friends around you, it's time that you should know about your neighborhood. Not all of your neighbors out there are friendly, but at least you need to communicate with them. It is common that when you are new to the neighborhood, your neighbors might actually greet you in an inspiring way.\nIn other words, they are pleased to welcome you in their neighbor-hood. Both you and your neighbors may start in getting known to each other by introducing yourselves. This is a sign that you and your neighbors are actually friends. Instead of watching television and playing computer games all the time, you also need to take a break and have some fun talking with your neighbors. But if you want to make friends with them, you need to do something that might please them. The only problem for this situation is that you are afraid to approach and greet them in a nice way.\nThis is a challenge that you or your fellow neighbors must be aware of. You need to get as many friends as possible in your neighborhood, and one of them is to get closer with the unfriendly. If you want to get closer with him but he refuses to be friends with you, don't force him anymore. Treat him with some respect if you don't like to create any more problems. However, if he agrees to be your friend, you are lucky and start treating him like a friend. It is very tough to approach a person in your neighborhood, but it is a good challenge. This is how important for you to get closer with your neighbors, even if they're unfriendly. This is better than sticking yourself alone at home and not having time for social interactions   with real people.", "id": "high3648.txt"}