{"answers": ["B", "C", "C", "B"], "options": [["to report some important events in the history of India", "to introduce some tours that they can explore the history of India", "to help study the culture and history of India", "to tell us how to explore the history of India"], ["modern India has little to study", "Indian people have an interesting lifestyle", "its culture is greatly influenced by its history", "India's history is longer than that of any other country"], ["honor the kings", "act as a palace for queens", "keep enemies away", "attract tourists"], ["is a famous fort in India", "is one of the heritages in India", "has a history of no more than 200 years", "lies in South India"]], "questions": ["The main purpose of this passage is", "Many tourists prefer to travel to and explore because", "Most forts were built in order to", "According to the passage, Rajput heritage_."], "article": "India has a very vast history and heritage. The country has witnessed some of the most important events in the past and every event has an effect of its own on the culture, religion, lifestyle, and economy of the country. This is one of the leading reasons why tourists prefer India to travel and explore. Historical tours in India provide everything that a traveler expects from his/her journey. These historical tours give an opportunity to study and explore Indian history.\nHistorical tours of India generally consisted of four phases: ancient, medieval , modern India and contemporary India. Some of the historical travel packages are:\nForts and Palaces\nThe rich cultural past of India is reflected in the countless forts and palaces across the country. Most of the forts were constructed as a defense device to keep the enemy away and palaces were made on the names of the kings and queens. Some of the famous forts and palaces are: Agra Fort (Agra), Fatehpur Sikri (Agra), Hawa Mahal (Jaipur), Amber Fort (Jaipur), City Palace (Jaipur), Gwalior Fort (Gwalior), Mysore Palace (Mysore), Red Fort (Delhi), etc.\nIndia Heritage Tours\nThe main purpose of India Heritage tours is to make Indians as well as tourists familiar with the rich Indian legacy . The heritage of the country is at least 5000 years. Some of the heritage tours are: medieval heritage, Rajput heritage, Golden Triangle, splendid Gujarat, etc.\nSouth India Historical Tours\nThe Southern India is known for its diversity and there are many places, which attract tourists, not only from the country but also from all around the world. The famous tourists' destinations in South India include Goa, Cochin, Kerala, Munnar, Periyar, Kottayam and the list goes on and on.", "id": "high3663.txt"}