{"answers": ["A", "D", "D", "B"], "options": [["Some students might drop out of high school.", "The teachers monitored the students' homework.", "The students themselves solved all their problems.", "The teachers evaluate the students' performances."], ["didn't need to learn common lessons", "tended to escape from the whole society", "were unwilling to share their experiences", "focused on self-study and working together"], ["they are unusually talented", "they have better backgrounds", "they have supportive teachers", "they are owners of their education"], ["Structure the kids' days to the minute", "Let kids rule their own school within a school", "Offer students few opportunities to do anything", "Provide traditional education to the students"]], "questions": ["Which of the following statements is TRUE?", "The students involved in the Independent Project  _  .", "The project made the students outstanding because  _  .", "What would be the best title of the text?"], "article": "A group of eight public high school students  in Massachusetts, aged l5 to l7,designed and ran their own school within a school. They named their practice the Independent Project. They represented the usual range: two were close to dropping out before they started the project,while others were honors students.\nTheir guidance teacher was their adviser, consulting with them when the group encountered difficulties. Though they sought advice from English,math and science teachers, they were responsible for monitoring one another's work and giving one another feedback. There were no grades, but at the end of the term,the students wrote evaluations of their classmates.\nThe students also designed their own course. In addition to some  regular courses,they each took on an 'individual project',learning to play the piano or to cook,writing a novel or making a video about domestic  violence. At the end of the term,they performed their new skills in front of the entire school. The last part of their self - designed course was to do a 'collective project' that had social significance. Because they felt the whole experience had been so life - changing,they ended up making a film showing how other students could start and run their own schools.\nThe project was a success. After returning to their traditional study,the students have high motivation and are doing well. One student who had failed all of his previous math courses spent three weeks teaching the others about probability. The lesson learned here is that if students are given the opportunity to take control or contribute significantly to their own learning they will become more accomplished,more engaged and more knowledgeable.\nThe students in the project are remarkable because they demonstrate the kinds of learning and  personal growth that are possible when teenagers feel ownership of their high school experience,learn things that matter to them and learn together.", "id": "high3690.txt"}