{"answers": ["D", "B", "A"], "options": [["baby boys are much more active", "baby girls like bright colors more", "their parents treat them differently", "there is a natural difference between them"], ["Adults purposely influence their babies preference.", "Babies' preference isn't affected by social surroundings.", "Baby boys preferring to moving toys will be good at hunting.", "Baby girls preferring warmer colors will be warm-hearted."], ["science", "health", "education", "entertainment"]], "questions": ["Baby boys and girls have different toy preferences probably because  _  .", "What conclusion did Dr. Brenda Todd draw from the results of the study?", "We may read this article in a  _  section of a newspaper."], "article": "Baby girls make their way directly for dolls as soon as they can crawl, while boys will head for the toy cars,  a study has shown. The findings, the first to show differences in very young babies, suggest there is a biological basis to their preferences.\nPsychologists Dr Brenda Todd from City University London carried out an experiment involving 90 infants aged nine months to 36 months. The babies were allowed to choose from seven toys. Some were stereotypically boys' toys - a car, a digger, a ball and a blue teddy.  The rest were girls' toys: a pink teddy, a doll and a cooking set. They were placed a meter away from the toys, and could pick whichever toy they liked. Their choice and the amount of time they spent playing with each toy were recorded.\nOf the youngest children (nine to 14 months), girls spent significantly longer playing with the doll than boys, and boys spent much more time with the car and ball than the girls did. Among the two-and three-year-olds, girls spent 50 percent of the time playing with the doll while only two boys briefly touched it. The boys spent almost 90 percent of their time playing with cars, which the girls barely touched. There was no link between the parents' view on which toys were more appropriate for boys or girls, and the children's choice.\nDr Brenda Todd said: \"Children of this age are already exposed to much socialization. Boys may be given 'toys that go' while girls get toys they can care for, which may help shape their preference. But these findings agree with the former idea that children show natural interests in particular kinds of toys. There could be a biological basis for their choices. Males through evolution have been adapted to prefer moving objects, probably through hunting instincts , while girls prefer warmer colors such as pink, the color of a newborn baby.\"", "id": "high37.txt"}