{"answers": ["D", "A", "B", "C"], "options": [["She doesn't know how to make phone calls while walking a dog.", "She has no idea how to get along well with her dog.", "She gets worried that her dog is getting annoyed.", "She finds her dog is getting a little aggressive."], ["the owner isn't paying attention to her", "the owner often makes trouble for the dog", "the owner plays some dull games with her", "the owner doesn't like the pet dog any more"], ["talk with them regularly", "take them to see the vet", "play games with them", "let them bite your shoes"], ["By playing some sort of game with the pet dog.", "By punishing the pet dog strictly.", "By training her not to do so.", "By leaving her at home."]], "questions": ["What is Susan complaining about in her question?", "The probable reason why the pet dog bites its owner's shoes is that   _  .", "The solution to dealing with the distress or discomfort of pets is to   _  .", "How can Susan get her pet dog to forget the fun from biting her shoes?"], "article": "Question: I have a one-year-old female bulldog, who has recently taken to biting my shoes when we are in the park and I'm on the mobile. She can be slightly aggressive and I'm starting to get worried and a bit annoyed. How do I stop her? ----Susan, London.\nAnswer: You need to get this problem under control before it could escalate  . I always advise owners not to talk on the mobile phone when they go for a walk with their dogs, because they should be focusing on this time with their pets, but I know people have busy lives and need to make phone calls.\nThe behavior she is showing is either controlling or playfulness, but they both result from the same issue ---- you are not paying attention to her. If you must make phone calls while on a walk, try to still engage with your dog by speaking towards her, playing some sorts of game and so on. If that doesn't work, you'll have to try more of a training approach.\nYou will need a training line and some treats. Start your walk in the usual way, make a phone call, and when your dog starts displaying the undesired behavior, simply stop walking --- otherwise she will see it as a game. When she is calm and looking at you, or if she sits, give her a treat; then continue walking. If she starts up again, pick up the lead, gently pull it, and tell her \"no\".  Then ask her to sit and give her a treat if she does.\nThe aim of this is to try to get her to forget how much fun it is biting your shoes. Do little sessions every day --- and try not to answer the phone if you know it's going to be a long conversation. Be patient and good luck!\nRemember that if an animal shows signs of distress or discomfort, an early visit to the vet is always recommended.", "id": "high3718.txt"}