{"answers": ["A"], "options": [["Behind the Scene.", "Hard Life of Musicians.", "My Part-time Job.", "How to Make Musicians Happy."]], "questions": ["Which might be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "Once you've tasted the joy and freedom of an all-access backstage pass, sitting in the balcony  far from the stage has little attraction. In March of 2008, I had the opportunity to tour with a band. The experience was eye-opening.\nI hadn't realized how many misconceptions I had about the lifestyle of a world-class musician. Such a life is not as great as it appears. In fact, some aspects are extremely _ . Hours and hours are spent waiting. The musicians wait for their transportation; they wait for the sound check; they wait to perform. After the show, they wait for the crowds of fans to go away.\nWhen the musicians are not waiting, they are traveling. Sometimes the travel itself can seem attractive and exciting, with the limousines  and the first-class seats on the plane. However, even these luxuries cannot make up for long, boring hours on the road or in the air. Basic needs are all but ignored. Late-night shows and early wake-up calls make them know the preciousness of sleep. The demanding travel itineraries  and show schedules make regular meals impossible.\nIn spite of the sacrifices, life on tour has its advantage, at least for the talent. A support team generally travels with the band, with at least one person dedicated to meeting the musicians' needs at all times. The musicians are expected to perform at the shows, but they are not expected to manage any detail of their lives. When I was with the band, I poured glasses of grapefruit juice, made sandwiches, prepared dressing rooms, and performed all kinds of routine work, such as buying toothpaste and getting money from the ATM. In addition, efforts are made by promoters to keep the musicians happy. Most places offer private dressing rooms for the musicians. There is also usually a green room, a room that is large with comfortable furnishings where the band can visit with friends and family while waiting to go on stage. Before the band goes on, their families and friends file out into the auditorium and find their seats. The house lights go dark and curtain rises. When the lights flash on and the band starts playing, the scene is magical. A behind-the-scenes view makes the experience even more spectacular.", "id": "high3745.txt"}