{"answers": ["B", "A", "C"], "options": [["They had to be rebuilt after years of use.", "They protected the city in ancient times.", "They were built to provide transport for the city.", "They are the main theme of Van Gogh's paintings."], ["that can be explored by foot", "that is completely built on water", "that has two historic museums in all", "that is famous for its modernization"], ["People get lost easily in Amsterdam.", "Van Gogh spent his life time in Amsterdam.", "Many Jews in Amsterdam were caught by Nazis.", "Taking a ferry ride is the most popular activity in Amsterdam."]], "questions": ["Which of the following is TRUE of the canals in Amsterdam?", "In the passage, Amsterdam is described as a city   _  .", "What can we infer from the passage?"], "article": "You are walking along a lane and never know what you will find. It might be a shop selling oil paintings, or a place where you can buy Dutch cheese. One thing is for sure, you will end up by a canal.\nWelcome to Amsterdam, the capital of the Netherlands.\nThe year 2013 will be a good time to explore Amsterdam as the city has a lot to celebrate: the famous canal ring will turn 400 years old. Amsterdam will also celebrate the 160th birthday of Dutch painter of the Van Gogh museum, home to the biggest collection of the artist's colorful works.\nThe famous canal ring is a trademark of the city. With more than 100 kilometers of canals, it is no wonder that Amsterdam is called the 'Venice of the north'. But unlike the Italian town, where boats were originally used for transport, the canals in Amsterdam were mainly used for defense in the 17th century. Today ferries on canals offer a different way to explore the city.\nBut to truly experience Amsterdam, you can't miss the city's historic museums and monuments, among which Van Gogh museum is the most famous one. It holds 200 paintings, 700 letters and 500 drawings by the artist. Another famous museum is Anne Frank's house. Anne Frank became famous around the world because of a diary she left explaining her and her family's experience as a Jewish girl during World War II, hiding out in a house hoping that she would not be captured by German Nazis.\nAmsterdam is small enough to walk or cycle almost anywhere, but it is rarely dull. Best of all it combines its glittering past with a rebellious edginess.", "id": "high3755.txt"}