{"answers": ["D", "B", "B"], "options": [["refuses to give her children freedom", "finds it difficult to make rules", "doesn't have a good relationship with her children", "has trouble in giving freedom to her children"], ["strong-willed", "rebellious", "weak", "independent"], ["Rules are difficult to make for parents.", "Rules and freedom are similarly important.", "We should give children freedom as much as possible.", "Rules are more important than freedom."]], "questions": ["According to the text, we can infer that the writer  _  .", "According to the writer, only rules without freedom will make the children   _  .", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the text?"], "article": "There is no question that teenagers need rules, which is often not a difficult thing for parents to give. What can be more challenging is giving teenagers their freedom. It can be difficult to draw the line between the two. However, some issues cannot be changed by discussion and require firm rules. For instance, rules should be established concerning driving the family car.\nI will admit that I have no problem coming up with rules. To me they make life easier and they leave no room for questioning. What can be more difficult, however, is giving my teens their freedom. I guess there are really two primary reasons for this. One is that I sometimes am afraid to give them freedom. The second is that I'm not always so sure what the freedom should be.\nIt helps that I have a husband with whom I can discuss these problems. We talk about _ , give our thoughts and then we come up with an agreement. Sometimes one of us might be more unwilling but we know that there comes a time when we really do have to learn how to let go of the reins   a bit.\nIf we try to make life have nothing but rules, we are more likely to see our teen's rebelling  . They need to know that while we do have certain expectations, we also trust them to begin making their own choices and decisions. How else can they do that unless they are given the space and room to do it?\nIt's really all about balance and I will be the first to admit that it can be a challenge to carry out. However, it is a necessary part of growing up. Yes, teens definitely need rules but they also need freedom.", "id": "high3756.txt"}