{"answers": ["B", "C", "A", "D"], "options": [["sushi", "blueberries", "pomegranates", "Vitamin D"], ["he is very fond of exercise every day.", "he is addicted to smoking", "he is always feeling extremely stressed or worried", "he likes to have meals in restaurants"], ["Having a daily supplement of selenium", "Drinking a cup of pomegranate juice every day", "Breathing fresh air now and then", "Taking exercise at least once a week"], ["have a daily supplement of vitamins B and C", "try to ignore the secondhand smoking", "take in as many selenium-containing supplements as possible", "having exercise as often as possible"]], "questions": ["To prevent yourself from catching colon cancer, you should eat   _   as often as possible.", "A person is very likely to catch some type of cancer if   _  .", "_   will remarkably reduce the risk of men's prostate cancer.", "If you want to keep cancer away, it is particularly important to   _  ."], "article": "Below is some advice on how to prevent cancer:\n8 Ways to Avoid Cancer in Your Life\n1. Eat Blueberries\nAside from being a healthy and delicious snack, blueberries contain pterostilbene, which has important colon  cancer-fighting prosperities. But wait, it gets better. Blueberries also offer a large dose of vitamins C (14 milligrams per cup). So at breakfast, try to take in a cup and a half of blueberries in your cereal or yogurt, or mixed with other berries.\n2. Drink Pomegranate Juice\nThe deep red juice of the pomegranate contains polyphenols, isoflavones and ellagic acid, which together create a powerful anticancer mixture. Most recently, researchers from the University of Wisconsin at Madison has discovered that 16 ounces of pomegranate juice per day also may inhibit the growth of lung cancer.\n3. Relax\nFeeling stressed or worried? Find ways to relax and you may reduce your chances of developing cancer. Purdue University researchers tracked 1,600 men over 12 years and found that half of those with high levels of worry died during the study period. Only 20 percent of the optimists died before the study were completed, while 34 percent of the extremely anxious men died of some type of cancer. Instead of stressing about the past or future, focus on the present and relax!\n4. Take Selenium \nSelenium is well known for its cancer-fighting properties. In a study of almost 1,000 men, researchers from the Journal of the National Cancer Institute found that when men with the lowest initial levels of selenium in their bodies received a daily supplement over a 4 year period, they cut their prostate  cancer risk by a remarkable 92 percent. However, it is possible to get too much of a good thing, so monitor your intake of selenium-containing supplements, Brazil nuts, tuna, meats and grains carefully.\n5. Eat Sushi \nSeaweed may not be your idea of a great snack, but it is high in fiber, calcium and iron, and dry, roasted seaweed sheets used in sushi provide the additional benefits of vitamins A and C. Sushi rolls are also high in protein-- a typical spicy tuna roll has only 290 calories but packs 24 grams of protein. So don't skimp on the Sushi!\n6. Enjoy the Outdoors\nVitamin D causes early death of cancer cells. A study published in the American Journey of Clinical Nutrition reported that women who supplemented their diets with 1,000 international. Units of vitamin D every day had a 60 percent to 77 percent lower incidence of cancer ever a four-year period that did women taking a placebo . Experts recommend supplementing your fun in the sun with 1,100 to 2,000IU of vitamin D each day.\n7. Breathe Clean Air\nThere's no question that secondhand smoke kills. A recent American Journal of Public Health study showed that nonsmokers working in smoky places had three times the amount of carcinogen  in their urine  than nonsmokers working in smoke-free locations. What's worse, their levels of the carcinogen rose 6 percent for every hour worked. Nine states have banned smoking in all workplaces, bars and restaurants. The message is clear: Do whatever you can to avoid the cloud of smoke.\n8. Break a Sweat\nEven a small amount of exercise can offer major cancer-fighting benefits. In a study of 29,110 men published in the International Journal of Cancer, men who exercised just once a week had a percent lower risk of metastasis  prostate cancer than men who didn't work out at all. The better the frequency, duration and intensity of the exercise, the bigger the reduction in risk, according to the study.", "id": "high3760.txt"}