{"answers": ["B", "B", "C"], "options": [["single sex education has become popular in recent years", "the effect of single sex education on girls is immediate", "students at separate schools are better prepared for standardized tests", "both boy and girl students achieve more and learn better in single sex schools"], ["Girls' performances in single sex classrooms are determined by their ability and socioeconomic status.", "In all-boys schools boys with the worst academic performances improved the most.", "Single sex education was particularly helpful for boys.", "There are more single sex schools than co-ed schools in Britain."], ["Ways to reduce pressure and help children grow.", "The reason why girls perform better than boys at school.", "The advantage of single sex education.", "The development of single sex education in different countries."]], "questions": ["With the experiment in Virginia in 1995, the writer wants to show that  _  .", "According to the article, which of the following statements about single sex education is TRUE?", "What is the main point of the article?"], "article": "Nowadays, there's a lot of debate about single sex education since it has begun to regain its popularity recently. According to long term studies of children from around the world, students achieve more and learn better in single sex schools.\nAn Australian study of 270,000 students found that both boys and girls performed much higher on standardized  tests when they attended separate schools. During an experiment in Virginia in 1995, 100 eighth graders were separated just for math and science courses. Almost immediately, the girls began to achieve more, become more confident and take part more often in class activities.\nIn 2001, a British study concluded that nearly every girl regardless of   her ability or socio-economic status performed better in single sex classrooms than co-ed ones. The study of 2,954 high schools and 979 primary schools showed that while boys at the lowest levels in study improved the most in single sex schools, single sex education was particularly beneficial   to girls. Every one of the top 50 private elementary schools and top 20 private high schools in Britain are single sex schools.\nGirls became more confident in themselves as students and earned higher scores on their College Board and Advanced Placement examinations. A quarter of the female members of the US Congress and one-third of all female members of Fortune 100 boards graduated from all-women's colleges.\nWhile the statistics are not as dramatic for boys, however, boys tend to soften their competitive edge and become more cooperative in a single sex setting. They can just be boys and not worry about what the girls might think.\nSingle sex education has a pleasant way of encouraging children to be fearless, to be curious, to be enthusiastic --- in short, to just be themselves. Children are subjected   to pressures from every quarter to become adults before they are ready to do so. They grow up too quickly. Why not let them be children for a few more years? Single sex education with its gentler, more controlled social atmosphere is just the right answer for many children.", "id": "high3764.txt"}