{"answers": ["D", "C", "B"], "options": [["get to know more friends", "learn more than you do alone", "work in an organized way", "get rid of shyness forever"], ["To learn what they will do next.", "To find good topics to talk with them about.", "To help them when they need help.", "To make sure that their work is finished on time."], ["group members should be your close friends", "talking with group members should be the first step of group work", "knowing persons is more important than your projects", "rules from teachers are more important than working among group members"]], "questions": ["Group projects can give you a chance to do the following EXCEPT   _  .", "What's the purpose in checking others' progress?", "According to the passage, we can infer that   _  ."], "article": "Few of us act alone in the real world. Most things are done with the help or ideas of other people. Group projects are great practice for high school, college, and real life, when you will probably have a job that requires working with others. Right now, group projects can be fun and they often allow you to do a bigger, more interesting project than you could alone. With group work, you can actually learn more in less time.\nGroup projects also give you a chance to get to know kids you might not otherwise know or talk with. Group projects are also a great way to practice skills you're not so sure of. For example: working on a deadline, staying organized, or being patient. And if you're a little nervous talking in front of a group, a joint project can help you become more comfortable with it. Maybe your group will pick you to tell the whole class about your project. If so, you'll know your whole group is _ you!\nOne of the most important things about group work is talking and meeting together. It's a good idea to continually check with everybody on their progress to see if anyone needs help. You might think the first step is to figure out who will do what, but actually it's getting to know another a little. Take a few minutes to chat. Even if you know each other well, it can help to take a minute to think about your skills and share your strengths and weaknesses. The second step is to go over ground rules from your teacher and any that you want to create together as a group.", "id": "high3773.txt"}