{"answers": ["A", "B", "D"], "options": [["Wildcats and their stories.", "Wildcats and their characters", "Varieties of animal species.", "Relationship between animal and humans."], ["wildcats represent the state of Michigan", "the use of wildcat was not always the same", "wildcats are the best friend of human beings", "honest developers never buy wildcat oil wells"], ["people couldn't buy anything with the money", "people didn't know how to save money.", "the rich invested too much on oil wells.", "people complained and suffered a lot"]], "questions": ["What is the main idea of the passage?", "From the passage we can know that  _  .", "It can be inferred that during the days of wildcat money  _  ."], "article": "From the beginning of human history, wild animals provided food, clothing and sometimes medicine. We may not depend as much on wild animals now. But we hear about them every day. Americans use the names of animals in many ways. Automobile manufacturers  and gasoline companies especially like to use big cats to sell their products. They like lions, tigers and wildcats. When Americans say wildcat, they usually mean _ . All these cats attack quickly and fiercely. So wildcats represent something fast and fierce.\nAn early American use of the word wildcat was quite different. It was used to describe members of Congress  who declared war on Britain in 1812. A magazine of that year said the wildcat congressmen went home. It said they were unable to face the responsibility of having involved their country in an unnecessary war.\nWildcat also has been used as a name for money in the 1800s. At that time, some states permitted banks to make their own money. One bank in the state of Michigan offered paper money with a picture of a wildcat on it. Some banks, however, did not have enough gold to support all the paper money they offered. So the money had little or no value. It was called a wildcat bill or a wildcat bank note. The banks who offered this money were called wildcat banks. A newspaper of the time said those were the days of wildcat money. It said a man might be rich in the morning and poor by night.\nWildcat then was also used for an oil well or gold mine that had almost no oil or gold in it. Dishonest developers would buy such property. Then they would sell it and leave town with the money. The buyers were left with worthless holes in the ground. Today, wildcat oil wells are in areas that are not known to have oil.", "id": "high3777.txt"}