{"answers": ["C", "D", "C"], "options": [["Two", "Three", "Four", "Five"], ["Dropping in the bait several times", "Waiting for the fish more patiently", "Cutting a big enough hole on the ice", "Taking care of the lines of their poles"], ["it is a good way to harvest much fish from the rivers", "it can help people have a good time with their friends", "it can help people relax themselves to the fullest", "it is a good way to exercise the strength of their arms"]], "questions": ["How many ways of fishing have been introduced in the passage?", "What problem should people pay attention to when going ice fishing?", "Fishing is becoming more and more popular mainly because   _  ."], "article": "People go fishing for many reasons, for one they like the sport of it, reeling in   the big catch after a long day of work or just having a few drinks on the water with some friends and letting all the stress just go. Whatever the reasons may be, it is absolutely _ .\nPeople in the south sometimes do a strange type of fishing where they reach their arm inside a hole in the bank and pull out cat fish the size of a boat. There is one form called jug fishing where you get a milk jug or water jug and tie a heavy fishing line with a big hook, put on a small brim and throw it in the water. The next morning you get up and see what's on the hook. There is fly fishing which is with a lighter string and top water jigs such as bugs that lay on the top of the water until the trout comes and takes it. It takes longer to reel them in because the line is so light and the fish are heavy.\nIce fishing is a dangerous kind of fishing in the north. You cut a hole in the ice, drop in your bait and wait for a fish to bite. You have to be careful that the fish doesn't pull your line into the side of the ice and snap it. That is one problem with ice fishing but the fish are usually bigger and worth the trouble.\nGoing out on the lake with a couple of friends or alone with a couple of drinks and a fishing pole can be the most stress releasing thing you can do sometimes. Just to feel the waves rocking the boat and a good conversation is all the therapy you will need sometimes. Catching a fish is always a great bonus .", "id": "high3780.txt"}