{"answers": ["C", "B", "D", "D"], "options": [["choose a good dictionary, and you'll be successful in learning English", "dictionaries are not necessary to the students who learn English", "it is very important for students to use good dictionaries properly", "using dictionaries very often can't help to improve writing"], ["Dictionaries have little effect on learning to speak English.", "Whatever new words you meet while reading, never use dictionaries.", "Small two-language dictionaries have serious shortcomings.", "Reading something for the first time, you'd better not use dictionaries."], ["At the beginning of the reading", "At the end of the reading", "During the first reading", "After the first reading"], ["that students shouldn't use small two-language dictionaries", "what were the shortcomings of small two-language dictionaries", "why students should use large college edition dictionaries", "what dictionary students should choose and how to use it"]], "questions": ["The writer thinks that   _  .", "According to the passage, which of the following is WRONG?", "When in the reading does the writer advise students to use a good dictionary?", "This passage mainly tells us ."], "article": "Students who say they never or hardly ever used dictionaries may speak English well but usually write poorly, because they make many mistakes.\nThe students who use dictionaries most do not learn especially well either. The ones who look up every new word do not read fast. Therefore they do not have time to read much. Those who use small two-language dictionaries have the worst problems. Their dictionaries often give only one or two words as translations of English. But one English word often has many translations in a foreign language and one foreign word has many translations in English.\nThe most successful students are those who use large college edition dictionaries with about 100,000 words but do not use them too often. When they are reading, these students first try to get the general idea and understand new words from the context. Then they reread and use the dictionary to look up only key words that they still do not understand. They use dictionaries more for writing. If they are not sure how to spell a word, they always use a dictionary. Also, if they think a noun might have an unusual plural form, they check this in a dictionary.", "id": "high3793.txt"}