{"answers": ["D", "C", "B", "A"], "options": [["he thought it was important for a schoolboy to do so", "he was still too young to understand other books", "he believed all the real historical figures were his friends", "he could imagine himself being the characters in the books"], ["he found watching TV was more interesting", "he became too busy to read any books", "he found books were of little use to his work", "he had to read a lot of manuals, contracts and documents"], ["to find back his youth in books", "for the pure pleasure of reading", "so as to help kill his spare time", "for only business purposes"], ["The Years with Books", "Books and TV Programs", "Don't Judge a Book by Its Cover", "Reading Makes One Excellent"]], "questions": ["The writer enjoyed reading \"literature\" between the ages of nine and fourteen because   _  .", "The main reason the writer stopped reading books was that   _  .", "Now the writer starts to read books again   _  .", "Which of the following is the best title of the passage?"], "article": "As I write this, I have half an eye on an old James Bond film that is showing on my computer. But this is a story about how I stopped watching TV and began reading again for pleasure, after ten years in which I hardly turned a page.\nI suppose I was an enthusiastic reader of \"literature\" between the ages of nine and fourteen. I had enough time to be White Fang, Robinson Crusoe, and Bilbo Baggins and Jeeves. Of course there was room in the schoolboy's imagination for some real historical figures: Scott of the Antarctic, all of the Vikings, and Benjamin Franklin were good friends of mine.\nThen, in adolescence, I began a long search for strange and radical   ideas. I wanted to challenge my elders and betters, and shock my fellow students with amazing points of view. Of course, the only place to look was in books. I hunted out the longest titles and the authors with the funniest names; I searched the library for completely unread books. Then I found one which became my bible for the whole of 1982, it had a title composed of eleven long words and an author whose name I didn't know how to pronounce. It was really thick and looked dead serious. Even better, it put forward a whole world-view that would take days to explain. Perfect. I took it out of the library three times, proud to see the date-stamps lined up on the empty library insert.\nLater, I went to university. Expecting to spend long evenings in learned discussion with clever people, I started reading philosophy. For some reason I never found the deep-thinking intellectuals I hoped to meet. Anyway, I was ready to impress with my profound   knowledge of post-structuralism, _ and situationism. These things are usually explained in rather short books, but they take a long time to get through. They were the end of my youthful reading.\nWorking life was hard to get used to after so much theory. It was the end of books for me. There didn't seem to be much in books that would actually get things done. To do things you had to answer the telephone and work a computer. You had to travel about and speak to people who weren't at all interested in philosophy. I didn't stop reading, you can't avoid that. I read all day. But no books came my way, only manuals   and contracts and documents. Maybe most people satisfy their need for stories and ideas with TV and, to tell the truth, it was all I needed for ten years. In those days I only had a book \"on the go\" for the duration of aeroplane flights. At first I would come home and watch TV over dinner. Then, I moved the TV so I could watch it from bed. I even got a switch so I could turn it off without getting out of bed. Then, one fateful day, my TV broke and my landlady took it away.\nMy new TV is an extra circuit board   inside my computer. It's on a desk in front of a working chair and I can't see it from the bed. I still use it for the weather forecasts and it's nice to have it on while I'm typing this... but what to do last thing at night? Well, have another go with books.\nNow, I just like books. I have a pile of nice ones by my bed and I'm reading about six at the same time. I don't want to be any of the characters. I don't care if a thousand people have already read them. I don't have to search through libraries. There are books everywhere and all of them have something to read in them. I have the strange feeling that they've been there all along, waiting for me to pick them up.", "id": "high3803.txt"}