{"answers": ["D", "C", "A", "B", "D", "C"], "options": [["came out before minor died", "was edited by an American volunteer", "included the English words invented by Murray", "was intended to be the most ambitious English dictionary"], ["He helped Murray to find hundreds of volunteers.", "He sent newspapers, magazines and books to Murray.", "He provided a great number of words and quotations", "he went to England to work with Murray."], ["He was shut in an asylum", "He lived far from Oxford", "He was busy writing a book", "He disliked traveling"], ["they both served in the Civil War.", "They had a common interest in words", "Minor recovered with the help of Murray", "Murray went to America regularly to visit Minor"], ["Brave and determined", "Cautious and friendly", "Considerate and optimistic", "Unusual and scholarly"], ["The history of the English language.", "The friendship between Murray and Minor", "Minor and the first Oxford English Dictionary", "Broadmoor Asylum and is patients"]], "questions": ["According to the text, the first Oxford English Dictionary   _  .", "How did Dr. Minor contributed to the dictionary?", "Why did Dr. Minor refuse to visit Oxford?", "Prof. Murray and Dr. Minor became friends mainly because   _  .", "Which of the following best describe Dr. Minor?", "What does the text mainly talk about?"], "article": "One of the greatest contributions to the first Oxford English Dictionary was also one of its most unusual. In 1879, Oxford University in England asked Prof. James Murray to serve as editor for what was to be the most ambitious dictionary in the history of the English language. It would include every English word possible and would give not only the definition but also the history of the word and quotations  showing how it was used.\nThis was a huge task. So Murrary had to find volunteers from Britain, the United States, and the British colonies to search every newspaper, magazine, and book ever written in English. Hundreds of volunteers responded, including William Chester Minor. Dr. Minor was an American Surgeon who had served in the Civil War and was now living in England. He gave his address as \"Broadmoor, Crowthorne, Berkshire,\" 50 miles from Oxford.\nMinor joined the army of volunteers sending words and quotations to Murray. Over the next years, he became one of the staff's most valued contributors.\nBut he was also a mystery. In spite of many invitations, he would always decline to visit Oxford. So in 1897, Murray finally decided to travel to Crowthorne himself. When he arrived, he found Minor locked in a book-lined cell at the Broadmoor Asylum for the Criminally insane.\nMurray and Minor became friends, sharing their love of words. Minor continued contributing to the dictionary, sending in more than 10,000 submissions in 20 years. Murray continued to visit Minor regularly, sometimes taking walks with him around the asylum grounds.\nIn 1910, Minor left Broadmoor for an asylum in his native America. Murray was at the port to wave goodbye to his remarkable friend.\nMinor died in 1920, seven years before the first edition of the Oxford English Dictionary was completed. The 12 volumes defined 414,825 words, and thousands of them were contributions from a very scholarly and devoted asylum patient.", "id": "high381.txt"}