{"answers": ["D", "B", "C", "A"], "options": [["offer squirrels a place to eat nuts", "set up a local landmark", "help improve traffic", "protect squirrels"], ["The committee got the Council's blessing.", "The squirrel bridge idea was born", "A councilwoman named the bridge", "A squirrel was found dead."], ["It was replaced by a longer one.", "It was built from wood and metal.", "it was rebuilt after years of use.", "It was designed by Bill Hutch."], ["He is remembered for his love of animals.", "He donated $1,000 to build the bridge.", "He was a member of the City Council.", "He was awarded a medal for building the bridge."]], "questions": ["The Nutty Narrows Bridge was built in order to   _  .", "What happened over the coffee break discussion?", "Which of the following is true of the squirrel bridge?", "What can we learn about Amos Peters?"], "article": "San Francisco has its cable cars. Seattle has its Space Needle. And, Longview has its squirrel bridge. The bridge, which has attracted international attention, is now a local landmark.\nThe Nutty Narrows Bridge was built in 1963 by a local builder, Amos Peters, to give squirrels a way to cross the busy road without getting flattened by passing cars.\nThe original bridge was built over Olympia Way on the west edge of the library grounds. Before the bridge was built, squirrels had to avoid traffic to and from the Park Plaza office building where office staff put out a nutty feast for the squirrels. Many times, Peters and others who worked in and near Park Plaza witnessed squirrels being run over.\nOne day Peters found a dead squirrel with a nut still in its mouth, and that day's coffee break discussion turned into squirrel safety. The group of businessmen cooked up the squirrel bridge idea and formed a committee to ask the blessing of the City Council .The Council approved, and Councilwoman Bess LaRiviere named the bridge \"Nutty Narrows.\"\nAfter architects designed the bridge, Amos Peters and Bill Hutch started Construction, They built the 60-foot bridge from aluminum and lengths of fire hose . It cost 1,000.\nIt didn't take long before reports of squirrels using the bridge started. Squirrels were even seen guiding their young and teaching them the ropes. The story was picked up by the media, and Nutty Narrows became know in newspapers all over the world.\nIn 1983, after 20 years of use, Peters took down the worn-out bridge. Repairs were made and crosspieces were replaced. The faded sign was repainted and in July 1983, hundreds of animal lovers attended the completion ceremony of the new bridge.\nPeters died in 1984, and a ten-foot wooden squirrel sculpture was placed near the bridge in memory of its builder and his devotion to the project.", "id": "high382.txt"}