{"answers": ["D", "C", "A", "C"], "options": [["Americans like to have several different colors of food on the plate", "without an oven, Americans find it impossible to live conveniently", "Americans pay special attention to recipes and nutritious meals", "Americans usually have fast food, but they pay special attention to cooking as well"], ["they like instant food very much", "they don't like cooking at all", "most American working people are busy and don't have time to cook", "fast food is delicious and it usually contains a lot of vitamins"], ["good cooking doesn't come easily; it needs a lot of practice", "just like any other skill, cooking may bring good results", "cooking comes from one's gift, not through practice", "cooking can lead to accidents"], ["Americans don't care about food", "Americans are not good at cooking because they like to use recipes", "an oven plays an important role in cooking for Americans", "while cooking, Americans usually run out of ideas"]], "questions": ["This passage mainly tells us that   _  .", "Many Americans have cold cereal for breakfast, sandwiches for lunch and instant dinner because   _  .", "By saying \"But with cooking, as with any other skill, good results don't happen by accident\", the author means   _  .", "From the passage, we know that   _  ."], "article": "If you think American cooking means opening a package and throwing the contents into the microwave oven  , think again. On the one hand, it's true that many Americans have cold cereal for breakfast, sandwiches for lunch and instant   dinners. From busy homemakers to working people, many Americans enjoy the convenience   of fast food that can be ready to serve in 10 minutes or less. On the other hand, many Americans realize the importance of cooking skills. Parents -- especially mothers -- see the importance of training their children -- especially daughters. Most Americans think that there's nothing better than a good home-cooked meal. _ .\nProbably every cook has his or her own way of cooking. But there are some basic skills that most people follow. For example, baking is a main method   of preparing food in America. For that reason, Americans would find it next to impossible to live without an oven. American cooks pay special attention to the balance of foods, too. In planning a big meal they try to include meat, a few vegetables, some bread and often a dessert. They also like to make sure the meal is colorful. Having several different colors of food on the plate usually makes for a healthy meal.\nFor those who need guidance in their cooking, or for those who have just run out of ideas, recipes are a great help. Recipes list all the ingredients for a dish (generally in the order used), the amount of each to use, and a description of how to put them together.", "id": "high3837.txt"}