{"answers": ["B", "A", "D"], "options": [["It's small in size.", "It's hidden in trees.", "It's covered with wax.", "It's hard to recognize."], ["it gets its food", "it goes to church", "it sings in the forest", "it reaches into bees' nests"], ["Wild Bees", "Beekeeping in Africa", "Wax and Honey", "Honey-Lover's Helper"]], "questions": ["Why is it difficult to find a wild bees' nest?", "The honey guide is special in the way  _  .", "What can be the best title for the text?"], "article": "Honey from the African forest is not only a kind of natural sugar, it is also delicious. Most people, and many animals, like eating it. However, the only way for them to get that honey is to find a wild bees' nest and take the honey from it. Often, these nests are high up in trees, and it is difficult to find them. In parts of Africa, though, people and animals looking for honey have a strange and unexpected helpera little bird called a honey guide.\nThe honey guide does not actually like honey, but it does like the wax   in the beehives  . The little bird cannot reach this wax, which is deep inside the bees' nest. So, when it finds a suitable nest, it looks for someone to help it. The honey guide gives a loud cry that attracts the attention of both passing animals and people. Once it has their attention, it flies through the forest, waiting from time to time for the curious animal or people as it leads them to the nest. When they\nfinally arrive at the nest, _ reaches in to get at the delicious honey as the bird patiently waits and watches. Some of the honey, and the wax, always falls to the ground, and this is when the honey guide takes its share.\nScientists do not know why the honey guide likes eating the wax, but it is very determined in its efforts to get it. The birds seem to be able to smell wax from a long distance away. They will quickly arrive whenever a beekeeper is taking honey from his beehives, and will even enter churches when beeswax candles are being lit.", "id": "high385.txt"}