{"answers": ["A", "D", "B", "C"], "options": [["California, because of the gold rush.", "Texas, because of the stars there.", "Virginia, because of a famous mother there.", "Kentucky, because of the famous \"KFC\" there."], ["Virginia", "Texas", "California", "Florida"], ["California - Utah--Texas - Kentucky", "Kentucky-Texas - California - Utah", "Kentucky-California - Texas --Utah", "California -Kentucky--Texas -Utah"], ["Cowboys in Texas.", "Utah and religions.", "Hollywood in Virginia.", "Kennedy Space Center in Florida."]], "questions": ["Which state is called the \"golden state\" and why?", "The famous writer of \"The Old Man and the Sea\" once lived in  _  .", "How is the correct time order for different states to join the U.S.?", "Which of the following match is WRONG?"], "article": "Below are descriptions of six famous states in the U. S.\nCalifornia is a state located on the West Coast of the United States. It is the most populous U.S. state and was admitted as the 31st state on September 9, 1850.California's diverse geography ranges from the Pacific Coast in the west, to the Sierra Nevada mountains in the east. Earthquakes are a common occurrence due to the state's location along the Pacific Ring of Fire: about 37,000 are recorded annually. The California Gold Rush happened in San Francisco and there is also a famous Silicon Valley. Hollywood exists in Los Angeles, making it the center of entertainment. \"The Golden State\" has long been a popular designation for California and was made the official State Nickname in 1968.\nFlorida is a state in the southeastern region of the United States, bordered to the west by the Gulf of Mexico, to the north by Alabama and Georgia and to the east by the Atlantic Ocean. Miami is the largest metropolitan area in the southeastern United States.The climate varies from subtropical in the north to tropical in the south. Its economy relies mainly on tourism, agriculture, and transportation. Florida is also known for its amusement parks, the production of oranges, and the Kennedy Space Center. Florida has attracted many writers such as Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings, Ernest Hemingway and Tennessee Williams, and continues to attract celebrities and athletes. It is internationally known for golf, tennis, auto racing, and water sports.\nUtah is a state in the Western United States. It became the 45th state admitted to the Union on January 4, 1896. Utah is the most religiously homogeneous state in the Union. Approximately 63% of Utahans are reported to be members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints or LDS, which greatly influences Utah culture and daily life. The state is a center of transportation, education, information technology and research, government services, mining, and a major tourist destination for outdoor recreation.\nTexas is the second most populous and the second-largest of the 50 states in the United States of America. Houston is the largest city in Texas and the fourth-largest in the United States. Texas is nicknamed the Lone Star State to signify Texas as a former independent republic and as a reminder of the state's struggle for independence from Mexico. The \"Lone Star\" can be found on the Texas state flag and on the Texas state seal today. The term \"six flags over Texas\" came from the several nations that had ruled over the territory. In 1845 it joined the United States as the 28th state. One Texas industry that thrived after the Civil War was cattle. Due to its long history as a center of the industry, Texas is associated with the image of the cowboy.\nVirginia, is a U.S. state located in the South Atlantic region of the United States. Virginia is nicknamed the \"Old Dominion\" and the \"Mother of Presidents\" after the eight U.S. presidents born there. It is unique in how it treats cities and counties equally, manages local roads, and prohibits its governors from serving consecutive terms. Virginia's economy has many sectors: agriculture in the Shenandoah Valley; federal agencies in Northern Virginia, including the headquarters of the Department of Defense and CIA; and military facilities in Hampton Roads, the site of the region's main seaport. Virginia's public schools and many colleges and universities have contributed to growing media and technology sectors. As a result, computer chips have become the state's leading export.\nKentucky, is a state located in the east south-central region of the United States. In 1792 it became the 15th state to join the Union. Kentucky is known as the \"Bluegrass State\", a nickname based on the bluegrass found in many of its pastures because of the fertile soil. It is a land with diverse environments and abundant resources, including the world's longest cave system, Mammoth Cave National Park, the greatest length of navigable waterways and streams in the contiguous United States, and the two largest man-made lakes east of the Mississippi River.Kentucky is also home to the highest per capita number of deer and turkey in the United States.", "id": "high3859.txt"}