{"answers": ["B", "D", "A", "C", "B"], "options": [["more people have applied to university", "there is more competition between the candidates", "there are more services that help find university places", "more places are available"], ["190,000", "46, 000", "236, 000", "760, 000"], ["to consider apprenticeships and studying at home", "to study at campus outside the UK", "to reapply next year", "not to go to university in the UK"], ["It costs more to study at university.", "Long-term job prospects are worse.", "Universities offer places in other countries.", "There are fewer chances to do graduate study."], ["They can go to work in Clearing.", "They can get practical work experience or skills and reapply next year.", "They can spend the year writing a better CV.", "They do graduate study at home."]], "questions": ["When the author says this year \"there's been more of a scramble for places\" (Para. 3), he means  _  .", "According to UCAS, there are about   _  university applicants this year.", "David Willetts encourages students faced with the lack of places on a degree course   _  .", "Which of the following is NOT the reason that may make this year the worst time to enter university?", "According to the passage, what can students do if they don't get into their first choice of university?"], "article": "What do you do if you don't get into your first choice of university? That's the dilemma that faces thousands of British students every year.\nMany candidates turn to Clearing, the service that helps find university places for students at the last moment. If they don't have the marks to get into their first choice of institution, Clearing tells them about places available at other universities, though they might have to read another subject.\nBut this year has seen a record number of people applying to university. This, combined with the weak economy, an uncertain job market and budget cuts at universities, means that _ than usual. Some sources say six students have applied for each remaining undergraduate university place.\nThe British university admissions service, UCAS, says up to a quarter of this year's university applicants --- almost 190,000 people --- still don't have a place on a degree course. That's a rise of over 46,000 students from last year.\nFaced with these figures, some British students might be thinking of an interesting alternative: studying abroad. The University of Nottingham, for example,is offering places at its campuses in Ningbo, near Shanghai, and Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. Students here can gain University of Nottingham degrees in business, accounting, engineering and English. Similarly, the University of Bolton says it has 'unlimited' places at its campus in the United Arab Emirates.\nGiven the problems getting into university, the UK's Higher Education Minister, David Willetts, encourages students who haven't made the grade to consider alternatives to university, such as apprenticeships and studying at home.\n\"There are a range of options available,\" he says. \"People are able to reapply. They should think how they can spend their year adding that bit to their CV, which would help their application --- getting practical work experience or extra skills --- anything that strengthens their chances next year.\"\nBut some experts say that rising university costs, poor long-term job prospects, and a drop in graduate recruitment mean it's the worst time to be a university student in the UK.", "id": "high3865.txt"}