{"answers": ["C", "D", "C", "C"], "options": [["A partner may come with a tall burning floor light in the south-west corner of your room.", "Good energy can be promoted if there is a lot of light in the living room.", "Bright lighting in the bedroom can light your mood.", "It is not a good idea to hang lights above your bed."], ["the head of your bed should be placed against a wall", "having a bed under a window should be avoided", "mirrors should not be opposite the bed", "your bed can't face the door for the sake of privacy"], ["it is economical to sleep and study in the same room", "fresh flowers ought to be put on the bookcase with sharp corners", "blinds or heavy curtains can be used to cover the window if your bed is under a window", "you can accumulate items as you please"], ["Feng shui--a magical power.", "How does positive and negative energy come to you?", "Change your room to change your life.", "How to reorganize your furniture."]], "questions": ["As for lights, which of the following statements is false?", "A bed should be put according to the following rules EXCEPT  _  .", "To avoid bad luck, the author will probably agree with the statement that  _  .", "Which do you think is the best title for the passage?"], "article": "Your living room\nFeng shui is all about balance. Try to arrange sofas and chairs in a square around a circular table. Avoid an L-shaped arrangement as this leaves a missing corner. The centre of the living room should be left clear. Make sure there is a lot of light, which will promote good energy.\nPut plants in the corners of the room, as they attract good energy and will energize your health, but not ones with sharp leaves such as yuccas or cactus. Fresh flowers also bring good energy, but throw them away as soon as they begin to die, and don't have dried flowers.\nMirrors are vital because they reflect energy. Round or oval ones are best, but they should not be opposite each other, nor should they reflect a door, otherwise your good fortune will go out of it.\nTo promote harmony between the members of your family, have photos of them around the room, preferably smiling. If you want to find a partner, energize the south-west corner of your living room or bedroom by placing a floor light at least 1.75m high there, and turn it on every evening. Surround yourself with decorations and objects in pairs, such as ducks or birds.\nTo avoid blocking the positive energy in the room, keep everything tidy. Don't accumulate too many unnecessary things. Take a look at every object, and ask yourself, \"Do I really need it? Do I really like it?\" If the answer is no, get rid of it.\nYour bedroom\nYou should have the head of your bed placed against a wall, as this gives you a sense of security. Avoid having a bed under a window, as you are exposed to danger and bad energy from outside. If this is impossible, use blinds or heavy curtains to cover the window. Never sleep in a place where you can't see the door--you should always be able to see someone who's coming in.\nAvoid hanging pictures or lights above your bed, as this leads to a subconscious feeling of threat. Don't put mirrors opposite the bed either, as they \"break up\" the image, and therefore the relationship reflected in them.\nKeep lighting low and soft, and decorate preferably with dark colors. Do not hang paintings of fierce animals, abstract subjects, or water in the bedroom. Water is very good elsewhere, but in the bedroom it suggests financial loss. Make sure you never put plants in the bedroom, and don't have a TV facing the bed, or at least cover it when it is not in use.\nYour study\nDon't use the same room for your bedroom and your study, as the different energies will be in conflict. If you have to do this, try to separate the areas either symbolically with plants, or with a screen. Put away piles of files or unfinished work--don't leave them on your desk. Being tidy promotes positive energy. Wherever you study make sure your desk is in the north-east corner, especially if you are preparing for exams, as this area symbolizes education.\nA bookcase is bad feng shui, as its sharp corners generate negative \"arrows\", and if you have one you ought to put a climbing plant on it to avoid this effect. Cupboards are better than open shelves.", "id": "high3868.txt"}