{"answers": ["D", "B", "C", "B", "A"], "options": [["telling a story", "giving an example", "offering an explanation", "describing a scene"], ["She had just gathered enough information from Time for Kids", "She wanted to write down what flashed through her mind in time.", "She knew from Mrs. Estevez the deadline for the contest was approaching.", "She was afraid she might miss the chance to compete with the former winner."], ["she missed him very much.", "he knew a great deal about space", "he influenced her to love the stars", "she treasured their happy moments"], ["Sharp.", "Proud.", "Aggressive.", "Enthusiastic."], ["Curiosity is important to human beings.", "A thirst for knowledge helps one grow up.", "Entering a contest is a way to achieve success.", "Curiosity changes people's attitude towards science."]], "questions": ["The method the writer uses to begin the passage is   _  .", "Why did the writer hurry home to finish the essay for the contest NASA held?", "The writer mentions her grandfather in order to show that   _  .", "Which best describes the writer's tone in the passage?", "What is conveyed in the passage?"], "article": "On August 5 at 10:31 p.m. PST, a rover named Curiosity touched down safely on the surface of Mars, and I was lucky enough to have a front-row seat.\nMy name is Clara, and when I was in Grade 6, I won the essay contest NASA held to name its next Mars rover. The essay I wrote was not even 250 words long, but somehow it was enough to change my life.\nI still remember that cold December day, sitting in a science class. I'd finished a worksheet early and decided to get a Time for Kids magazine off Mrs. Estevez's bookshelf. It was the 2008 Invention Issue, but that wasn't the only thing that caught my eye. In the magazine, there was an article about a girl who named the Mars Exploration Rovers, Spirit and Opportunity. The article also talked about the essay contest NASA was holding to name its next Mars rover. Before I even knew anything else about it, a single word flooded my 11-year-old mind: Curiosity.\nI couldn't wait for the bell to ring so I could get started on my essay. That afternoon, I raced home from the bus stop, sat down at the computer and typed until my fingers ached. It turned out that I was just in time. A few days later, and the contest would have closed.\nFive months later, shortly after I had turned 12, I was watching a National Geographic special on mammoths when the phone rang. My mom answered, and immediately, a wide smile spread across her face. When she told me that I had won, I was happier than I could ever remember being, I screamed and ran up and down the stairs and all around the house. I completely forgot about the mammoths and did not even remember to turn off the TV until it was really late.\nCuriosity is such an important part of who I am. I have always been fascinated by the stars, the planets, the sky and the universe. I remember as a little girl, my grandfather and I would sit together in the backyard for hours. He'd tell me stories and point out the stars.\nMy grandfather lived in China, thousands of miles away from my home in Kansas. I loved the stars because they kept us together even when we were apart. They were always there, yet there was so much I didn't know about them. That's what I love so much about space. No matter how much we learn, it will always possess some mystery.\nIn the past, space exploration may have been a competition to see who got somewhere first or the fastest. But now, it is one of the few things that bring people together. Science is a language that needs no translation. It doesn't matter where you're from or what you look like - you just have to have a thirst for knowledge and a passion for learning in order to succeed.\nPeople often ask me why we go to faraway places like Mars. Why do we explore? My answer to that is simple: because we can; because we're curious; because we as human beings do not just stay holed up in one place. We are constantly wondering and trying to find out what's over the hill and beyond the horizon.\nThe curiosity rover is more than just a robot. It is more than just a titanium body and aluminum wheels. Curiosity represents the hard work, passion, love and commitment of thousands of people from all over the world who were brought together by science. Science is so awesome. It is breathtaking and mind-blowing; and sometimes, it's just a little bit crazy. The discoveries we make about our world are incredibly humbling. They move us forward and have the potential to benefit all of mankind.\nThis December it will be four years of my life that have been tied to Curiosity in some way. I've met so many amazing people through this experience, from scientists to engineers to administrators to volunteers. Their devotion and enthusiasm inspire me greatly. My journey with Curiosity and the MSL mission team has shaped the person that I am today, as well as the person I would one day like to become.\nI am deeply grateful to everyone who made it possible for me to have this amazing adventure.\nAnd to you, I hope your curiosity takes you far.", "id": "high3875.txt"}