{"answers": ["D", "C", "A"], "options": [["often leads people to take more risks", "often leads people to make balanced decisions", "makes people think more of negative results", "makes people ignore the negative side of problems"], ["Stress is helpful in getting rid of addictions.", "People who are addicted to drugs are easily stressed.", "When women are stressed, they do not tend to take risks.", "When men are stressed, they are more likely to develop an addiction."], ["Stress can affect decision-making.", "Stress increases our desire to get rewards.", "We should think more about the upside of problems.", "There is a link between stress and negative experiences."]], "questions": ["From the article, we can conclude that stress  _  .", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the article?", "What is the central theme of the article?"], "article": "Trying to make a big decision while you're also preparing for a scary presentation? _ . Feeling stressed changes how people weigh risk and reward. However, an article published in Current Directions in Psychological Science, a journal of the Association for Psychological Science, suggests stressed people pay more attention to the positive sides of a possible outcome.\nIt's a bit surprising that stress makes people focus on the way things could go right, says Mara Mather of the University of Southern California. She co-wrote the review paper with Nichole R.Lighthall. \"This is sort of not what people would think, \" Mather says. \"Stress is usually associated with negative experiences, so you'd think, maybe I'm going to be more focused on the negative outcomes.\"\nBut researchers have found that when people are under stress, they start paying more attention to positive information and discounting negative information. \"Stress seems to help people learn from positive feedback and impairs their learning from negative feedback, \" Mather says.\nWhen people under stress are making a difficult decision, they may pay more attention to the good sides of the alternatives they're considering and less to the problems. So someone who's deciding whether to take a new job and is feeling stressed by the decision might focus on the increase in salary more than the longer commute .\nThe increased focus on the positives also helps explain why stress plays a role in addictions. People under stress have a harder time controlling their urges. \"The compulsion to get that reward comes stronger and they're less able to resist it,\" Mather says. A person who's under stress might think only about the good feelings they'll get from a drug, while the downsides shrink into the distance.\nStress also increases the differences in how men and women think about risk. When men are under stress, they become even more willing to take risks; when women are stressed, they get more conservative . Previous research backs this up -- men usually react to difficulties while trying to fight them or escape them; women try to find friends and improve their relationships.", "id": "high3885.txt"}