{"answers": ["D", "B"], "options": [["drinking a lot of water", "drinking chicken soups", "eating honey", "forcing yourself to eat"], ["now scientists have found out practical treatment for colds", "different people may have different ways to fight against colds", "working in freezing weather is the main reason for colds", "colds can be passed from animals to human beings"]], "questions": ["If you have a cold, you can do the following except   _  .", "It can be inferred from the passage that   _  ."], "article": "As we know, it is common for people to catch a cold in winter and most people believe they know the reason for colds. However, scientists say people have some wrong beliefs about the cause of colds.\nMany people think that once you get infected by colds, you will not be easy to be attacked by colds for the rest of your life. That's not the case. There are about 200 different viruses that cause the common cold. You catch a cold because of one kind of them this time, but you might catch a cold next time because of another.\nOthers believe that people get sick just because of the cold weather in winter. That is also wrong.\nIt's because people tend to stay closer in winter and the cold virus is _ from one person to another through handshakes, sneezing, or coughing.\nWhile there is no actual cure for the common cold, scientists say there are still a few things you can do to help you. Some experts say honey and chicken soup are effective against colds. Especially honey. There is increasing evidence that it helps shorten the duration of the common cold sometimes even by two to three days particularly in children. Chicken soup also helps reduce the duration of the cold.\nIn addition, if you do have a cold and you don't feel like eating anything, it's not going to hurt you but you have to drink a lot and you can drink water or tea because doctors say the water cycle in your bodies helps to cure colds. That's very important. Though there is more than one way to deal with colds, doctors say the best advice is to continue using whatever works best for you.", "id": "high3911.txt"}