{"answers": ["B", "C", "C"], "options": [["How my father loved me", "My father--the person I admire most", "I am the apple of my father's eye", "My father--the one who influenced me most"], ["Considerate and humorous.", "Affectionate  and open-minded.", "Knowledgeable and sociable.", "Energetic and helpful."], ["She appreciated her father because he solved all the problems for her.", "She considered her father humorous and was often made to laugh by him.", "She had pity on the fatherless.", "She was outstanding in work because her father pushed her hard."]], "questions": ["What is the best title for the passage?", "Which of the following could not be used to describe the author's father?", "What can we infer about the author?"], "article": "Many people influenced various aspects of my life, based on their personal characteristics, accomplishments, and values. I have been fortunate to have had numerous teachers and professors who I respect for their patience and intelligence. There are artists that have inspired me by their natural talents and original creativity. I value many political leaders, who have inspired me by their contributions to society, and their ability to change our futures. But of all the people I have known in my life, the person I admire most is my father.\nAs the youngest girl in my family, I always considered myself to be\"Daddy's little girl\". While I grew up, it always made me sad to see so many of my friends and neighbors without a father or father-like figure around. This helped me appreciate how my father always takes an interest in his children's lives. In every aspect of my life my father continuously pushes me to _ , so I could accomplish my work outstandingly among my people. Whenever I feel like giving up, or have a question or a concern, I know I can always call on him for advice. _ His strength seems to be unbreakable during hard times, and he is extremely determined to accomplish anything he sets his mind on, no matter how tiny it is. I highly respect him for how he stands up for what he believes in, and will never back down. I have always admired his open mind, compassion  for people, and sense of understanding. He is a very reserved  man, but to everybody's surprise, he has a great sense of humor, and always knows how to put a smile on the faces of his wife, his children and his friends.\nLiving in his affection and instruction, I am very proud of my father. He also professes   how proud he is of his children, and is still there to support us in whatever we are involved in.", "id": "high3915.txt"}