{"answers": ["C", "C", "D"], "options": [["advise us to spend more time enjoying plays", "explain why England has so many wonderful plays", "tell us about some famous British playwrights and their works", "tell us the differences among some British playwrights"], ["The Dumb Waiter and A Woman of No Importance.", "Richard III and A Woman of No Importance.", "An Ideal Husband and Candida.", "Candida and Betrayal."], ["William Shakespeare.", "Oscar Wilde.", "George Bernard Shaw.", "Harold Pinter."]], "questions": ["The writer wrote this passage to  _  .", "Which of the following plays were most probably written in the same period of time?", "Who was mentioned in this passage that he had received the Nobel Prize because of his writing?"], "article": "England has been the birthplace of most of the great English-language theater written throughout history. Most of the plays in England that are truly famous have something in common. They usually come from a playwright  with several famous plays.\nShakespeare\nWilliam Shakespeare is considered the most famous British playwright. Shakespeare has a large catalog  of tragedies, comedies and history plays, and each category is home to some of the most famous plays ever written. _ are all tragedies and performed in theaters around the world every year. Famous comedies include A Midsummer Night's Dream and Much Ado About Nothing. In the history category, Richard III and Henry V are very famous.\nOscar Wilde and George Bernard Shaw\nSeveral hundred years after Shakespeare, English people began to enjoy the works of Oscar Wilde and George Bernard Shaw. Wilde's plays are still popular now, and The Importance of Being Earnest is both performed and studied extremely frequently. A Woman of No Importance and An Ideal Husband are among his other famous works. Shaw and Wilde were born within a few years of each other, but Shaw was a much more productive writer. His most famous plays include Pygmalion and Candida. Shaw's plays are loved so much that an entire theater company is devoted to performing his work in Niagara-on-the-Lake in southern Ontario.\nHarold Pinter\nThe plays of Harold Pinter certainly have an international presence. His writing was so widely recognized for its importance that he was awarded the Nobel Prize in literature in 2005. Pinter is especially known for his style of writing. Many of his plays such as Betrayal, The Dumb Waiter and his first play, The Room, are extremely well known.", "id": "high3916.txt"}