{"answers": ["D", "D"], "options": [["advise us to respect and protect wildlife", "encourage us to spend more time working outside", "explain why education is important for our career", "introduce a good career to those who are interested in wildlife"], ["fisheries biologists like working in winter most", "fisheries biologists can easily get bored of their work", "fisheries biologists get to fish all the time all year round", "fisheries biologists spend a lot of time working outside in spring and fall"]], "questions": ["We can infer this passage was written to  _  .", "It can be inferred from the passage that  _  ."], "article": "Do you enjoy watching beautiful sunsets and seeing wildlife in some of the best parts of Wisconsin? Do you like being around people who share the same respect and love for natural resources? If you say\"yes\", then a fisheries biologist is a great career choice for you.\nAs you can probably guess, education is very important. A Bachelor of Science degree in fisheries or biology is strongly recommended . Many biologists have a Master's degree. But it's not only good education that prepares you for a career as a fisheries biologist--field experience is also important. Volunteer work, internships  and short-term fish technician positions are good ways to gain valuable training that can give you an edge in the competitive job market.\nIn addition to good education and field experience, a fisheries biologist needs other skills. You'll spend a lot of time working with the public, so it's important to feel comfortable talking to a variety of people. Good communication, listening, and presentation  skills are a must.\nA common _ among many people is that fisheries biologists get to fish all the time. Most biologists wish that were true. But as a fisheries biologist, you are especially busy during the fishing season, which leaves little time for you to actually go fishing. It's sad, but true.\nEach day brings something different in the life of a fisheries biologist. In the spring and fall, you spend a lot of time on the water shocking fish in order to sample the population, studying fish, and talking with people. The winter is spent analyzing  fish data and communication with the public.\nSo if you find fish interesting and fun to learn about, and like working both outside and inside, consider a career as a fisheries biologist. You'll never be bored!", "id": "high3917.txt"}