{"answers": ["C", "C", "B", "D"], "options": [["Algebra.", "College Mathematics.", "Arithmetic.", "Mathematics Education."], ["Stronger imaginative ability.", "Additional presentation skills.", "More mathematical confidence.", "Greater chances of becoming teachers."], ["He is a guest lecturer at Kentucky Educational Television.", "He is to deliver 30 lectures in Basic Math.", "He works in Georgia State University.", "He specializes in training teachers."], ["A news report.", "A book review", "A lesson plan.", "An advertisement"]], "questions": ["What does the course Basic Math mainly cover?", "What benefits can students expect from Basic Math?", "What can we learn about Professor H. Siegel?", "Where is the passage most likely to have been taken from?"], "article": "The Basics of Math--Made Clear\nBasic Math introduces students to the basic concepts of mathematics, as well as the fundamentals of more tricky areas. These 30 fantastic lectures are designed to provide students with an understanding of arithmetic and to prepare them for Algebra  and beyond.\nThe lessons in Basic Math cover every basic aspect of arithmetic. They also look into exponents , the order of operations, and square roots. In addition to learning how to perform various mathematical operations, students discover why these operations work, how a particular mathematical topic relates to other branches of mathematics, and how these operations can be used practically.\nBasic Math starts from the relatively easier concepts and gradually moves on to the more troublesome ones, so as to allow for steady and sure understanding of the material by students. The lectures offer students the chance to \"make sense\" of mathematical knowledge that may have seemed so frightening. They also help students prepare for college mathematics and overcome their anxiety about this amazing--and completely understandable--field of study.\nBy the conclusion of the course, students will have improved their understanding of basic math. They will be able to clear away the mystery  of mathematics and face their studies with more confidence than they ever imagined. In addition, they will strengthen their ability to accept new and exciting mathematical challenges.\nProfessor H. Siegel, honored by Kentucky Educational Television as \"the best math teacher in America,\" is a devoted teacher and has a gift for explaining mathematical concepts in ways that make them seem clear and obvious. From the basic concrete ideas to the more abstract problems, he is master in making math lectures learner-friendlier and less scary.\nWith a PhD in Mathematics Education from Georgia State University, Dr. Siegel teaches mathematics at Central Arizona College. His courses include various make-up classes and a number of lectures for future primary school teachers.\nIf the course fails to provide complete satisfaction to you, you can easily exchange it for any other course that we offer. Or you can get your money back.", "id": "high392.txt"}