{"answers": ["A", "B", "A", "A"], "options": [["Travelers.", "Teachers.", "Students.", "Language experts."], ["Travelling around the world with English-speakers.", "Taking a course in an English-speaking country.", "Learning from all kinds of books or DVDs.", "Learning on the Internet by yourselves."], ["To research the causes of cultural differences.", "To understand the customs of your destination.", "To avoid embarrassing mistakes on your journey.", "To have more opportunities to communicate with others."], ["learning English well will make you achieve goals more easily", "learning English only aims at achieving business success", "without learning English, your friendships will be limited wherever you are", "you needn't learn English if you don't want to travel"]], "questions": ["What kind of people is English important to according to the passage?", "Which of the following is the best way to learn English well?", "According to the passage, which of the following is NOT the aim of learning basic English?", "We can infer from the passage that   _  ."], "article": "If English is not your first language, it is a good idea to take English language classes to improve your written and spoken communication skills. There are many ways to learn English. You can learn from a book, a DVD, on the Internet or by attending classes. One of the most successful ways to improve your English is to join a course in a country where English is widely spoken. The more you practice, the more you will learn. But why learn the English language? English is an important language for anyone who is planning to travel or become involved in business.\nMany people love travelling, but if their English is poor, it can be difficult to understand signs, read directions and make themselves understood. Before travelling, it is important to understand the culture and customs of the places you visit. Learning basic English before you travel will help you to understand these customs and avoid mistakes that could be embarrassing. When you are travelling, you will also enjoy meeting new people. If you can speak English, you will have a better chance of being able to communicate with the people you meet. Many of your new friends will speak English and others will have English as a second language. Without English, your friendships will be limited as you travel around the world.\nIf you are involved in business, it is important to be able to communicate in English. The Internet, world travel and modern communication systems have made the world seem like a much smaller place. These days business people interact with customers and other business people from all over the world. That makes your English language skills more important than ever. There are many English language courses that major in business communications. Improving your English skills is one of the best things you could ever do to increase your chances of business success.", "id": "high3925.txt"}