{"answers": ["A", "B", "A", "C"], "options": [["knowingfactsbeyondthestatement", "lookingformoreevidencesforthestatement", "findingoutadifferentmeaningfromthestatement", "addingsomefactstothestatement"], ["Readers'guessing.", "Thebasicelementsofthestory.", "Thesettingofthestory.", "Theinterrelationshipsbetweenpeopleinthestory."], ["Inferringcanreallyhelpthereaderdevelopimaginationandenrichhimself.", "Inferringcanhelpthereaderwriteastoryofhisown.", "Thereadershouldlookforanexperiencedescribedinthestoryhereads.", "Theexperiencedescribedinthestorywillleaveagreatimpactonitsreader."], ["Inferringisanartofwriting.", "Inferringisaneedinfictionwriting", "Inferringisthebasicskillinreadingfiction.", "Inferringiscommoninreading."]], "questions": ["According to the author, \"infer\" means   _   .", "What is inferring in fiction based on?", "What is the implied meaning of the last sentence?", "What is the main idea of this passage?"], "article": "The art of reading fiction is largely a matter of inferring meanings. To infer means to understand facts which are not directly stated---only suggested. Inference is one of the commonest ways of knowing things: a child holds his knee and cries; this action implies his feeling; an observer infers that the child is hurt. To infer accurately in everyday life requires caution in observing; to infer skillfully in fiction requires caution in reading; both require disciplined imagination.\nThe short-story reader can expect to find certain basic elements in any story. For example, all stories involve a person or persons, in a particular setting, faced with a demand for a response. The response called for may be a physical action, such as defeating an adversary  or escaping from a danger; or it may be a mental action, such as adjusting to others or within oneself. In either case, the short story is a description in two ways: first, it shows the motives for a given human action; second, it makes a point about the general human situation. Such descriptions, however, rather than being stated directly, usually are implied by the elements of the story.\nWhen the reader of a story understands all the facts and their interrelationships, he is ready to infer the significance of the story as a whole---its comment on the human situation. This comment, or theme, is the seed from which the story grew. It is also the idea by which all the separate elements of the story are governed, while these in turn further shape and modify the theme. In addition to action, character, and setting, these elements include structure, mood, tone, and point of view.\nFiction reading requires an awareness of all the ways in which a story communicates. It also requires attention to detail. What the author provides is a network of points which serve as clues to his meaning. He invites the reader to develop the meaning by inference, actually to create much of the story himself and so make it part of his own experience.", "id": "high3938.txt"}