{"answers": ["D", "C", "A"], "options": [["to award the last gold medal", "to raise the flags of the winners for the last time", "to hunt for souvenirs", "the closing ceremony"], ["all are called on to meet again in four years' time", "there is no music", "the name of the city for the next Games is showed", "Olympic flame is taken out of the stadium"], ["All of them are not present at the ceremony.", "They are competitors rather than friends.", "They can't help worrying about losing the games.", "They exchange clothes for fun."]], "questions": ["The last event of the Olympic Games is   _  .", "At the closing ceremony, it is found that   _  .", "Which of the following statements is TRUE about the athletes at the closing ceremony?"], "article": "Two weeks after the opening ceremony, the Games are over. The last of the three hundred gold medals has been awarded and the flags of the winners have been raised for the last time.\nThe final event is the closing ceremony. This occasion is always sad and happy at the same time. It is a sad occasion because the tremendous excitement is over, and it will not happen again for four years. Those who have made friends will have to say goodbye, perhaps for ever. It is also a happy occasion because the competition is over and the athletes can really show their friendship for one another.\nThe closing ceremony is rather like the opening. But now the Olympic flame goes out and the Olympic flag, with its five rings, is lowered. The person who closes the Games calls upon the youth of the world to meet again in four years' time. The scoreboard lights up with the name of the city for the next Games and the band starts to play. Then the celebration starts.\nAll the athletes try to be at the closing ceremony. They have forgotten all their fears and worries. It does not matter whether they have done well or not. All the teams walk round the stadium together. Everybody is laughing and joking. The band plays and people start to dance.\nAfter that, everybody in the Village _ and gets ready to leave. Everyone is hunting for souvenirs. People exchange track suits, hats, running vests and badges. There is a last chance to take photographs and get addresses of new friends. Then each team starts its journey home.", "id": "high3945.txt"}