{"answers": ["D", "C"], "options": [["its charming banks", "its famous museums", "its wonderful palaces", "its attractive buildings"], ["The universal value of the world heritage in Liverpool", "The exciting experience of the author in Liverpool", "The special cultural atmosphere of Liverpool", "The beautiful historic sites of Liverpool"]], "questions": ["Visitors who see the city for the first time would be deeply impressed by  _", "What is the passage mainly about?"], "article": "Liverpool, my hometown, is a unique city. It is so unique that in 2004 it became a World Heritage Site.\nI recently returned to my home city and my first stop was at a museum on the River Mersey. Blanketed in mist , Victorian architecture rose from the banks of the river, responded to the sounds of sea-birds, and appeared unbelievably charming. When I headed toward the centre, I found myself surrounded by buildings that mirror the best palaces of Europe. It is not hard to imagine why, on first seeing the city, most visitors would be overpowered by the beauty of the noble buildings, which are solid signs of Liverpool's history.\nAs if to stress its cultural role, Liverpool has more museums and galleries  than most cities in Britain. At Walker Art Gallery, I was told that it has the best collections of Victorian paintings in the world, and is the home of modern art in the north of England. However, culture is more than galleries. Liverpool offers many music events. As Britain's No.1 music city, it has the biggest city music festival in Europe, and its musicians are famous all over the world. Liverpool is also well-known for its football and other sports events. Every year, the Mersey River Festival attracts thousands of visitors, making the city a place of wonder.\nAs you would expect from such a city, there are restaurants serving food from around the world. When my trip was about to complete, I chose to rest my legs in Liverpool's famous Philharmonic pub . It is a monument to perfection, and a heritage attraction itself.\nBeing a World Heritage Site, my home city is certainly a place of \"outstanding universal value\". It is a treasure house with plenty of secrets for the world to explore.", "id": "high3957.txt"}