{"answers": ["C", "A"], "options": [["At the age of 3, Annalisee took an IQ test, in which she scored above 145.", "Finding no school willing to take Annalisee, her father had to homschool her.", "The Davidson Academy of Nevada emphasizes social gift more than academic gift.", "After being enrolled by the academy, Annalisee enjoyed her school life without ant argument with her classmates."], ["Annalisee has realized her problem and is gradually changing her attitude towards others.", "One of the main functions of the gifted education is to provide a good social setting for the highly gifted.", "Without the academy, Annalisee couldn't have learnt so much.", "Like Annalisee, many other smart kids also have the similar trouble."]], "questions": ["According to the passage, which of the following is true?", "What can you infer from the passage?"], "article": "Annalisee Brasil, a 14-year-old girl, is one of the brightest kids of her generation. When Annalisee was 3, her mother Angi noticed that she was stringing together word cards into correct sentences. After the girl turned 6, her mother took her for an IQ text. Her IQ is above 145, placing the girl in the top 0.1% of the population. Annalisee should be the star pupil at school. She is witty and pretty, and it's easy to imagine she would get along well at school. But Annalisee's parents couldn't find a school willing to take their daughter. So her mother homeschooled Annalisee.\nBut Angi felt something was missing in her daughter's life. Annalisee didn't have a rich social network of other kids. She had trouble getting along with others. She described herself as a \" _ \" and said other students sometimes were jealous of her.\nWhat's needed is a new model for gifted education. That's the idea behind the Davidson Academy of Nevada. At the academy, all the kids are skipping ahead quickly. However, the academy's most important gift to its students is social, not academic. One of the main functions of the school is to provide a good social setting for the highly gifted.\nLast year the school enrolled Annalisee, which has been good for her. She has made friends at the academy. She has also developed an interest in calculus  and biochemistry . Socially, Annalisee is finally learning to get along with others. \"It's been interesting having to deal with that and getting used to the judgments of other kinds,\" she said. \"We get into arguments a lot, because we're all really smart people with opinions, and it doesn't always turn out that great. Sometimes I take things a little too personally.\"\nWhat is the passage mainly about?\nAnnalisee Brasil----the star pupil at school.\nA smart girl who entered a proper school and benefited from gifted education.\nA smart girl who had trouble getting along with others.\nA girl who was too smart to find a suitable school.", "id": "high3961.txt"}