{"answers": ["D", "A"], "options": [["the UK had a warm November", "the US had many wildfires", "the UK had a dry summer", "East Africa had little rain"], ["Proper climate action will be useful.", "Europe is providing limited job opportunities.", "It's everyone's duty to protect the environment.", "Everyone needs time to get used to extreme weather."]], "questions": ["According to the passage, in 2012   _  .", "Which of the following statements does the author probably agree with?"], "article": "The summer of 2012 was full of reports of extreme weather: one of the warmest years on record in the US, the wettest summer in the UK, and the worst drought   in East Africa. In short, extreme weather seems to be becoming the new normal. Weather extremes are not that extreme any more. Heatwaves, droughts and wildfires are the new reality of a warming world.\nAnd this should not come as a surprise. Scientists have been warning for years that as the planet heats up, we will have to deal with more dreadful weather. Although not every extreme weather event is the result of climate change, scientists are now much more confident about connecting weather events with climate change. In 2011, the UK had a warm November. Researchers say that it was at least 60 times more likely to happen because of climate change than because of natural changes in the earth's weather systems.\nAll the news shows that climate breakdown is occurring faster than most climate scientists had expected. But isn't it too expensive to stop the climate from changing? Well, yes it costs. So everything is just as usual. It would be wrong to believe that to let things continue as they always do is the cheap choice. Instead, it is very expensive. Just one example: droughts in the US, Russia and the Ukraine sent food prices to a record high. According to the World Bank, the price for corn increased by 113% in some markets in Mozambique and in Sudan. This is the kind of cost that often gets ignored.\nI believe intelligent climate action can help create new opportunities for jobs in Europe, for encouraging creativity and competitiveness, for spending less money on energy.", "id": "high3968.txt"}