{"answers": ["B"], "options": [["Moved.", "Delighted.", "Disappointed.", "Nervous."]], "questions": ["Which of the following words best describes the whole family's feeling about the train journey?"], "article": "We were on the way from Hutchinson to Chicago for a short spring break. For many years I had wanted to take my family on the train. We all had been to Chicago four years ago, and the kids loved it. Chicago is one of my favorite cities, too, so the thought struck me again last fall to ride the train to Chicago. Of course, flying would have been faster. But I don't think flying is easier, especially these days, with all the security and waiting in lines at airports.\nThough we were tired in the middle of the night, the kids got on the train with the _ of this adventure. \"We're moving,\" my son William shouted happily with big eyes as the train began to pull away from the Hutchinson station.\nI removed my shoes and lay down to try to finish my night's sleep. The sleeper car would have better enabled that, but the ordinary train seats were not too bad. An airline flight is a more miserable experience for me: not enough room, two hours of pain with my knees almost touching my chin, the hard seatback in front cracking my kneecaps   with every move of the body planted in front of me. On the train I could almost outstretch all of my 6-foot-2-plus body in the generous legroom.\nThe journey didn't feel at all as long as it was. We all found the train ride a joy. The car ride would have felt every minute of 13 hours. But on the train you are free to walk around, sit in the observation carriage for a while and enjoy the scenery out the windows, have a nice meal in the dining car, read a book, or play a board game.\nIn short, the train is all about enjoying the trip, which isn't something I do so much when traveling by airline or by car, when the trip seems more of a mission   to get there than an experience to enjoy along the way.\nChicago offers much to do for a family. This time, getting there was half the fun.", "id": "high3969.txt"}