{"answers": ["A", "C", "B"], "options": [["Heroes.", "Cowboys.", "Soldiers.", "Athletes."], ["Jane Eyre.", "Earthquake.", "Ben Hur.", "The Ten Commandments."], ["He began to show his talent in Ben Hut.", "He used to be a soldier.", "He was once awarded by Kennedy.", "He won eleven Academy Awards."]], "questions": ["What kind of role did Charlton Heston often play in films?", "Which film won Best Actor for Charlton Heston?", "What can we learn about Charlton Heston according to the passage?"], "article": "Charlton Heston was born in 1923 in Evanston, Illinois. Charlton Heston discovered his interest in acting while performing in plays at his high school. He later spent two years studying theater at Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois. But he left college to join the Army Air Forces during World War Two.\nAfter the war, he found small roles in the theater as well as in television shows. His performance in a television version of the book Jane Eyre caught the attention of the Hollywood producer Cecil B. DeMille who later asked Heston to play the role of Moses in his movie The Ten Commandments which came out in 1956. This role made Heston famous and defined   his career as a hero and leader. His face and body represented strength and heroism in many different roles. He played cowboys, soldiers and athletes.\nThe 1959 movie Ben Hur made Charlton Heston an even bigger star. Ben Hur won eleven Academy Awards, including Best Actor for Charlton Heston. Heston starred in many adventure movies during the 1960s. In the 1970s, Heston appeared in popular disaster movies like Earthquake,. Skyjacked and Airport 1975.\nCharlton Heston was also very active in the movie industry. He worked to help set up the American Film Institute. In 1977 he was honored for his service in the industry. He received the Jean Hersholt Humanitarian Award from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. In 1997 he was awarded a Kennedy Center Honor. And, in 2003, President Bush gave Charlton Heston a Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation's highest civilian honor.\nIn 2000, Charlton Heston issued a statement announcing that he had an Alzheimer's disease. He died in 2008 at his home in Beverly Hills, California.", "id": "high3982.txt"}