{"answers": ["A", "C", "B", "A"], "options": [["The engineering solutions to water resource and their limitation.", "The challenge for the future.", "The basic means of controlling water.", "The challenge for developing crops."], ["The ecological destruction will be known to the public by researchers", "The ecological destruction will no longer be a problem in the future", "The future is an information age", "Governments will face greater challenge in the future"], ["Water resource should be used more reasonably.", "More dams should be built in river basins.", "More wetlands should be protected from destruction.", "More dry-land crops could be developed in Africa."], ["No one will invest in developing locally appropriate crops in Africa", "Researchers have no interest in developing dry-land crops", "Research on locally appropriate crops in the Third World may be profitable", "There is less water resource in the Third World"]], "questions": ["What's the main idea of this passage?", "The author suggests that governments will have no excuse for their careless ignorance in the future because   _  .", "Which of the following statements is NOT true for meeting our basic needs for water?", "The last sentence probably implies that   _  ."], "article": "Life on earth depends on water, and there is no substitute for it. The current assumption is that our basic needs for water--whether for drinking, agriculture, industry or the raising of fish--will always have to be met. Given this premise  , there are two basic routes we can go; more equal access to water or better engineering solutions.\nLook at the engineering solutions first. A lot of my research concentrates on what happens to wetlands when you build dams in river basins, particularly in Africa. The ecology of such areas is almost entirely driven by the seasonal changes of the river--the pulse of the water. And the fact is that if you build a dam, you generally spoil the downstream ecology. In the past, such problems have been hidden by a lack of information. But in the near future, governments will have no excuses for their ignorance.\nThe engineers' ability to control water flows has created new kinds of unpredictability, too. Dams in Africa have meant fewer fish, less grazing and less floodplain   agriculture, none of which were expected. And there average economic life is assumed to be thirty years. Dams don't exist forever, but what will replace them is not clear.\nThe challenge for the future is to find new means of controlling water. Although GM technology  will allow us to breed better dry-land crops, there is no market for companies to develop crops suitable for the micro-climates of the Sahel and elsewhere in Africa. Who is going to pay for research on locally appropriate crops in the Third World?", "id": "high3997.txt"}