{"answers": ["B", "D", "A"], "options": [["To show how students can find a part-time job.", "To discuss the issue of students' part-time work.", "To stress the importance of students' part-time work.", "To explain what is a part-time job."], ["without counselors' help, few students can get employed", "teenagers show strong interest in part-time work", "experts encourage students do more part-time work", "too much part-time work can lead to bad academic performance"], ["Students should balance part-time work well with other things.", "Part-time work is important for most students at college.", "Experts' advice is the key to finding a good part-time job.", "All in all, students had better not spend time on part-time work"]], "questions": ["What's the purpose of the passage?", "According to the passage, we know that   _  .", "What can be concluded from the passage?"], "article": "For some students, especially those from poor families, taking a job is not a matter of choice, but necessity. They need to work to save for college, or even to supplement family income. Counselors should help students who have a real need to work improve time management skills and seek employment that helps their educational goals.\n\"College costs are high, and young adults also want the amenities   that extra money brings,\" according to John B. Boshoven, counselor for continuing education at Community High School in Michigan. However, he warns, \"School is my students' full-time job.\"\nStudies show that students who work are more confident and possess better time management skills than students who are not employed. In addition to offering a paycheck, some independence, and satisfaction, a part-time job can provide teenagers with both training and experience. Working teaches students about responsibility and can also reinforce   what they are learning in school. \"Colleges want to find candidates who demonstrate maturity, responsibility, independence, and initiative, and good workers certainly demonstrate those important character traits,\" Boshoven says. \"Employers can write excellent recommendation letters for the students who have worked for them.\"\nOn the other hand, experts agree that students who work more than 15 to 20 hours per week often experience lessened school success, which can lead to dropping out entirely. Working long hours can also limit opportunities to build friendships and explore interests that enhance a teenager's intellectual and emotional development.\nThe major point that students should keep in mind is the importance of balance. Dan Crabtree, college and career counselor at Wheaton Academy in Illinois, explains, \"We want our students to establish a healthy balance in life and work to maintain it throughout their lives.\" If working will interfere with completing school work, participating in extracurricular activities, spending time with family and friends, or getting enough rest, it may not be a wise decision.", "id": "high3998.txt"}