{"answers": ["D", "B", "A"], "options": [["living level and education", "ages and pretty clothing", "the Thai's customs", "the Thai's belief"], ["anywhere in Thailand", "Thai resort areas or big hotels", "Thai museums or big streets", "Thai theaters or restaurants"], ["his young boss", "a younger stranger", "his younger colleagues", "his close friend"]], "questions": ["Thai classical dance is related to   _  .", "If you want to watch Thai culture dance shows you can go to  _  .", "In Thailand a worker uses the gesture the wai to greet   _  ."], "article": "Thailand is a country with a long and rich history. It is also one of those countries which have many traditions which modern times fortunately have not affected. Thailand is famous for its unique culture. It is well worth noting that Thai culture handed down from one generation to the next.\nThai Classical Dance\nThe inspiring culture includes local music and wonderful Thai dances. The dances of course have something to do with its deep rooted Buddhist religion, fighting arts and beautiful clothing. Thai classical dance performances are generally performed by gracious  Thai ladies wearing beautiful Thai local costumes. Most resort  areas and many hotels frequently offer these Thai culture dance shows for foreign visitors.\nThai Greeting\nThe Thai unique gesture of greeting another person, the wai, is especially one of the great aspects of Thai culture. The wai is when a person joins both hands to either head or chest level while bending their head slightly towards their hands. This way of greeting is especially done when a younger person greets an older person and it indicates a sign of respect to their elders. Employees would also wai their managers even if the manager would be younger than themselves.\nBangkok\nBangkok is the culture center of Thailand and has been the Thai capital since the end of the eighteenth century. Observing Thai culture in Bangkok can be great experience as the combination of modern times and traditions have created a kind of unique atmosphere. Bangkok offers a package of Thai culture which is shown by numerous beautiful Buddhist temples and many examples of modern Thai architecture.\nBangkok National Museum\nAnother location in Bangkok where one can enjoy and see Thai culture is at the famed Bangkok national museum, which offers tourists an opportunity to view national treasures and unique Thai art pieces with its culture feature dating back as early as the late sixteenth century.", "id": "high3999.txt"}