{"answers": ["D", "C", "A"], "options": [["are ready to change their minds", "are easily affected by windy weather", "don't have the power to face their fate", "can't control themselves in life"], ["success is the result of hard work", "working hard will lead to success", "their failure is only because of bad luck", "they don't make efforts to succeed"], ["Success is a choice", "The secrets of success", "Develop our confidence", "How to achieve success"]], "questions": ["People with low self-confidence are compared to leaves because they  _  .", "Losers would think that   _  .", "Which is the best title for the text?   _  ."], "article": "From now on, never spend your precious time thinking of reasons for your failures and shortcomings. Instead, realize that the seeds of success were planted within you when you were born. Only you have the power to make those seeds grow.\nThe seeds, and the power to grow them, are contained in the most awesome machine ever created: the human mind. Success is a choice and not a chance. You were born a winner. You were born rich. You can be a success if only you make the right choice.\nYou cannot be successful without first developing your self-confidence. Your level of self-confidence is always based on the degree of control that you are able to exercise over yourself, and thus over your life. People with low self-confidence are people who do not believe that they have any power, or responsibility for their lives. They are mere victims. They are leaves tossed   by the winds of chance blown about with any sudden change in the weather.\nYou can exercise control over your life only to the degree that you believe that you are responsible for everything that happens in your life. Failures think that everything happens by accident and chance. Successful people realize that they are responsible.\nEverything happens as a result of something. If we can identify the cause, we can control the effect. We are responsible for what we choose to think and believe. One generally rises to the level that one expects. We are responsible for setting our expectations. Our success is dependent upon our level of confidence.\nIf you associate with positive-thinking people, you are definitely going to achieve success. On the contrary, the opposite happens. We are responsible for finding, planting, and nurturing the seeds that contain future victory, born from setbacks.\nIn short, in all areas of your life, whether they be financial, physical, emotional, or spiritual, you are responsible. Once you recognize this, accept it, and firmly believe it, you are on the road to success.", "id": "high4018.txt"}