{"answers": ["A", "D", "C"], "options": [["Students' passion for activities was high at first but disappeared gradually.", "Students' passion for activities grew gradually because they were interesting.", "Students were too busy to take part in activities after their classes.", "Students were unwilling to participate in activities because of their leaders."], ["a supporter of activities", "a responsible teacher", "a top student in class", "a devoted class leader"], ["develop better talents and skills", "improve their abilities and creativity", "work together to make a better class", "adopt others' advice patiently"]], "questions": ["Which of the following statements is TRUE?", "We can infer from the passage that the writer must be   _  .", "The writer hopes that all the members of the class will   _  ."], "article": "Actually we have known a lot of examples and meaningful words to support the fact that we should try our best to ease the bad impression of others. Just like the old saying goes, we should give a better assumption to the one than we think he was. But many of us always fail to do this.\nTake the situation of my class for example. Right at the beginning of the first semester when we were freshmen we all showed great favor to each other. And when there was an activity that needed some people to join, we would be willing to attend whether it was interesting or not. And we were really like brothers and sisters, and our class was just like a family, a warm family. But now, I feel tired of those meaningless activities not only because of the boring activities themselves but also the cool response of our classmates.\nI think the reasons why the passion of most classmates is so low may be as follows:\nTo start with, many of us take part in more than one organization, which will certainly make us tired. Also, in the study fields, many of us may find that our courses are sometimes difficult to understand or comprehend, especially the specialized subjects. Moreover, \"history\" teaches us that if one does not study hard, it is possible to fail in the exams. So it is a big and good excuse to say that \"I do really want to attend, but I have a lot of homework to do, so...\"\nLast but not least, some people believe that some of our leaders should not be regarded as a leader, maybe I should say we, as leaders, lost the reputation, support and trust of yours. At least I am the warm-hearted one, although I cannot promise you that your advice will be adopted surely, at least I will spare no effort to \"give\" you the right to be heard, and to serve you.\nBe active to show your talents and abilities and to create a better image of our class. Most important of all, work painstakingly for a better condition that we should have reached.", "id": "high4038.txt"}