{"answers": ["C", "B", "B"], "options": [["Latitudes", "Longitudes", "Navigators", "Sailors"], ["To help trade expeditions.", "To locate a precise place.", "To cross the lines of the nearest point.", "To identify how far a place is."], ["The map and the globe", "Latitude and longitude", "The equator and the prime meridian", "Absolute coordinates"]], "questions": ["_   make it possible for people to find an exact place on Earth.", "Why do maps include degrees of latitude and longitude?", "The best title for this passage is   _  ."], "article": "Where on Earth are you? Navigators   use lines of latitude and lines of longitude to locate places. Lines of latitude run east and west around Earth. On a map or globe, these lines appear as running sideways or horizontally. Lines of longitude run north and south around Earth. These lines go up and down or vertically on a map or globe. These lines create an imaginary graph paper on the Earth. They make it possible to find an absolute, or exact, location on Earth. They even allow us to give an absolute location to a place out in the middle of the ocean.\nLines of latitude tell us how far north or south of the Equator we are. Sailors have used primitive navigation tools, like astrolabes, since ancient times. The astrolabe uses the sun and stars to find an approximate location. Using such tools, they have been able to approximate their distance from the equator. Although their instruments may not have been the high quality we have now, they were incredibly accurate   for their time.\nLines of longitude tell us how far east or west of the prime meridian   we are. Sailors constantly looked for new ways to increase their navigation skills. Still, it wasn't until the 18th century that they were able to measure degrees of longitude. They would have been very envious of the technology available to us today.\nWhen we use lines of latitude and longitude together, we can get a very precise location. If we want to identify the absolute location of a point, we look where the latitude and longitude lines cross nearest to that point. We use the coordinates   for that point as its address. Many maps today include degrees of latitude and longitude.", "id": "high4044.txt"}