{"answers": ["C", "B"], "options": [["To predict a heavy rain", "To check the weather forecast", "To protect people from the rain", "To remind people to take an umbrella"], ["motor-canopy-sensors", "Sensors-motor-canopy", "motor-sensors-canopy", "canopy-motor-sensors"]], "questions": ["For what purpose did Belyacv create the lampbrella?", "Which of the following show how the lampbrella works?"], "article": "You can't always predict a heavy rain or remember your umbrella. But designer Mikhail Belvacv doesn't think that forgetting to check the weather forecast before heading out should result in you getting wet. That's why he created lampbrella, a lamp post with its own rain sensing umbrella.\nThe designer says he come up with the idea after watching people get wet on streets in Russia. \"once, I was driving on a central Saint Petersburg street and saw the street lamps lighting up people trying to hide from the rain. I thought it would be appropriate to have a canopy built into a street lamp.\" he said.\nThe lampbrella is a standard-looking street lamp fitted with an umbrella canopy. It has a built-in electric motor which can open or close the umbrella on demand. Sensors then ensure that the umbrella offers pedestrians shelter whenever it starts raining.\nIn addition to the rain sensor, there's also a 360degmotion sensor on the biberglass street lamp which detects whether anyone's using the lampbrella. After three minutes of not being used the canopy is closed.\nAccording to the designer, the lampbrella would move at a relatively low speed, so as not to cause harm to the pedestrians. Besides, it would be grounded to protect from possible lighting strike. Each lampbrella would offer enough shelter for several people. Being installed at 2 meters off the ground, it would only be a danger for the tallest of pedestrians.\nWhile there are no plans to take lampbrella into production, Belyacv says he recently introduced his creation one Moscow Department, and insists this creation could be installed on any street where a lot of people walk but there are no canopies to provide shelter.", "id": "high4053.txt"}