{"answers": ["B", "B", "D"], "options": [["listen actively", "listen purposefully", "set aside their prejudices", "open up their inner mind"], ["they were taken good care of.", "they knew they were truly listened to.", "they had partners to talk to.", "they knew the roots of problems."], ["Science fiction", "A news report.", "A medical report.", "Popular science"]], "questions": ["According to the author, in communication people tend to   _  .", "According to the author, the patients improved mainly because   _  .", "What type of writing the article likely to be?"], "article": "Many people think that listening is a passive business. It is just the opposite. Listening well is an active exercise of our attention and hard work. It is because they do not realize this, or because they are not willing to do the work, that most people do not listen well.\nListening well also requires total concentration upon someone else. An essential part of listening well is the rule known as 'bracketing'. Bracketing includes the temporary giving up or setting aside of your own prejudices and desires, to experience as far as possible someone else's world from the inside, _ . Moreover, since listening well involves bracketing, it also involves a temporary acceptance of the other person. Sensing this acceptance, the speaker will seem quite willing to open up the inner part of his or her mind to the listener. True communication is under way and the energy required for listening well is so great that it can be accomplished only by the will to extend oneself for mutual growth.\nMost of the time we lack this energy. Even though we may feel in our business dealings or social relationships that we are listening well, what we are usually doing is listening selectively. Often we have a prepared list in mind and wonder, as we listen, how we can achieve certain desired results to get the conversation over as quickly as possible or redirected in ways more satisfactory to us. Many of us are far more interested in talking than in listening, or we simply refuse to listen to what we don't want to hear.\nIt wasn't until toward the end of my doctor career that I have found the knowledge that one is being truly listened to is frequently therapeutic  In about a quarter of the patients I saw, surprising improvement was shown during the first few months of psychotherapy , before any of the roots of problems had been uncovered or explained. There are several reasons for this phenomenon, but chief among them, I believe, was the patient's sense that he or she was being truly listened to, often for the first time in years, and for some, perhaps for the first time ever.", "id": "high4059.txt"}