{"answers": ["B", "A", "D"], "options": [["Because some people like to buy banned products on the Internet.", "Because there is no one in charge of the Internet.", "Because X-rated materials, cigarettes, alcohol and so on can be sold well on the Internet.", "Because people who operate businesses on the Internet are criminals."], ["poisonous information may have a bad effect on children", "children may damage the computers", "the Internet is always unsafe for the children", "children can't use the computers well"], ["to improve the computers", "to find a medicine to kill computer viruses", "to order people not to use the Internet", "to improve people's moral level ."]], "questions": ["Why can illegal businesses operate on the Internet?", "Parental controls are needed when children use the Internet because  _", "We can infer from the passage that the key to solving the problems with the Internet is  _"], "article": "The Internet is not perfect. There are many problems with it.\nThe Internet is not organized. There is no one in charge of the Internet. It is sometimes difficult to find what you are looking for. It is also easy to get the wrong information on the \"Net\".\nSome businessmen cheat people on the Internet. Internet thieves can steal credit card numbers. Some advertisers send spam to e-mail boxes. E-mail boxes are often filled with these unwanted advertisements.\nIllegal businesses can operate on the Internet. These businesses sell X-rated materials, cigarettes and alcohol to teenagers.\nThe Internet has websites with information about making bombs, breaking the law and terrorism.\nCriminals can fool people, especially children, in chat rooms. They can spread poisonous information and attack new members.\nThe Internet is the greatest advance in communication since human emerged. But it can also like a dark alley in a dangerous part of town. Parents need to set parental controls on their children when they use the Internet. This will keep some of the bad material away from their children.\nThe Internet can be dangerous to computers, too. Some people who have evil intentions enjoy causing problems for other people they don't even know. They create computer viruses. A computer can get virus by downloading a program that has a virus in it. Some virus come by e-mail.\nA virus can destroy the data a person has saved in computer files. A virus can cause a computer to crash. A virus can also reproduce itself! It can send copies of itself to everyone on a person's e-mail address list. Then these people's will have the same problems and can't work normally!", "id": "high406.txt"}