{"answers": ["D", "D"], "options": [["They both have gone through difficult times.", "They have strong emotional ties with each other.", "They have the same joys and pains, and love and bitterness.", "They both have experiences as daughter, mother and writer."], ["In a musical form.", "Through field research.", "With unique writing skills.", "From different points of view."]], "questions": ["Why does Perri think that her own life has mirrored her mother's?", "How are women's lives explored in this book?"], "article": "Mothers and daughters go through so much--yet when was the last time a mother and daughter sat down to write a book together about it all? Perri Klass and her mother, Sheila Solomon Klass, both gifted professional writers, prove to be ideal co-writers as they examine their decades of motherhood, daughterhood, and the wonderful ways their lives have overlapped  .\nPerri notes with amazement how closely her own life has mirrored her mother's: both have full-time careers; both have published books, articles, and stories; each has three children; they both love to read. They also love to travel--in fact, they often take trips together. But in truth, the harder they look at their lives, the more they acknowledge their big differences in circumstance and basic nature.\nA child of the Depression  , Sheila was raised in Brooklyn by parents who considered education a _ for girls. Starting with her college education, she has fought for everything she's ever accomplished. Perri, on the other hand, grew up privileged in the New Jersey suburbs of the 1960s and 1970s. For Sheila, wasting time or money is a crime, and luxury is unthinkable while Perri enjoys the occasional small luxury, but has not been successful at trying to persuade her mother into enjoying even the tiniest thing she likes.\nEach writing in her own unmistakable voice, Perri and Sheila take turns exploring the joys and pains, the love and bitterness, the minor troubles and lasting respect that have always bonded them together. Sheila describes the adventure of giving birth to Perri in a tiny town in Trinidad where her husband was doing research fieldwork. Perri admits that she can't sort out all the mess in the households, even though she knows it drives her mother crazy. Together they compare thoughts on bringing up children and working, admit long-hidden sorrows, and enjoy precious memories.\nLooking deep into the lives they have lived separately and together, Perri and Sheila tell their mother-daughter story with honesty, humor, enthusiasm, and admiration for each other. A written account in two voices, Every Mother Is a Daughter is a duet   that produces a deep, strong sound with the experiences that all mothers and daughters will recognize.", "id": "high4066.txt"}