{"answers": ["C", "D"], "options": [["Her preference for kids.", "Her own similar experience.", "A sad story about an orphan.", "Her successful charity work."], ["Sister Wanjala finally adopted the little boy.", "Sister Wanjala found foster homes for 8000 orphans.", "Sister Wanjala was too busy to care for her own family.", "Sister Wanjala was not alone in helping orphans."]], "questions": ["What inspired Sister Wanjala to start the orphan program?", "What can we learn from the text?"], "article": "In many African countries, the care of orphans has been mainly led by foreign donor organizations. However, Sister Florence has changed all that. Using her own resources, Sister Florence is leading the work of raising orphans from different backgrounds. Sister Florence Wanjala's biggest motivation to start the orphan program was when she saw a little boy whose parents had died. The boy was living with a cruel grandparent and he would visit the grave of his mother, crying for support. Sister Wanjala wanted to give a helping hand and give him hope. From that time, she started feeling the call to help a larger number of orphans.\nShe opened an office with a few friends and coordinated  a program to help the orphans. All the registrations were done in the office and the program so far has 8000 children. Sister Wanjala said, \"My dream is to help the orphan to live a holistic  life and be a good Kenyan citizen to help this country. Many people think that the way to support orphans is to put them in an institution . Others support them up to the age of eighteen, but here, we do it very differently.\" For Sister Wanjala, _ She prefers the orphans to live in a foster  home.\nShe said, \"I'm so encouraged and happy to see the orphans succeeding. When they come first or second in class, it shows how the program has helped them, and that's encouraging to me as I continue to coordinate the program.\"Through her charity work, more than 1000 orphans have been able to find a home. Sister Wanjala, as a mother, takes care of her own family.", "id": "high4090.txt"}