{"answers": ["A", "A", "C", "C"], "options": [["They took a later flight.", "They had early bookings.", "Their flight had been delayed.", "Their flight had been cancelled."], ["She rarely misses a good deal.", "She seldom makes a compromise.", "She is very strict with her children", "She is interested in cheap products."], ["She's a teacher.", "She's a housewife.", "She's a media person.", "She's a businesswoman."], ["How to expose bad tricks.", "How to reserve airline seats.", "How to spend money wisely,", "How to make a business deal."]], "questions": ["Why did Delta give the author's family credits?", "What can we learn about the author?", "What does the author do?", "What does the author want to tell us?"], "article": "Some people will do just about anything to save money. And I am one of them. Take my family's last vacation. It was my six-year-old son's winter break form school, and we were heading home from Fort Lauderdale after a weeklong trip. The flight was overbooked, and Delta, the airline, offered us $400 per person in credits to give up our seats and leave the next day. I had meeting in New York,So I had to get back . But that didn't mean my husband and my son couldn't stay. I took my nine-month-old and took off for home.\nThe next day my husband and son were offered more credits to take an even later flight. Yes, I encouragedokay, ordered-them to wait it out at the airport, to \"earn\" more Delta Dollars. Our total take: $1,600. Not bad, huh?\nNow some people may think I'm a bad mother and not such a great wife either. But as a big-time bargain hunter, I know the value of a dollar. And these days, a good deal is something few of us can afford to pass up.\nI've made living looking for the best deals and exposing   the worst tricks . I have been the consumer reporter of NBC's Today show for over a decade. I have written a couple of books including one titled Tricks of the Trade: A Consumer Survival Guide. And I really do what I believe in. I tell you this because there is no shame in getting your money's worth. I'm also tightfisted when it comes to shoes, clothes for my children, and expensive restaurants. But I wouldn't hesitate to spend on a good haircut. It keeps its longer, and it's the first thing people notice. And I will also spend on a classic piece of furniture. Quality lasts.", "id": "high4093.txt"}