{"answers": ["C", "D", "B", "A", "D"], "options": [["She visited the state website list of parades.", "She took part in parades.", "She fed, groomed, and rode her horses at the stables.", "She spent with her family."], ["She liked horses better than parades.", "She liked parades better than horses.", "She didn't love her horses as much as she loved parades.", "She loved her horses almost as much as she loved parades."], ["she didn't like to sleep together with horses", "she had to get her horses back to the stables before \"bedtime\" to be fed", "her horses didn't agree to stay overnight", "she couldn't sleep well outside"], ["she always bought the brand name food for the horses", "she had a 10-percent discount for paying cash offered by her vet", "she always packed her own lunch and ate with her horses on parade days", "she always bought the no-name, generic food for the horses"], ["caring", "money-saving", "careful", "mean"]], "questions": ["What did Renee regularly do on the weekend?", "Which one did Renee like better,horses or parades?", "Renee never stayed overnight when she took part in parades because  _  .", "How did Renee cope with expenses of owning horses? The following ways were used except that   _  .", "Which of the following words can't be used to describe Renee?"], "article": "Renee had been married for a long, long time. Her favorite part of being married was the weekend, when she was with her two horses. On the weekend, Renee was at the stables  from morning until dark. She fed, groomed, and rode her horses. She was an excellent rider. She would ride the horses bareback on Saturday, and then she would saddle  them up on Sunday.\nRenee loved parades. She used to say, \"A parade isn't a parade without a horse.\" Renee loved parades almost as much as she loved her horses. She belonged to an email list of volunteers for parades. She regularly visited the state website list of parades to see if there were any new parades that she didn't know about. All the state parades were organized in her computer. In the parades file, she listed the date, drive time and distance, parade time, contact people, and other details she felt were important.\nShe knew the parade director of every town within a four-hour drive. She never stayed overnight. She always left the parade in time to get her horses back to the stables before \"bedtime\". She had to feed them before they turned in. Her horses seemed to like parades, too. They knew a few tricks that always impressed the children.\nRenee was very generous with her time and her horses. But owning horses wasn't cheap. You had to rent the stables, and there were always vet  and feed bills. Renee knew how to cope with expenses, though. Her vet always gave her a 10-percent discount for paying cash. She always bought the no-name, generic food for the horses. Her vet had told her it was just as healthful and tasty as the brand name material. She always bought economy gasoline. And on parade days, Renee always packed her own lunch and ate with her horses.", "id": "high4112.txt"}