{"answers": ["D", "B", "C"], "options": [["6,900,000", "12,000,000", "1,200,000", "5,100,000"], ["child mortality rates have fallen just in five areas", "Sub-Saharan Africa has the highest under-five mortality rate in the world", "in developed countries, no children die before the age of five", "the world has made little progress in reducing the rates of child mortality"], ["Global warming", "Malaria", "Pneumonia", "Diarrhea"]], "questions": ["Since 1990, the number of the children who died before 5 in the world has dropped by about  _  .", "According to the passage, the readers are likely to believe that   _  .", "_   is the top-one cause of death among children under five worldwide."], "article": "In recent years, the world has made progress in reducing deaths among children under the age of five. A new report says an estimated 6.9 million children worldwide died before their fifth birthday. That compares to about twelve million in1990.\nThe report says child _ rates have fallen in all areas. It says the number of deaths is down by at least 50 percent in eastern, western and southeastern Asia. The number also fell in North Africa, Latin America and the Caribbean.\nTies Boerma is head of the WHO's Department of Health Statistics and Informatics. He says most child deaths happen in just a few areas.\nTIES BOERMA: \"Sub-Saharan Africa and southern Asia face the greatest challenges in child survival. More than eighty percent of child deaths in the world occur in these two regions. About half of child deaths occur in just five countries--India, which actually takes twenty-four percent of the global total; Nigeria, eleven percent; the Democratic Republic of Congo, seven percent; Pakistan, five percent and China, four percent of under-five deaths in the world.\"\nTies Boerma notes that, in developed countries, one child in one hundred fifty-two dies before his or her fifth birthday. But south of the Sahara Desert, one out of nine children dies before the age of five. In Asia, the mortality rate is one in sixteen.\nThe report lists the top five causes of death among children under five worldwide. They are pneumonia, diarrhea, malaria and problems both before and during birth.\nTessa Wardlaw is with the U-N Children's Fund. She is pleased with the progress being made in Sub-Saharan Africa. The area has the highest under-five mortality rate in the world. But she says the rate of decline in child deaths has more than doubled in Africa.\nTESSA WARDLAW: \"We welcome the widespread progress in child survival, but we importantly want to stress that there's a lot of work that remains to be done. There's unfinished business and the fact is that today on average, around nineteen thousand children are still dying every day from largely preventable causes.\"\nThe World Health Organization says one way to solve these problems is to make sure health care services are available to women. In this way, medical problems can be avoided or treated when identified.", "id": "high4115.txt"}