{"answers": ["D", "A", "B"], "options": [["when he was doing well in math", "when he was in second grade", "when he was made mayor of his building", "when he showed his talents in sports"], ["active and optimistic", "clever and determined", "brave and helpful", "considerate and independent"], ["Bob was always ignored by his parents", "Bob could also have been a sport star.", "Bob's parents often watched his games.", "Nobody in the author's family was a doctor."]], "questions": ["Bob's glory days were those   _  .", "From the passage we can tell that Bob is   _  .", "Which of the following statements is probably TRUE?"], "article": "Most people watching Jeremy Lin these past two months saw Jeremy Lin, New York Knicks star; but I, watching him, saw someone else. That was my elder brother, Bob, who is athletic and energetic. He could never sit still when he was in second grade; he had to get up every now and then and run around the room. And sure enough, he grew up to be a starting player for an N.C.A.A. championship lacrosse team. He was a Nike-endorsed marathoner, too, and reached the top of Mt. Everest, unguided, in his 50s.\nAnd yet my family never watched his lacrosse games. We did watch some of his marathons, but that wasn't until he was in his 20s. When Bob was in his glory days, our Shanghainese-born parents were bent on getting him into medical school. There was a loving aspect to it: I can remember my father working through math books with him, lesson by lesson, at the big blackboard in the attic. Bob never did become a doctor, though; and neither did I. It wasn't until my younger sister came along that someone in the family finally wore a white coat.\nBob today could be the fittest 58-year-old on the planet. His doctor estimates his biological age at 35; he's still climbing big mountains in the Himalayas. And, like Jeremy Lin, he's charming. No one sees Bob without leaving with a laugh. He sometimes jokes he could be mayor of his building, and it's true. To know him is to cheer for him.\nAnd yet my parents did not cheer for him. What if my mother had sat on the sidelines with her statistics, like Jeremy Lin's mother? What if my father had played videos of athletes for my brother to watch and imitate? It's hard not to wonder.\nAnd how did Jeremy Lin's parents manage to do these remarkable things? Amy Chua, the tiger mother, recalls her immigrant father beating the kids whenever they mispronounced a Chinese word. How is it that Jeremy Lin's immigrant father in particular, Gie-Ming Lin, encouraged his son to follow such an untraditional path?", "id": "high412.txt"}