{"answers": ["B", "D", "B"], "options": [["he was a man difficult to please", "she never knew when he was coming", "she was too busy looking after her children", "he never stayed long enough for a meal"], ["He was a kind man, with love for the family.", "He was generous, especially towards his brother.", "He was anxious to please the family, especially the kids.", "He was rude to his sister-in-law."], ["she paid James the money that she owed him", "James gave some money to the children", "she had to wake James up to catch his train", "James thanked her for the nice supper"]], "questions": ["Maggie never prepared anything special for James because   _  .", "What do we know about James' behavior?", "Maggie felt pleased when   _  ."], "article": "Maggie was very glad that James was not a frequent visitor to the house. So far as the children were concerned, they had a mystery about him that stirred their imagination. He stirred Maggie's anger, however, so that she often said to her husband, \"It's mercy that brother of yours doesn't come oftener.\"\nIn fact James came once a year, unexpectedly, around eight o'clock in the evening, and he stayed for six hours of close discussion with his brother. His arrival was a signal to the children that their bedtime would be delayed. Not that he ever spoke to them or played with them. He took no notice of them, as if he was unable to see children, at least until the time came for him to go. Instead, after his first greeting and a careless kiss, James took no notice of Maggie either, except to add, \"You'll be getting on with the supper, Maggie.\" Such was his regard for her.\nMaggie paid him back in her own way. She kept the children up, the four of them, to keep her company, she said, but of course they sang and made a noise and broke the endless sound of James's voice. Very late, they dropped off to sleep in their chairs. Then, when James was about to go, Maggie woke them up and so more or less forced him to part with four shillings before he left. That gave her some satisfaction, for James, though rich, was mean. He always went home by the last train, just after two o'clock.\nMaggie's children secretly stared at their uncle. They could not forget that he had, in their mother's words, \"lost two wives and taken a third, \" They wondered about those two unfortunate lost ladies. They asked each other what their fate had been, and if neither could ever be found again. James never brought his third wife with him nor ever mentioned her. The children decided that he must be so frightened of losing her that he never allowed her outside the door.", "id": "high4120.txt"}