{"answers": ["C"], "options": [["painful and fearful", "regretful and panic", "proud and grateful", "excited and thankful"]], "questions": ["When the boy told the newspaper reporter about the scars on his arms, he felt  _  ."], "article": "Some years ago, on a hot summer day in south Florida, a little boy decided to go for a swim in the old swimming hole behind his house. He flew into the water, not realizing that as he swam toward the middle of the lake, an alligator   was swimming toward the shore.\nHis father working in the yard saw the two as they got closer and closer together. In utter fear, he ran toward the water, yelling to his son as loudly as he could.\nHearing his voice, the little boy became alarmed and made a U - turn to swim to his father. It was too late. Just as he reached his father, the alligator reached him. From the dock, the father grabbed his little boy by the arms just as the alligator snatched his legs. That began an incredible tug - of - war   between the two. The alligator was much stronger than the father, but the father was much too _ to let go. A farmer happened to drive by, took aim and shot the alligator.\nRemarkably, the little boy survived. His legs were extremely scarred by the vicious attack of the animal. And, on his arms, were deep scratches where his father's fingernails dug into his fresh in his effort to hang on to the son he loved.\nThe newspaper reporter who interviewed the boy asked if he would show his scars. The boy lifted his pant legs. And then, he said to the reporter, \"But look at my arms. I have great scars on my arms, too. I have them because my dad wouldn't let go.\"\nYou and I can identify with that boy. We have scars, too. No, not from an alligator, but the scars of a painful past. Some of those scars are unsightly and have caused us deep regret. But, some wounds, my friend, are because someone has refused to let go. In the midst of your struggle, someone has been there holding on to you.\nIf you have the scars of someone's love on your arms, be very, very grateful. Someone in your life did not and will not ever let you go.\nNever judge another person's scars, because you don't know how they got them.", "id": "high4121.txt"}