{"answers": ["B", "C", "A"], "options": [["Surprised.", "Disappointed.", "Excited.", "Pleased."], ["turn to God for help", "say thanks to it", "see it in another way", "praise others for it"], ["The author can't really free from the disappointment.", "The author thinks the second sermon is wiser.", "The author still wants to be a doctor.", "The author thanks God for not being admitted by the university."]], "questions": ["How did she feel when the author received the email from UBC?", "In the first pastor's view, when we face disappointment or despair, we should   _  .", "What can we infer from the passage?"], "article": "Living in a foreign culture there are many times when I realize that my perspective   on life is drastically different from those Koreans I interact   with on a daily basis. This past week I have been greatly challenged to change my perspective and here is why.\nMy dream in life is to become a doctor, one who changes the world. But last week I opened an email from UBC that contained the words \"regrets\", no interview. I didn't get an interview to medical school, thus will not be entering school for September 2009. My immediate reaction was one of extreme disappointment and anger--mostly directed at myself for not working hard enough, for not seeking out the opportunities necessary to have a good application, for simply not being good enough. My mind was full of hopelessness and despair that left me with no desire to further seek for the dream that I've held for quite a time now.\nDuring the past week two things happened. At church our pastor mentioned perspective in a section of his sermon  . He stated that when we take our eyes off ourselves and realize God's greatness, our circumstances will be seen through a new perspective.\nThe second thing that reminded me to look at perspective was reading a book. The Mitford Series is so good if you are looking for books to read. So last night I was reading and one of the main characters (who is a priest) is trying to figure out what to say at church. His sermon ended up saying \"In everything we give thanks.\" It is easy to give thanks when we feel successful in life. It is easy to give thanks when we receive a blessing. But seriously, who in their right mind says thanks for the financial problems I have?", "id": "high4125.txt"}