{"answers": ["A", "C", "A", "C"], "options": [["will increase in the value in the future", "make one earn a lot", "help create good jobs", "are wise for businessmen to invest"], ["You should save to help children get scholarships more easily.", "It's better to increase the savings as the child grows.", "It's better to save early and regularly.", "You should set a further and bigger saving goal."], ["Parents.", "High school students.", "Educators", "Bankers."], ["When to Save for Children's College Costs", "How to Make a Good Investment", "Why We Should Save for Children's College Costs", "How Much Four-Year College Costs"]], "questions": ["Savings for college education   _  .", "Which of the following is TRUE about saving for college?", "Who are the expected readers of the passage?", "Which of the following would be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "College is a lifetime investment   -- the gift of a college education can open the door to a world of opportunity for your child or grandchild. Savings , even not so many at a time, can make a big difference.\nWith the cost of a college education continuing to rise, the key is to start saving early and regularly. By saving a set amount at set times, your money can grow as your child does. According to the College Board, the average cost for four-year public colleges has increased by nearly 51% over the last 10 years and these costs will almost certainly continue to rise. Saving for college can help with the increasing cost of a college education and help you be well prepared when your child is ready for college.\nSaving for your child's college education is an investment in their future. The savings you make today will pay off in increased earnings in the future. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, college graduates earn an average of $1 million more than high school graduates during their careers. The value of your investment in a college education will continue to grow for a lifetime.\nSet your college saving goals realistically. You may not be able to save enough for all four years' fees, but you could save enough to give your child the right start.\nMore and more families depend on student loans  to pay for college. By saving for college, families will have less burden of paying off loans and help their children leave school without worrying about paying off loans.", "id": "high4137.txt"}