{"answers": ["C", "C", "D", "B"], "options": [["How to dress properly.", "The history of school uniforms.", "The advantages of school uniforms.", "How to deal with pressure in school."], ["is just a tradition that students should follow", "makes students feel less pressure in study", "helps students put more effort into their studies", "makes students lose their independence and identity"], ["are not popular with fashion designers", "were not accepted by parents in the past", "will be designed by students themselves", "will be more fashionable in the future"], ["negative", "supportive", "doubtful", "unclear"]], "questions": ["What would be the best title for the text?", "Teachers think that wearing school uniforms   _  .", "We can infer from the text that school uniforms   _  .", "The author's attitude towards students' wearing school uniforms is   _  ."], "article": "There are quite a few advantages of wearing school uniforms. The idea may seem disagreeable at first, but considering all the positive effective coming from wearing uniforms you would be more likely to enjoy them.\nTeachers love school uniforms because it helps provide an orderly learning environment. Having students dressed in uniforms may teach them how to present themselves in a neat and professional manner. It gives students the opportunity to learn how to dress like young ladies and gentleman. And they can focus their attention on academics rather than style.\nPurchasing school uniforms is easy and needs less hesitation  and consideration. No matter what the school' s policy is, there are only specific essential  pieces to the wardrobe  that are necessary, so _ . A few wardrobe items can last a long time. Parents could also enjoy an easy morning, as it will take less time to choose a set of clothes for the school day.\nStudents wearing uniforms will feel less pressure about what to wear or not to wear when their classmates are dressed similarly. Getting dressed before school becomes less of a chore when students are limited in their choices, so there shouldn't be any trouble about choosing an outfit for the day and getting ready quickly. Some students may not like the lack of individuality  with a uniform, but some school dress code policies may offer them the opportunities to show their unique styles.\nUniforms today are also becoming trendier and can be seen in many areas of pop culture. Celebrities and fashion designers are using uniforms as inspiration for new looks which also appeal to students.", "id": "high4138.txt"}