{"answers": ["C", "B", "A", "D"], "options": [["as soon as she realized that something was wrong", "only after her husband advised her to", "a long time after the trouble began", "when John asked what was wrong with her"], ["he decided to send her to hospital", "he decided to get an expert to examine her", "He decided to treat her himself", "He advised her to wait for a few weeks."], ["he tried to imagine himself in her place.", "He tried not to notice it.", "He pretended that he had toothache.", "He behaved himself as well as possible."], ["his father", "his mother", "his cousin Mona", "his aunt Daisy"]], "questions": ["Mrs Weston went to see her doctor  _  .", "what did Mrs Weston's own doctor decide to do?", "how did John react to his mother's bad temper?", "John regarded   _  as most bad-tempered."], "article": "When John Weston awoke that morning, he remembered that his mother was going into hospital. He hadn't worked out quite what was wrong with her. He knew, though that she hadn't been well for some time now, and it had become almost familiar to him to see her eyes narrowed in a sudden attack of pain, and her hand pressing against her heart. Their own doctor, who she had finally gone to for advice, had sent her to an expert who knew all about these things. He had told her that just as soon as there was a bed for her, she would have to come into his hospital where he could look after her himself.\nDuring the weeks since then the pains had come even more frequently, and the narrowed eyes became an almost permanent part of her expression. Always rather sharp, she began losing her temper over little things so that John's father kept his thoughts to himself more and more. John, as ready as possible to make allowances, tried to think what it would be like to have toothache all the time and how bad-tempered that would make you.\nSo his mother would go into hospital for a few days. He was going to stay with his Aunt Daisy till she came back, and his father would stay on at home by himself. John's cousin, Mona, was to come in and make the bed and wash the pots and dust round now and again. That was the arrangement, and John didn't care much for it. Apart from missing his mother(and he was glad she was going away because they would make her better), he wasn't very fond of his Aunt Daisy because she was even more bad-tempered than his mother.", "id": "high4145.txt"}