{"answers": ["B", "C", "A", "D"], "options": [["its founder, David Belle", "the film, Casino Royale", "its risks and tricks", "the varieties of participants"], ["they can ask for help", "they may choose to escape", "they should run to extremes", "they must learn to survive"], ["It challenges human abilities.", "It is a good but boring sport", "It needs special training", "It is a team sport"], ["Sports and extremes.", "Excitement and freedom.", "Dreams and success.", "Self-confidence and freedom."]], "questions": ["Park-our has become popular throughout the world because of   _  .", "As its participants move around a city,   _  .", "Which of the following is TRUE about park-our?", "Which of the following is the philosophy of park-our?"], "article": "It started off as part of French military training and has since evolved as a sport, founded by Sebastian Foucan and David Belle, to encompass a wide variety of techniques, philosophies and exercises. Park-our now enjoys the devotion of many die-hard fans across the world and has been the source for much inspiration.\nBut what is park-our? It is the art of using only your body to navigate from Point A to B in the least time possible, which involves besides leaping, climbing and sprinting, various unusual and complex movements to overcome barriers. Just like the James Bond in the movie Casino Royale? Bond jumps down from a roof to a windowsill and then runs several blocks over _ on the way. It is just because of Bond's wonderful performances that the sport has become popular worldwide.\nYes, that's pork-our, an extreme street sport aimed at moving from one point to another as quickly as possible, getting over all the obstacles in the path using only the abilities of the human body. Park-our is considered an extreme sport. As its participants dash around a city, they may jump over fences, run up walls and even move from rooftop to rooftop.\nPark-our can be just as exciting and charming as it sounds, but its participants see much more in park-our than that.\nTo overcome all the obstacles on the course and in life is part of the philosophy behind park-our. This is the same as life. You must determine your destination, go straight, jump over all the barriers as if in park-our and never fall back from them in your life to reach the destination successfully. A park-our lover said, \"I love park-our, because its philosophy has become my life, my way to do everything.\"\nAnother philosophy we've learned from park-our is freedom. It can be done by anyone, at any time, anywhere in the world. It is a kind of expression of trust in yourself so that you earn energy and confidence.", "id": "high4150.txt"}