{"answers": ["C", "B", "B", "A"], "options": [["He showed an interest in rural matters in his writing.", "He focused on changing social and economic situation of the countryside", "He wrote about the struggles of the poor in London?", "He published the highly successful children's book"], ["They were English writers of the 1830s.", "They paid to have their first book published.", "They began their writing from the rural life.", "Their first book was successful."], ["Lewis Carroll.", "The Brontesisters.", "Thomas Hardy.", "Helen Beatrix Potter."], ["literature in the Victorian Era", "writing styles in the Victorian Era", "famous works in the Victorian Era", "the importance of literature in the Victorian Era"]], "questions": ["What can we know about Charles Dickens from the text?", "Which is TRUE about the Bronte sisters?", "Who wrote the famous children's book The Tale of Peter Rabbit according to the text?", "This text is mainly about   _  ."], "article": "It was in the Victorian Era   that the novel became the leading form of literature in English. Most writers were more concerned to meet the tastes of the middle class. The best known works of the period included the works of Charles Dickens and the Bronte sisters and others.\nCharles Dickens came on the literary scene in the 1830s. Dickens wrote vividly about London life and the struggles of the poor. Most of his works were written in a very humorous style, which was popular with readers of all classes.\nThe Bronte sisters were English writers of the 1840s and 1850s. They began to write from early childhood. In 1846 they published the first book at their own expense as poets; however, their book attracted little attention, selling only two copies. Then the sisters turned to writing novels, each producing a novel in the following year.\nAn interest in rural  matters and the changing social and economic situation of the countryside may be seen in the novels of Thomas Hardy and a number of others.\nLiterature for children developed as a single style. Some works became well-known, such as those of Lewis Carroll and Edward Lear. Adventure novels were written for adults but are now generally grouped in the list for children. Helen Beatrix Potter was an English author at the end of the Victorian Era, best known for her children's books, which featured (......) animal characters. In her thirties, Potter published the highly successful children's book The Tale of Peter Rabbit in 1902.", "id": "high4152.txt"}