{"answers": ["D", "B", "A", "C", "A"], "options": [["take care of the dying gorilla", "beg some money from the zoo keeper", "ask for a job there", "perform and earn some money there"], ["it is more expensive to hire a real gorilla", "the real gorilla died but the keeper does not want to lose its visitors", "he likes the mimic's performance", "he wants to help the mimic who is out of work"], ["He likes it because he has enough freedom in the job.", "He likes it but he prefers to working as a mimic.", "He doesn't like it for people do not respect him.", "He doesn't like it because he gets little pay."], ["he finds it more interesting to climb the cage", "he wants to play with the lion", "he wants to attract the attention of his audience", "he has never seen a lion before"], ["The mimic and his job", "The mimic and his success", "The actor and the mimic", "The mimic and his animals"]], "questions": ["The mimic visits the zoo to  _  .", "The zoo keeper offers the mimic a job to act as the gorilla because  _  .", "What does the mimic feel about the new job at first?", "The mimic climbs to the lion's cage because  _  .", "What does the passage mainly tell us?"], "article": "One day an out of work mimic  is visiting the zoo and attempts to earn some money as a street performer. As soon as he starts to draw the crowd,a zoo keeper grabs him and drags him into his office. The zoo keeper explains to the mimic that the zoo's most popular attraction,a gorilla ,has died suddenly and the keeper fears that attendance at the zoo will fall off. He offers the mimic a job to dress up as the gorilla until they can get another one. The mimic accepts.\nSo the next morning the mimic puts on the gorilla suit and enters the cage before the crowd comes. He discovers that it's a great job. He can sleep all he wants,play and make fun of people and he draws bigger crowds than he ever did as a mimic. However,eventually the crowds tire of him and he tires of just swinging on wires. He begins to notice that the people are paying more attention to the lion in the cage next to his. Not wanting to lose the attention of his audience,he climbs to the top of his cage,crawls across a partition ,and dangles from the top to the lion's cage. Of course,this makes the lion very angry,but the crowd loves it.\nAt the end of the day the zoo keeper comes and gives the mimic a raise for being such a good attraction. Well,this goes on for some time-the mimic keeps taunting the lion,the crowds grow larger,and his salary keeps going up. Then one terrible day when he is dangling over the angry lion he slips and falls. The mimic is terrified.\nThe lion gathers itself and prepares to attack. The mimic is so scared that he begins to run round and round the cage with the lion close behind. Finally,the mimic starts screaming and yelling,\"Help me,help me!\"But the lion is quick and attacks. The mimic soon finds himself flat on his back looking up at the angry lion and the lion says,\"Shut up,you idiot!Do you want to get us both fired?\"", "id": "high4153.txt"}