{"answers": ["B", "B", "A"], "options": [["Her mother had no time to take good care of her.", "Her classmates' families were very rich.", "She couldn't take part in activities with her classmates.", "She had too much anger and pain inside."], ["her hard childhood living with her grandmother.", "her hard work and the spirit of not giving up.", "her good performance in the juvenile detention home.", "her major in Speech and Performing Arts in college."], ["Oprah Winfrey, from a problem girl to the American media queen.", "Oprah Winfrey, from a news reader to a marathon winner.", "Even famous people have a disgraceful past.", "All that glitters is not gold."]], "questions": ["Which of the following is NOT the cause of her bad behaviors as a teenager?", "Oprah Winfrey succeeded at last chiefly due to   _  .", "Which of the following can best serve as the title of this passage?"], "article": "Oprah Winfrey, the American media queen, is undoubtedly one of the most successful women in the world. She's the host and owner ofThe Oprah Winfrey Show, which continuingly wins high ratings, and the founder of Harpo Productions, which produces her television shows and movies.\nCertainly Winfrey feels right these days. Early on, however, _ . She stayed with her grandmother after birth and moved to Wisconsin to live with her mother at 6, and hence began the most difficult period in her life. They lived in the low-income community and her mother showed her less attention. Her classmates came from families with more money and she couldn't participate with them in a lot of activities.\nThe young girl had held too much anger and pain inside and she rebelled. She repeatedly ran away from home and got into various troubles. During that time, she turned heavy smoker, became addicted to alcohol and drug and was sent to a juvenile detention home  at the age of 13.\nFed up, Oprah's mother sent her to Tennessee to live with her father. To a large extent, this man saved Oprah's life and helped pave the way for her success. She received a full scholarship to Tennessee State University where she majored in Speech and Performing Arts. After graduation, she landed a job as a news reader at a television station, where she did not do well at first. But she did not give up; instead, she worked harder. She put in long hours and prepared carefully before going on camera.\nHer hard work paid off: she moved up swiftly to news reader and reporter in Baltimore and was offered her own talk show in 1977. From then on, her career began to take off.\nSome people are handed money at birth and are nurtured into success; other people create their own success, and Oprah Winfrey definitely belongs to the latter. \"There is no such thing as failure in my life,\" she concluded, \"Life is a marathon. I think the ones who survive in life do it by hammering at it one day at a time.\" Well, by doing so, she won the game.", "id": "high416.txt"}