{"answers": ["D", "A", "C", "D"], "options": [["the Internet", "the time we have", "the place we live", "the mind"], ["the Internet helps to keep in touch with friends far away", "the Internet determines the quality of social relationships", "the Internet greatly increases the size of social circles", "the Internet is of no value in social communication"], ["To keep in touch with old friends when we have moved away.", "To chat with friends often on the Internet.", "To make more new friends face to face.", "To stop using the Internet to make new friends."], ["He thinks it useless", "He is hopeful of it.", "He approves of it.", "He doubts it."]], "questions": ["The number of friends we can keep relationships with is decided by  _  .", "The author holds the view that  _  .", "What will the author encourage us to do?", "What is the author's attitude towards the use of the Internet to strengthen relationships?"], "article": "The Internet will open up new vistas  , create the global village----you can make new friends all around the world. That, at least, is what it promised us. The difficulty is that it did not take the human mind into account. The reality is that we cannot keep relationships with more than a limited number of people. No matter how hard the Internet tries to put you in communication, its best efforts will be defeated by your mind.\nThe problem is twofold . First, there is a limit on the number of people we can hold in mind and have a meaningful relationship with. That number is about 150 and is set by the size of our brain. Second, the quality of your relationships depends on the amount of time you invest in then. We invest a lot in a small number of people and then distribute what's left among as many others as we can. The problem is that if we invest little time in a person, our _ with that person will decline until eventually it dies into \"someone I once knew\".\nThis is not, of course, to say that the Internet doesn't serve a socially valuable function. Of course it does. But the question is not that it allows you to increase the size of your social circle to include the rest of the world, but that you can keep your relationships with your existing friends going even though you have to move to the other side of the world.\nIn one sense, that's a good thing. But it also has a disadvantage. If you continue to invest in your old friends even though you can no longer see them, then certainly you aren't using your time to make new friends where you now live. And I suspect that probably isn't the best use of your time. Meaningful relationships are about being able to communicate with each other, face to face. The Internet will slow down the rate with which relationships end, but it won't stop that happening eventually.", "id": "high4164.txt"}