{"answers": ["A", "C", "A", "C"], "options": [["they can save more money for their future business", "they can give them to charities", "they may spend them on what they like", "they can learn to deal with money"], ["Children should save part of their allowance.", "Don't pay your child for work around the home.", "Allowance helps teach children early about money.", "Parents should allow children to spend money as they wish."], ["2", "3", "4", "5"], ["Children are advised to buy anything they wish to with the allowance.", "Parents should offer children more money if they spend all of their allowance soon after they get it.", "It can be useful to pay children to do extra work around the home.", "It is unnecessary for the children to save part of the allowance."]], "questions": ["The functions of allowances given to children are the following EXCEPT   _  .", "What's the main idea of the passage?", "How many advantages of saving has the passage mentioned?", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?"], "article": "Many children first learn the value of money by receiving an allowance. Parents often give their children an amount of money that they may spend as they wish. The purpose is to let the children learn from experience at an early age when financial mistakes are not very costly.\nA child may receive an allowance each week or each month. The amount is not so important.  But parents should make clear what the child is expected to pay for with the money.\nAt first, young children may spend all of their allowance soon after they receive it. If they do this, they will learn the hard way that spending must be done within a budget. Parents should not offer more money until the next allowance is to be given.\nOlder children may be responsible enough to budget larger costs like those for clothing. The object is to show young people that a budget demands choices between spending and saving.\nMany people who have written on the subject say it is not a good idea to pay your child for work around the home. These jobs are a normal part of family life. Paying children to do extra work around the home, however, can be useful. It can even provide an understanding of how a business works.\nAllowances give children a chance to experience three things they can do with money. They can share it in the form of gifts or giving it to organizations. They can spend it by buying things they want. Or they can save it.\nSaving helps children understand that costly goals require _ : you have to cut costs and plan for the future. Requiring children to save part of their allowance can also open the door to future saving and investing. Many banks offer free savings accounts for young people with small amounts of money.", "id": "high4167.txt"}