{"answers": ["C", "D", "B"], "options": [["Patients with a lot of money.", "Patients suffering from cancer.", "Patients without many days left.", "Patients living alone."], ["The doctor told the old man the truth.", "The old man's children were wealthy.", "The girl's father encouraged her to accept the money.", "The girl didn't accompany the old man when he died."], ["The girl's love and great care.", "The pleasure of helping people in need.", "The doctor's medical treatment.", "His children's progress in life."]], "questions": ["If you're a volunteer in the activities of Deathbed Care, what kind of people do you have to attend to?", "What can we learn from the passage?", "What is the real reason resulting in the old man's mental improvement?"], "article": "A girl became a volunteer in the activities of Deathbed Care, which meant visiting and taking care of a patient suffering from an incurable disease with days numbered.\nThe girl was assigned to look after an old man suffering from cancer whose children lived abroad. Their living conditions were not satisfactory while the old man had a lot of savings. She was expected to comfort him and keep up his spirits.\nEvery Saturday the girl came on time to keep him company, telling him stories. When he was having an intravenous drip  , she would help massage his arms. The doctor found the patient much improved mentally. The old man began to involve himself actively in the medical treatment and he seldom shouted at others.\nBut something that happened made the doctor uneasy and puzzled. Each time the girl left, the old man would give her some money. The doctor did nothing to interfere  , unwilling to offend the old man. A month later the old man showed evident signs of decline after suffering coma   a few times.\nWhen rescued from the latest coma, the old man told the doctor his last wish, \"I have deep sympathy for the girl. Will you be kind enough to help her finish her studies?\"\nBut the doctor knew that her family was welloff and she had no difficulty pursuing her studies. Sometimes she even came to the hospital in her father's car.\nWhen the girl came at the weekend after the death of the old man, the doctor told her the bad news. She was very sad and burst into tears. Then she handed $ 500 to the doctor, saying, \"The old man had all along thought I came to do the job because of poverty. He gave me money so that I could continue my schooling.\" Now he got the answer to the puzzle. In the last period of his life, the old man found it a real pleasure to be able to help a girl badly in need.", "id": "high4169.txt"}