{"answers": ["D", "A"], "options": [["a schedule without gaps", "breaks and distractions", "the limited time", "the limited energy"], ["Do You Really Lack Time?", "How Can You Work Efficiently?", "What Makes Your Energy Limited?", "When Should You Do Exercise?"]], "questions": ["If someone can't work with 100% efficiency, the most important limiting factor is   _  .", "What is the best title of the passage?"], "article": "Even when you're extremely busy, you aren't using your time with 100% efficiency. There are gaps in everyone's schedule where they aren't doing anything important. Even if your schedule has no gaps, there is probably lots of time when you aren't working as fast or as effectively as you possibly could.\nWhy aren't you completely efficient? It's because time isn't the limiting factor. If it were the limiting factor, people could work non-stop without breaks or any unproductive distractions  . Instead, people, even those who are highly productive, need to take breaks, occasionally procrastinate   and slow down on tasks throughout the day.\nThe real and most important limiting factor for productivity is your energy levels to pay attention. Energy levels limit your productivity because when you're tired, you can have enough time and still not get everything done. Your attention ability is also limited, because even if there are a million things that need to be done, you can only focus on one or two at a time.\nYou might not be able to insert another 4-5 hours into your schedule without making some sacrifices. But even extremely busy people can add an hour or two into their schedule without cancelling anything. The reason why it's hard to \"find time\" isn't a lack of time. It's because you don't have enough energy left to focus on something else that needs to fit into your day.\nI first suspected time wasn't the real problem during an extremely busy period in my life over a year ago. I was extremely busy, but at that time I still exercised regularly. I had daily to-do lists with over twenty items, and I still found time to exercise. However, after a few weeks off, due to illness, I stopped exercising. I was not busy by any standards, in fact, my schedule was incredibly light. Despite this free time, I found it hard to find time to exercise. It seemed to get pushed later and later into my schedule until it was gone. How can I explain this odd experience? I believe you have known it.", "id": "high4170.txt"}