{"answers": ["B", "C"], "options": [["fight it bravely whenever it happens", "ignore it if it is beyond your control", "let it go to avoid trouble", "make people feel ashamed of their bad behavior"], ["Because bad behavior is often ignored.", "Because people are often influenced by others.", "Because people aren't punished for their bad behavior.", "Because people haven't realized its consequences."]], "questions": ["When dealing with people's bad behavior, you are advised to   _  .", "Why do many people behave badly according to the passage?"], "article": "Bad behavior is something that most people don't want to tolerate. However, we have had to tolerate it more and more with each passing year. There seems to be no concern for other people's feelings; nor do we seem to care about other people's property. We live in an age where saying what is on our minds has priority over any harm that it might do.\nThere are ways to deal with bad behavior in modern times, though. Too many of us let bad behavior go because we don't want to rock the boat. This is the time that you should rock the boat and rock it hard. Let people know that you expect it to change. That is the key to dealing with bad behavior. If it continues, take the proper action for the situation you are in. If you have developed the habit of bad behavior, take a hard look at it and then change it. You can't expect others to behave well if you aren't willing to look at your own bad behavior and change it.\nIf you don't have control over anything in a situation, just walk away from it and move on to something that you do have control over. You needn't feel ashamed of that. Besides, you must stand firm in what you believe. You can't control what other people do, but you can control what you do about it. You can't go wrong if you stand firm in what you believe. Understanding your responsibility is also important. Don't try to take on the responsibility for other people's behavior. Take care of what you have to and do it in the way you know it should be done. The rest will take care of itself.\nBad behavior is on the rise with more and more people behaving badly without having to pay any consequences. Worry about how you behave rather than how others behave. Pretty soon, it just may catch on.", "id": "high4186.txt"}