{"answers": ["A", "B", "C"], "options": [["What to Blog about", "How to Start a Blog", "Why to Launch a Blog", "How to Make Website Attractive"], ["the difficulties of your position to readers", "the entertaining stories you have", "advice about your readers' subjects", "masterpieces from famous writers"], ["Posting things on your blog once in a while.", "Adding new stories to it every day.", "Filling it with attractive things frequently.", "Loving it as your life."]], "questions": ["Which is the best title for the text?", "You'd better blog about   _  .", "What does the author suggest for keeping a blog?"], "article": "A blog can be a very effective way of spreading the words about yourself, and your other writing. It can _ your knowledge, and create an ongoing relationship with your readers. A good blog is more than just a marketing tool; it's also an expression of your personality.\nAn obvious starting point is to post samples of your work that not only show off your skills and writing ability but also leave people wanting more. Post elections from the most exciting parts of your stories but end them just as the action reaches its peak. If you write nonfiction  , show people what they could achieve, and give them a few steps to get them started.\nGive tips, information and advice about the subjects you cover. For example, something about struggling with difficulty and many other issues like this. Your writing tips can also be included, as well as interesting, strange or funny things you discovered during your research. Whenever you contact an expert, ask if he or she has any interesting stories you could use. You many also give background information about your stories and locations\nGive details of coming posts on your blog, so people can watch out for you, or come and meet you. Personal news will help people feel better connected to you Include photos of objects and locations in your writing, famous people you meet, the views from your window, and your favorite things - with a note about where they came from and what they mean to you. Look out for things that will help your readers get to know you better, know the subject better, or anything else you think they might find useful, inspiring or entertaining.\nIf you only occasionally post things on your blog, people have a tendency to forget you. As a writer you shouldn't ever run out of interesting materials to fill your blog with --and your readers will love you for it.", "id": "high4188.txt"}