{"answers": ["B", "A", "B"], "options": [["its advantage of meeting his or her future partner", "its amusement services and shopping advantages", "there being many museums about art and literature", "its importance in working as an unusual water tower now"], ["see some beautiful buildings and even the Chicago skyline", "draw the newly built architecture along the river", "see how to gain knowledge in daily life", "measure the length and width of the Chicago River"], ["Because its cheese comes from Italy.", "Because the Chicago-style is really impressive.", "Because there are so many chain stores from Italy.", "Because its style is completly the same as that in Italy."]], "questions": ["Water Tower Place is so popular among young people most probably because of   _  .", "While making a boat tour, you can   _  .", "Why does the author advise visitors to try pizza in Chicago?."], "article": "If you are planning a visit to Chicago, make sure you see the city best before you head back home.\nArchitecture\nChicago is home to some of the most fascinating architecture in the country. One of the oldest buildings in the city is the Water Tower, which was built in 1869. It is one of the structures to survive the Chicago Fire in 1871. It is a fascinating builging to see, and is nearby the Water Tower Place, which has great shopping. It's a paradise for the young. Another stop must be the Willes Tower, formerly known as the Sears Tower. Go to the top and walk out on the clear walkway to take a look straight down on the city. If you have the time, be sure to have dinner or a cocktail in the Signature Room on the 95th floor. Not only is the food great, but the views are breathtaking.\nBoat Tours\nIf architecture is your thing, Wendella Boats offers a great architecture tour of Chicago. You can see some of the beautiful buildings from the Chicago River, which is a side of the buildings you don't usually get to see. There are several other boat tours that are just great, too, and many will even take you from the river out to Lake Michigan where you can see the Chicago skyline at any time of day. These tours are great ways to gain knowledge of this spectacular city, and it's also a funny way to rest your legs between walking tips.\nFamous Pizza\nYou cannot come to Chicago without trying some famous, deepdish pizza. There are many places to get this delicious, thick pizza, but three stores stand out from the rest. Gino's East, Giordano's, and Lou Malnati's are the best places to get authentic, Chicago-style, deep-dish pizza. Try it with all the toppings or just cheese, but be sure you try it at some point. Many think that much pizza and cheese seems disgusting, but don't knock it till you try it. You might find a new favorite way of eating this Italian classic.", "id": "high4189.txt"}