{"answers": ["A", "D", "A", "C"], "options": [["She was nervous, dissatisfied with her manners but still confident.", "She was cold, hungry but eager to see all the children in the family.", "She was frightened, nervous and regretful about her decision.", "She was calm, confident and very happy with all the family."], ["A nursery maid.", "A house cleaner.", "A home cook.", "A family teacher."], ["The writer had some difficulty with her lunch because of the tough food and the cold.", "The delicious food took the writer's attention away from Mrs. Bloomfield's words.", "All the children were well educated before the writer came to the family.", "All the children in the family were looked after by Mrs Bloomfield herself."], ["Mrs Bloomfield would treat the writer kindly and help her a lot", "The youngest girl Harriet would be the writer's favorite student", "the writer would take on more responsibilities than she should", "Tom Bloomfield would be the cleverest of all the children"]], "questions": ["Which of the following statements best describes how the writer felt when she entered Mrs. Bloomfield's home?", "What job would the writer take in Mrs Bloomfield's home?", "Which of the following was TRUE according to the passage?", "From the passage, we can infer that   _  ."], "article": "As we drove along, my spirits went up again, and I turned, with pleasure, to the thought of the new life which I was entering. But though it was not far past the middle of September, the heavy clouds and strong north-easterly wind combined to make the day extremely cold; and the journey seemed a very long one, so that it was nearly one o'clock before we reached the place of our destination. Yet when we entered the gateway, my heart failed me, and I wished it were a mile or two farther off. For the first time in my life I must stand alone: there was no retreating now. I must enter that house, and introduce myself among its strange people. But how was it to be done? True, I was near nineteen; but, thanks to the protecting care of my mother and sister, I well knew that many a girl of fifteen, or under, was gifted with a more womanly address, and greater ease and self-possession, than I was. Yet, anyway. I would do very well, after all; and the children, of course, I should soon be at ease with them.\n\"Be calm, be calm, whatever happens,\" I said within myself; and truly I was so fully occupied in steadying my nerves and keeping down the rebellious beat of my heart that when I was admitted into the hall and into the presence of Mrs. Bloomfield, I almost forgot to answer her polite greeting; and it afterwards struck me that the little I did say was spoken in the tone of one half-dead or half-asleep.\nWith due politeness, however, she showed me my bedroom, and left me there to take a little refreshment for a little while and led me into the dining-room. Some beefsteaks and potatoes were set before me; and while I dined upon these, she sat opposite, watching me (as I thought) and trying to keep something like a conversation-- consisting chiefly of commonplace remarks. In fact, my attention was almost wholly absorbed in my dinner: not from appetite, but from the toughness of the beefsteaks, and the numbness of my hands.\n\"I have had so little time to attend to their education myself, but I think they are clever children, and very willing to learn, especially the little boy; he is, I think, the flower of the flock-- a generous, noble-spirited boy, one to be led, but not driven, and remarkable for always speaking the truth.\" \"His sister Mary Ann will require watching,\" continued she, \"but she is a very good girl on the whole, though I wish her to be kept out of the nursery as much as possible, as she is now almost six years old, and might acquire bad habits from the nurses. I have ordered her bed to be placed in your room, and if you will be so kind as to look after her washing and dressing, and take charge of her clothes, she needs to have nothing further to do with the nursery maid.\"\nI replied I was quite willing to do so; and at that moment the children entered the room. Tom Bloomfield was a well-grown boy of seven. Mary was a tall girl, for her age of six, somewhat dark like her mother. The second sister was Fanny, a very pretty little girl, looking little younger than Mary. The remaining one was Harriet, a little broad, fat, merry, playful thing of scarcely two, whom I had more desire for than all the rest -- but with her I had nothing to do.", "id": "high419.txt"}