{"answers": ["A", "D", "A"], "options": [["The author wasn't a regular customer to the store.", "The store was owned by the man and the boy.", "The store didn't deal in drinks.", "The author refused their treat because he didn't need it."], ["A Day for a Boy.", "A Young Boy's Determination.", "An Inspiring Boy.", "A Young Boy's Groceries."], ["noble-minded", "hard-working", "well-educated", "open-minded"]], "questions": ["What do we know from the passage?", "What's the best title for the passage?", "We can infer from the description of the author that the boy is   _  ."], "article": "I stopped at a grocery store the other day because I was about to go on a long drive and I wanted to buy my favorite beverage for the trip. It wasn't the store I normally go to, just one I passed along the way.\nAs I walked up to the entrance, I noticed a man and a boy who was about 10 or 12 years old standing at the front of the store. Customers walked past, as the man handed them half-sheets of white paper. I walked up to them with curiosity, wondering what cause they were representing. As I got closer, I saw that they had two carts starting to fill with groceries.\nI said hello and the man greeted me and handed me one of the pieces of paper, explaining that they were collecting donations for the local food pantry. On the paper was a simple list of food items: peanut butter, noodles, pasta sauce, canned fruits and vegetables. It also included a short story about the boy and his efforts to collect food donations since the age of 8. I was really touched that someone so young would be so interested in helping others. I told him it was an awesome idea and that he should be proud of himself. He smiled.\nThen, I went inside to get my drink. Unfortunately, the store didn't have it in stock. But, I wasn't upset, because by then I felt I had another mission. I went through the store, picking things from the list, then brought them back out to the boy and put them in the cart. I also gave the man the white sheet of paper back to reuse for another customer. They thanked me and offered me a treat (candy, I think) but I said to pass it on to someone else.\nAs I walked back to my car, the boy's well-intentioned spirit stuck with me. How inspiring to encounter a young boy with a resolve to do good deeds, and the courage to act on it. It made my day!", "id": "high4196.txt"}