{"answers": ["C", "C"], "options": [["Nobody likes luxury goods any more.", "Luxury goods are of poor quality nowadays.", "Tech products become the new \"luxury goods\".", "Iphones have taken the place of luxury products."], ["The Internet service.", "The images of luxuries.", "The function of products.", "The expectation from the consumers."]], "questions": ["What does this passage mainly talk about?", "What do people pay most attention to nowadays?"], "article": "Market analysts in the United States have recently been quoted as saying that the biggest threat to the luxury   industry in the US is the tech industry. This is according to an article by fellow journalist Ashley Lutz. Her suggestion is sound. The main idea of her article is that products from Tiffany & Co. find their biggest competition not from other luxury brands but from companies like Apple. Lutz points out that luxury products are often only for \"show,\" while the attraction behind tech products is functionality.\nYou find few people in the United States today willing to purchase luxury goods at full price. It didn't use to be that way. Luxury goods used to be actually _ . That meant you needed to travel to the right store to purchase them, and you didn't even have the option of getting a deal.\nToday, no one wants to pay full price for luxury goods. People have the unfortunate belief that fakes   somehow are equal to originals, and if you can't get a deal on eBay, Amazon, or in an outlet store, purchasing a luxury product probably isn't worth it. Luxury brands struggle to remain high-end   images despite the reality that the American consumer is motivated much more by discounts than they are by brand names or image.\nYet people stand in line to pay full price for a new product from Apple and crowds gather to hear about a new smart phone. While electronics are updating every day, people are purchasing technology at full prices much more than they are purchasing luxury goods. What are high-tech makers doing right that luxury makers are pitifully failing at?\nCarefully looking at the situation, it would appear as if the Internet didn't hurt the luxury industry, expectation from the consumers did. What people want these days more than anything is stuff that does something. They want cars that drive, shoes that are comfortable, games that are fun to play, screens that are beautiful to look at, tools that are useful, and entertainment that is entertaining. Little of that fits into what the luxury industry has typically offered with its status, image, and fine materials. The sad reality is that luxury products aren't that luxury any more.", "id": "high4197.txt"}