{"answers": ["A", "D", "B", "A"], "options": [["refuse to obey its master", "immediately fall ill", "require its master to offer some food", "seek for food on its own"], ["They can act as friends, guards, and servants to man.", "They have great adaptation for the environment.", "There live a great variety of species of dogs on the globe.", "The Husky and the Saluki are the strongest species ever known in the world."], ["not to hesitate to spend enormous amount of money on it", "to pay attention to its proper feeding", "not to allow it to take excessive amounts of exercise", "to join some sort of pet-keeping organizations"], ["Domesticated Animals--Man's Best Friends.", "Proper Diet--the Road to Health.", "The Advantages of Raising Domestic Animals.", "Some Tips on Pet-keeping."]], "questions": ["When an animal doesn't get enough food, it will probably   _  .", "Which of the following is NOT true of dogs according to the passage?", "To keep a domestic animal physically fit, its owner is advised   _  .", "Which of the following would be the best title for this passage?"], "article": "Of the thousands of different kinds of animals that exist in the world man has learned to make friends with an enormous number. Some are pets, and offer him companionship; some give protection, and some do hard work which man cannot do for himself. Dogs, which serve man in all three capacities, are found in various species in all countries of the world. The Husky can live in the cold polar regions, and the Saluki is at home in the hottest parts of Central Africa. The inhabitants of certain countries are dependent for their very lives on the camel. In the West Indies the little donkey, strong and sure-footed, carrying heavy loads even in mountainous places, is a familiar sight.\nTrained and tamed for many generations, domestic animals are not accustomed to roaming in search of food and shelter. They look to their masters to provide for their needs, and as long as these are supplied, they are content to do what their masters require.\nAll domestic animals need proper food. It must be suitable for them, sufficient in quantity, fresh and clean. Some people feed a pet dog or cat on odds and ends of table scraps , and then wonder why the animal seems tired and dull. The quantity of food depends on the size of the animal and the amount of exercise it takes. Overfeeding is as bad as underfeeding. Containers for food and water must be washed regularly if the animal is to maintain good health.\nEven well cared for animals may sometimes fall ill. If this happens, the wise master seeks the best advice he can get. All sorts of medicines and treatments are available for sick animals, and in some countries organizations exist to provide them free or at a cheap price. Useful, friendly, hardworking animals deserve to have some time, money and attention spent on their health.", "id": "high4200.txt"}