{"answers": ["D", "C", "A", "B"], "options": [["1987", "1998", "2004", "2006"], ["Jack often smokes in the office when he is alone.", "A taxi driver is smoking with a lady in his car.", "Tom smokes while thinking of his future at home.", "Max smokes for relaxation during time-out in the stadium."], ["A restaurant owner.", "A company manager.", "A car owner.", "A policy maker."], ["Most heart diseases have been proved to be linked to passive smoking.", "A new law will soon come out with a total ban on smoking in vehicles", "Cigarette-making factories will disappear soon.", "Most of the school grounds are not smoke-free, as it is not banned in the law."]], "questions": ["When did the first law come out to ban smoking in public places?", "Which of the following behaviors may NOT be against the law?", "Who might feel unhappy about the law according to the article?", "What can you infer from the article?"], "article": "How did a ban on smoking in public places come into place?\nIn 1998 the Smoking Kills White Paper set out a national strategy   to reduce smoking prevalence   and passive smoking, including in public places. The measures were voluntary and poorly carried out. After a public conference in England in 2004, the Government decided to choose for lawmaking. Scotland went first, with a ban in 2006, followed by the other nations a year later.\nWhat is the current law?\nAny person who smokes in enclosed   public places, including pubs, offices, on public transport and work vehicles, is breaking the law. It does not extend to private houses. It is also an offence for people in charge of premises   to permit others to smoke in them.\nHow was it received?\nIt was welcomed by most organizations except for some pub owners and restaurateurs. Many workplaces in the UK had already introduced smoke-free policies consistent with the legislation (,) before it was carried out, while others have gone beyond its basic requirements.\nAll railway facilities, including platforms, footbridges and other areas--whether or not fitting the definition of an enclosed public space--are covered, as are all football grounds and some cricket and athletics stadiums. School grounds are not required to be smoke-free under the legislation, but the majority now are.\nHow has it been forced?\nCompliance   in public premises has been high, with inspections suggesting that 99 per cent of places were sticking to the rules. The number of people charged for smoking in cars has been very low, which was due to the problems defining and identifying \"work\" vehicles. They said that a total ban on smoking in vehicles would end this confusion.\nHas it improved health?\nStudies in early adopters of the law, including in Scotland, suggest a reduction in hospital admissions for heart disease, which has been shown to be linked to passive smoking. There is also strong evidence of improved rates of smoking end and a drop in the number of cigarettes consumed by those who continue to smoke.", "id": "high4208.txt"}