{"answers": ["C", "A", "B", "D"], "options": [["They are hardworking and courageous.", "They are stubborn and bold.", "They are creative and persistent.", "They are curious and modest."], ["She could understand Washington and helped him a lot.", "She cnuldn't understand him but took good care of him.", "She didn't like Washington's idea about building the bridge.", "She took the responsibility to continue building the bridge."], ["people all over America supported him", "almost no bridge experts in the world supported him", "his friends were strongly in favor of his idea", "many people considered it would be a great fe"], ["NO pains, no gains.", "Many hands make light work.", "A lighted heart is a good medicine.", "Passion creates wonder."]], "questions": ["Which of the following is true of Washington and his father?", "What can we learn about Washington's wife?", "From the passage, we know that  _  when Roebling proposed building the bridge.", "The passage suggests that  _  ."], "article": "In 1883. John Roebling was inspired by an idea to build a spectacular bridge connecting New York with the Long Island. However, bridge building experts throughout the world thought this was an impossible feat and told Roebling to forget the idea, but Roebling could not ignore the vision he had in his mind of this bridge. After much discussion and persuasion he managed to convince his son Washington, an up and coming engineer, that the bridge in fact could be built.\nThe project started well, but when it was only a few months underway a tragic accident on the site took the life of John Roebling. Washington was injured and left with a certain amount of brain damage, which resulted in him not being able to walk or talk or even move.\n\"We told them so.\" \"Crazy men and their crazy dreams.'' \"It's foolish to chase wild visions.\" Evcryone had a negative comment to make and felt that the project should be scrapped since the Roeblings were the only ones who knew how the bridge could be built. In spite of his handicap, Washington was never discouraged.\nOne day he was lying on his bed in hospital, seeing the sky and the tops of the trees outside for just a moment with the sunlight streaming through the windows, and a gentle breeze bowing the  flimsy white curtains apart when an idea hit him. He decided to make the best use of the only finger  he could move. Thus, he slowly developed a code of communication with his wife.\nHe touched his wife's arm with that finger, indicating to her that he wanted her to call the engineers again. Then he used the same method of tapping her arm to tell the engineers what to do. It seemed foolish but the project was under way again.\nFor 13 years Washington tapped out his instructions with his finger on his wife's arm until the bridge was finally completed.", "id": "high4210.txt"}