{"answers": ["A", "C", "B", "A"], "options": [["Bright Future", "Her talent.", "Her mother", "Her school"], ["Genzeb Tibeb quitted school for several years.", "Genzeb Tibeb was admitted into a famous university,", "Genzeb Tibcb was involved in Bright Future activities.", "Genzeb Tibeb had to earn a living by herself."], ["A student training center", "A scholarship organization", "A government school", "An orphanage organization"], ["Collecting and selling sticks.", "Teach younger kids there.", "Lock in academic skills.", "Take part in field trips."]], "questions": ["According to the text, what is the major factor that can help Genzeb Tibeb continue  her school?", "From the text we can leam  _  .", "According to the taxt, what is Bright Future probably?", "Which of the following things didn't Genzeb Tibeb clo on Bright Future ?"], "article": "Genzeb Tibeb is very bright. At only 11 years old, her future is looking promising.  She is ranked 2nd Out of 56 students at her govemment school in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia where she has been seleeted for a special program because of her talent. She knows she is special and proudly shows off her certificate and book signifying her accomplishments in this special program.\nBut her future hasn't always looked so bright. While her mother, Bekelech, sacrificed immensely for Genzeb, she would not have been able to continue sending her to school. When her husband died, Bekelech was the sole provider for their five children. In order for them to survive, she began the daily routine of walking approximately 8-10 miles a day collecting sticks to sell near her 8' x 10' home in Kichene.  It wouldn't have been long before Genzeb would have been, forced to quit school in order to help her mom.    But Bright Future changed all that.\nGenzeb has been at Bright Future for 3 years.  Since Ethiopian schools let out early, Genzeb walks to the facility right after lunch.  Because of her high ability, she even helps teach the younger children there, building confidence and locking in important foundational academic skills. There's also other meaningful opportunities Genzeb experiences which allow her eyes to be opened to the different opportunities that are available to her if she completes her studies.  Field trips are one of her most favorite activities of all. She especially loved the one to Addis Ababa University.\nShe knows it goes beyond fun trips, though. \"I am happy because I get extra help for school from Bright Future,\" Genzeb shares.  At so many levels, her involvement with Bright Future allows her to receive a better education, which she values.  For one day she wants to help people in need by becoming a doctor.  And now she knows, that with a lot of hard  work, that dream might just become a reality.", "id": "high4211.txt"}