{"answers": ["C", "C", "D", "A", "B"], "options": [["She wanted to enjoy a different Christmas.", "She wanted to make more money.", "She was inspired by her trip for a BBC TV program.", "She hoped to present herself with a surprise."], ["spring", "summer", "fall", "winter"], ["She met many artists and craftspeople on her way to Britain.", "She spent a whole summer in Britain making crafts.", "She was asked to sew clothes, and curtains and made much money.", "Many people showed great interest in making things themselves."], ["be grateful to what they have gained", "keep up with fashion", "stick to something interesting", "know more information about craft"], ["Making Christmas presents can only convey a bit of your love.", "People can find their artistic talent in making Christmas presents.", "A cup of hot cocoa can inspire you to make a creative present.", "It would take a long time to prepare a homemade Christmas present."]], "questions": ["Why did the author promise to make herself a Christmas gift this year?", "The author had her plans carried out and set out for Britain in   _  .", "What happened during the author's trip to Britain?", "According to the passage, people learn to   _   through crafting.", "What is the author's opinion on homemade Christmas presents?"], "article": "This Christmas, maybe different from previous years, a strong desire drives me to make my own Christmas gifts. Honestly speaking, I've promised myself this more than once. As a crafter  , I've frequently thought I am supposed to turn it into action. However, this year I really plan to stick to it. It's partly because I run short of money. More importantly, I've recently returned from an inspiring trip around Britain, collecting some information about crafting for BBC's Newsnight.\nActually I planned the trip couples of months ago. The idea of traveling the country -- making things as I went, meeting artists and craftspeople -- sounded perfect to spend the summer. I'd pack a tent and a sewing machine and I'd set off. But by the time I determined my plans and hit the road, leaves made a sighing sound under foot. It seemed crazy to camp with winter on the way; Luckily, Newsnight viewers offered me accommodations in return for help with a craft task.\nMy tasks ranged from sewing worn-out clothes to making trousers. Textile students in Harpenden offered to pay for my petrol in return for a talk about hats. In Derby, Amy needed help to change an old pair of curtains.\nI was really struck by people's increasing enthusiasm for making things. When I asked some people if they could sew, only a few raised their hands. But when I asked who wanted to learn, nearly everyone responded positively, hoping to learn something practical.\nCraft is definitely popular at the moment. But besides fashion, we're learning to appreciate effort and quality again. Perhaps once people rediscover the pleasure to be gained from making something unique, it may stick.\nSue is director of quilts at the V&A, where next spring she'll be putting on the museum's first major quilting exhibition. Sue believes the return to crafting is related to how we rethink ourselves. \"People, especially women, are beginning to think about the way they live their lives. It's 40 years since the first women's liberation  conference was held in Oxford. Since then we've been in the workplace, and we've had the opportunity of choice. Now we're carefully choosing to go back into the home.\"\nWhether you agree with that or not, there's something about Christmas that brings out the artistic flavor  in everyone. Whether it's baking bread or pies or decorating the halls or rooms, we're all prepared to have a try at any time. So if you fancy having a different and joyful party or holiday and making a few presents, try these really simple ideas, each inspired by my recent journey there. They make small and interesting gifts, and take no longer than 30 minutes each. Enjoy Christmas songs and settle down with a cup of hot cocoa, and the cold is gone. You'll save yourself a small quantity of money and spread a little bit of love, too!", "id": "high4214.txt"}