{"answers": ["A", "D", "C"], "options": [["want to show their existence by creating a culture of their own", "have a strong desire to be leaders in style and taste", "have no other way to enjoy themselves better", "want to make their Parents angry"], ["have already been accepted into the adult world", "feel that they are superior to the adults", "are not likely to win over the adults", "have a desire to be independent"], ["attractive", "positive", "cooperative", "productive"]], "questions": ["Teenagers tend to have strange clothes and hairstyles mainly because they  _  .", "Teenagers do not want their parents to agree whatever they do because they  _  .", "To improve parent--child relationships,teenagers are advised to be  _  ."], "article": "It is natural for young people to be critical of their parents at times and to blame them for most of the misunderstandings between them. They have always complained, more or less justly, that their parents are out of touch with modern ways; that they are possessive and dominant; that they do not trust their children to deal with problems; that they talk too much about certain problems--and that they have no sense of humor, at least in parent--child relationships. I think it is true that parents often underestimate their teenage children and also forget how they themselves felt when young.\nYoung people often make their parents angry at their choices in clothes and hairstyles, in entertainers and music. This is not their motive. They feel cut off from the adult world into which they have not yet been accepted. So they create a culture and society of their own. Then, if it turns out that their music or entertainers or vocabulary or clothes or hairstyles make their parents angry, this gives them extra enjoyment. They feel they are superior, at least in a small way, and that they are leaders in style and taste.\nSometimes you are resistant, and proud because you do not want your parents to agree what you do. If they agree, it looks as if you are betraying your own age group. But in that case, you are supposing that you are the underdog; you cannot win but at least you keep your honor. This is a passive way of looking at things. It is natural enough after long years of childhood, when you were completely under your parents' contro1. But it ignores the fact that you are now beginning to be responsible for yourself. If you plan to control your life, cooperation can be part of that plan. You can attract others, especially your parents, into doing things the way you want. You can impress others with your sense of responsibility, so that they will let you choose what you want to do.", "id": "high4226.txt"}