{"answers": ["C", "A", "A", "D"], "options": [["have poor academic records", "use the information in late years", "can be academically weak or strong", "are more likely to be punished than before"], ["The pressure students faced with is partly the reason causing the student cheating.", "Only the educational system and administrators are to blame for the rise in the cheating.", "The 1960s vision of changing the world helped students never make mistakes.", "Punishment for cheaters has always been severe in this country."], ["students who practice cheating", "parents who put pressure on their children.", "school administrators who approve of short-answer tests.", "teachers who are too hesitant to take actions against cheating."], ["students who cheat should be driven out of school", "parents alone must take responsibility for the rise in student cheating", "the educational system is sound, and students must follow every rule", "the educational system in this country would benefit from a thorough evaluation"]], "questions": ["Educators are finding that students who cheat  _  .", "Which of the following statements reflects the information in the passage?", "The phrase \"the individuals\" in Line 8, Para 3 refers to   _  .", "The author probably would agree with the point of view that   _  ."], "article": "Cheating is nothing new. But today, education and administrations are finding that examples of academic dishonesty on the part of students have become more frequent--- and are less likely to be punished---than in the\npast. Cheating appears to have gained acceptance among good and poor students alike.\nWhy is student cheating on the rise? No one really knows. Some blame the trend on a general loosening of moral values among today's youth. Others have attributed  increased cheating to the fact that today's youth are far more practical than their idealistic ancestors. Whereas in the late sixties and early seventies, students were filled with visions about changing the word, today's students feel great pressure to survive and succeed. In interviews with students at high schools and colleges around the country, both young men and women said that cheating had become easy. Some suggested they did it out of hate for teachers they didn't respect. Others looked at it as a game. Only if they were caught, some said, would they feel guilty. \"People are competitive,\" said a second-year college student named Anna, from Chicago. \"There is an potential fear. If you don't do well, your life is going to be ruined. The pressure is not only from parents and friends but from yourself. To achieve. To succeed. It's almost as though we have to surpass people to achieve our own goals.\nEdward Wynne, editor of a magazine blames the rise in academic dishonesty in the schools. He claims that administrators and teachers have been too hesitant to take action. Dwight Huber, chairman of the English Department at Amarillo sees the matter differently, blaming the rise in cheating on the way students evaluated. \"I would cheat if I felt I was being cheated,\" Mr. Huber said. He feels that as long as teachers give short-answer tests rather than essay questions and rate students by the number of facts they can memorize rather than by how well they can combine and process information, students will try to beat the system. \" The concept of cheating is based on the false belief that the system is legal and there is something wrong with _ who're doing it,\" he said, \"That's too easy an answer. We've got to start looking at the system.\"", "id": "high4229.txt"}