{"answers": ["A", "C"], "options": [["She had expected much of Aryan.", "She got her eyes injured in the accident.", "She was hit by one bottle on the arm.", "She had everything ready for Aryan's future."], ["The Death of a Miserable Child", "A Sad Mother on a Windy Night", "The Price for Another Man's Mistake", "Overspeeding from Drunk Driving"]], "questions": ["Which of the following statements is TRUE of Radha?", "What would be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "A mother is _ , crying, yelling all she can in that dark corner. There was nobody tohear her yell and not a soul to calm her, because outside her house is a long winding lonely road.The wind was at rest and the leaves didn't rustle, silence filling the air. Loneliness was alreadykilling her, but no one knows what made her cry?\nLosing something you love with all your heart isn't really the pain you can ever overcome.Radha lost her baby, her only means to live. She saw her child getting killed and the accidentwas terrible. One lonely night, she was walking down the street to get a breath of fresh air withher child hugged tight in her arms.\nThe whole time she walked with her child in her arms, the only thing that worried her wasAryan's future. She was imagining and feeling every day of the child's growthand figuringwhat she would have in store for him. But who knows what's in store for us tomorrow, life canchange in a second.\nOn that deserted road, were a few streetlights barely enough? It was this one light that couldbe seen from a distance,but as it came closer it got brighter and brighter. That light changedRadha's life into darkness forever. A speeding car came down that road. The driver came with a full speed throwing beer bottles out of his half open window. He was definitely drunk,and the speed took, everything in its path. Just then, there was a loud cry, and silence set in again.\nBut the mother wasn't hurt. She opened her eyes, unable to focus her eyes, and didn't seeAryan. After a few minutes when her sight cleared up she looked all over in a panic for her baby,but alas! ... The child hadn't even seen life.\nSimple, don't drink and drive. _ life, _", "id": "high4232.txt"}