{"answers": ["D", "C", "A", "A", "C"], "options": [["He can use plastic bags to carry trash later.", "He finds paper bags heavier than plastic bags.", "He finds plastic bags more convenient to carry.", "He can save money for plastic bags are cheaper."], ["seals like eating plastic bags around them.", "seals really have a good stomach.", "seals are potential victims of plastic bags.", "seals are not able to differ plastic from food."], ["still does harm to the environment", "can hardly be harmful to the environment", "is much safer than Plastic Bag2", "will end up being eaten by seals or some fish"], ["Suggestions on reducing harm of plastic bags.", "Disadvantages of using too many plastic bags.", "Persuading people into using paper bags.", "Other potential victims of plastic bags."], ["Excited", "Serious", "Ironical", "Casual"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, what is NOT the reason for a customer to choose plastic bags?", "The author describes the travel of Plastic Bag 1 to show   _  .", "Wrapped in a big plastic bag, Plastic Bag3  _  .", "What will the following part of this passage talk about?", "What is the overall tone of this passage?"], "article": "You've bought what you need. The grocery cashier asks, \"Will that be paper or plastic? You reply \"Plastic, please.\"\nThis seems like a simple question and there are plenty of reasons we choose plastic: easier to carry, lighter than paper bags, possibly less damaging to the environment, less expensive to the shop owners, able to be used as trash bag, and so on. There are different opinions on plastic and paper. Now let's follow the travels of 3 plastic bags. It begins at the grocery store with the customer's choice.\nPlastic Bag 1: As the waste engineer come by and pick up the trash, the first plastic bag falls out. It sits on a small street for a couple of hours until a car comes along and takes it down to the road. Then a gust of wind blows it across the road, then another car, then another gust of wind finally makes its way to the beach. Water fills the plastic bag and makes it look like a jellyfish. A seal  swims by, thinking it looks very interesting, and swallowed it. The plastic bag may stay in the seal's stomach for months, maybe years. You see, our lovely animals have been living thousands of years in a world where everything can be eaten.\nPlastic Bag 2: This bag does make its way to landfill . Before they have a chance to cover up the thousands of pounds of daily waste, a strong wind comes up and blows these plastic bags out of the landfill. Once the wind stops, workers will be sent to collect thousands of bags around. But they can't possibly get them all. So our little bag continues his adventure getting caught in trees, eaten by birds or making its way to our lakes or rivers.\nPlastic Bag 3: The last bag also blows away but is caught in a landfill where it sits for many years, as all the trash is wrapped in a big plastic bag, making natural degradation  impossible. Although workers do much work to make sure water and air system won't be polluted, some do. Guess what, plastic bags are made from petrol, a harmful waste material, which in one way or another makes its way to the environment.\nAnother problem with putting plastic bags in out trash is that our landfills for most cities may be filled in about 20 years. More importantly, since we are running out of land to build homes, you might have the pleasure of one day living on top of your plastic bags!\nOne of the best suggestions is not to use a bag at all or bring your own cloth bags. If you must, please choose paper bags, which, though not suggested, can be eaten by animals. And there are more opportunities recycle paper bags. It does take a little extra effort. But please have a thought about the little seal next time you say, \"Plastic please.\"", "id": "high4237.txt"}