{"answers": ["D", "B", "B", "A"], "options": [["was adopted by a lawyer and his wife", "dropped out when he was 17 years old", "The author was admitted to Stanford", "valued his dropping out"], ["His academic performance was very poor.", "He did not want to waste his parents' money.", "His parents were too poor to afford the college tuition.", "He didn't think university could help him to get a well-paid job"], ["He could transfer to Stanford.", "He could follow his passion.", "He didn't have to attend classes any more.", "He could spend more time in Hare Krishna temple."], ["The author was taking a risk when he made the decision of dropping out.", "The author enjoyed the comfort and pleasure of life after he dropped out.", "The author's parents were very angry at his decision.", "The author was a very curious person."]], "questions": ["From the passage we know that the author  _  .", "The author dropped out mainly because  _  .", "Why did the author think dropping out was a good decision?", "What can be inferred from this passage ?"], "article": "I dropped out of Reed College after the first 6 months, but then stayed around as a drop-in     for another l8 months or so before I really quit. So why did I drop out?\nIt started before I was born. My biological mother was a young, unmarried college graduate student, and she decided to, put me up for adoption. She felt very strongly that I should be adopted by college graduates, so everything was all set for me to be adopted at birth by a lawyer and his wife. Except that when I popped out they decided at the last minute that they really wanted a girl. So my parents, who were on a waiting list, got a call in the middle of the night asking: \"We have an unexpected baby boy; do you want him?\" They said: \"Of course. \" My biological mother later found out that my mother had never graduated from college and that my father had never graduated from high school. She refused to sign the final adoption papers, She only gave in a few months later when my parents promised that would someday go to college.\nAnd 17 years later I did go to college. But I artlessly chose a college that was almost as expensive as Stanford, and ail of my working class parents' savings were being spent on my college tuition. After six months, I couldn't see the value in it. I had no idea what I wanted to do with my life and no idea how college was going to help me figure it out. And here I was spending all of the money my parents had saved their entire life. So I decided to drop out and trust that it would all work out OK. It was pretty scary at the time, but looking back it was one of the best decisions I ever made. The minute I dropped out I could stop taking the required classes that didn't interest me, and begin dropping in on the ones that looked interesting.\nIt wasn't all romantic. I didn't have a dorm room, so I slept on the floor in friends' rooms, I returned coke bottles for the $ 5 deposits to buy food with, and I would walk the 7 miles across town every Sunday night to get one good meal a week at the Hare Krishna temple. I loved it. And much of what I stumbled into by following my curiosity and intuition turned out to be priceless later on.", "id": "high4244.txt"}