{"answers": ["A", "B", "C"], "options": [["How You Spend Your 20s Will Define You.", "The 20-something Brain Remains To Be Developed.", "Young People Need Employment And Experiences.", "Becoming Mature Should Invest In The Career."], ["Not all people resist becoming independent.", "Adult responsibilities make you happier.", "Not making a choice is a better policy", "It takes chances to get good jobs."], ["Take feedback personally anytime and anywhere.", "It is never too late to wait till a choice is made.", "A lesson should be learned from criticism.", "The satisfaction of working is not contented."]], "questions": ["What is the best title of the passage?", "What can we infer from the whole passage?", "What idea does the writer of the passage support?"], "article": "While many young people may resist getting a \"real job\" or becoming independent, these are the things that make you happy and give you purpose. Some people underestimate the satisfaction of working, thinking they'll be miserable. The 20-somethings that do work are happier than those who don' t or are underemployed.\nIf you invest in your career early,you'll have longer to build it up. 70% of wage growth happens in the first 10 years, so you need to get the best job you can get and negotiate your salary. No one can be sure that people who will wait until their 30s to get going are expecting to experience later to catch up with those of their ages.\nMany 20-somethings don't know what they want to do, so they hang around the house or in. low-level jobs waiting for the spirit to move them. Not making a choice is a choice. These 20-somethings think they are keeping their options open, but they are actually closing doors. Resumes start to look thin, their peers  begin surpassing them and they may get stuck in underemployment.\nIt will take about 10,000 hours(or about five years)to really master their jobs. If you're wondering why colleagues seem so smart and confident, it's partly because they've been doing it longer. Young people should learn as much as they can in their first jobs and remember it will take some time to really get good.\nThe 20-something brain is still developing, which is in charge of critical emotion with reason. This, _ less on-the-job experience, means 20-somethings are more sensitive to surprise and criticism. They are more likely to take feedback personally. Step back and get some perspective. You're not going to be fired because your boss is angry. Hear the criticism and learn from it.\nThe brain doesn't fully mature until your mid-20s, particularly the parts that plan for the future and manage emotions. That doesn't mean you should sit around and wait for it to develop. In. fact, what you learn and experience in your 20s becomes hardwired into your brain and this is the best chance you have to change your brain and change how you think and react. What people do in their 20s determines who they'll be as adults.", "id": "high4246.txt"}