{"answers": ["B", "A", "C", "D"], "options": [["it was stolen by a stranger", "it was towed by the police", "he placed it in a wrong place", "he should rent another one"], ["an office for license", "a towing place", "a renting place", "a parking lot"], ["His colleagues were fond of chocolates.", "He wanted to thank his colleagues.", "He was touched and hoped to cheer others.", "He wanted to do his colleagues a favor."], ["to criticize the person stealing his cars", "to praise the rental place at Enterprise", "to tell us a surprising but moving story", "to encourage people to do acts of kindness"]], "questions": ["The moment the author found the car missing, he thought   _  .", "We can infer that DMV is   _  .", "Why did the author put some chocolates on his colleagues' desks?", "The author writes about his experience   _  ."], "article": "One day I walked down to get to my car, thinking about what I had to accomplish and scolding myself for being late for work, but surprisingly the car was nowhere to be found.\nThis was at 8 a.m. in the morning. I made trips to all the towing places and police stations, all the time thinking that it was towed  by cops  .By around 10 a.m., the cops decided that it was actually stolen. After filing a report with them, I finally got to work thinking how my day was completely messed up.\nLater in the day I went to pick up a rental car at Enterprise only to realize that my license was missing, too, along with my car. I told the enterprise guy the whole story and he offered to take me to the closest DMV and get a duplicate   license. 1 was totally shocked. I did not know why this complete stranger would want to take some time off his day to help me. He actually took me to DMV, got a duplicate and then rented me a car. I was upset the whole day because of the events happening to me but somehow this simple act of kindness from a complete stranger made it all worth it. It cheered me up and made me forget all the troubles of the day. I was so moved by this kind act that the next day I made sure someone else got a similar surprise. I took some smiley shaped chocolates and left them on some of my colleagues' desks.\nThere is still a lot of goodness out there in the world. We just need to take the time to notice it. I hope that this story would inspire many others like me to do more acts of kindness.", "id": "high4247.txt"}