{"answers": ["C", "B", "D", "C"], "options": [["full of ambition", "self-disciplined", "full of enthusiasm", "knowledgeable"], ["just rends about other peoples observations and discoveries.", "Lacks some of the qualities required of scientist.", "Has a great deal of trouble doing mental arithmetic.", "Come up with solutions in most natural ways."], ["He didn't live very long with them", "He was too young when he lived with them.", "The family was extremely large", "He was fully occupied with observing nature."], ["The author believes that a born naturalist can not be scientist.", "The author read a lot of books about the natural world and oil industry", "The author's brothers and sisters were good at music and languages.", "The author spent a lot of time working on riddles."]], "questions": ["According to the author, a born naturalist should first of all be   _", "The author says that he is a naturalist rather than a scientist probably because he thinks he   _  .", "The author can't remember him relatives clearly because  _", "Which of the following statements is true?"], "article": "Looking back on my childhood. I am convinced that naturalists are born and not made. Although we were brought up in the same way, my brothers and sisters soon  abandoned their pressed flowers and insects. Unlike them, I had no ear for music and languages. I was not an early reader and I could not do mental arithmetic.\nBefore Word War I we spent our summer holidays in Hungary. I have only the dim memory of the house we lived in, of my room and my toys. Nor do I recall clearly the large  family of grandparents, aunts, uncles and cousins who gathered next door. But I do have a crystal clear memory of dogs, the farm animals, the local birds and above all, the insects.\nI am a naturalist, not a scientist. I have a strong love of the natural world, and my enthusiasm has led me into varied investigations. I love discussing my favorite topics and enjoy burning the midnight oil reading about other people's observations and discoveries. Then something happens that brings these observations together in my conscious mind. Suddenly you fancy you see the answer to the riddle. Because it all seems to fit together .This has resulted in my publishing 300 papers and books. Which some may light honor, with the title of scientific research.\nBut curiosity a keen eye, a good memory and enjoyment of the animal and plant world do not make a scientist? One of the outstanding and essential qualities required is self-discipline, a quality I lack. A scientist can be made a naturalist. If you can combine the two, you get the best of both worlds.", "id": "high4250.txt"}