{"answers": ["C", "D", "A", "A"], "options": [["Fred", "Andy", "Liz", "Chris"], ["He's running his company", "He's playing golf all day", "He's looking for another job", "He's playing computer games"], ["present another side of people", "offer some foods for free", "show endless advertisements", "get you to more parties"], ["giving examples", "following the time order", "listing figures", "raising questions"]], "questions": ["Who is opposed to the flu vaccine in the text?", "What's Andy probably busy in doing now?", "According to the text, FaceBook tends to   _  .", "The text is developed mainly by   _  ."], "article": "I'm not so sure I like my friends any more. I used to like them-to be honest. We'd have lunch, talk on the phone or exchange emails, and they all seemed normal enough. But then came Face Book, and I was introduced to a sad fact: many of my friends have dark sides that they had kept from me.\nToday my friends show off the more unpleasant aspects of their personalities via FaceBook. No longer hidden, they're thrown in my face like TV commercials -unavoidable and endless advertisements for the worst of their personalities.\nTake Fred. If you were to have lunch with him, you'd find him warm, and self-effacing .Read his FaceBook and you'll realize he's an unbearable, food-obsessed boring man. He'd pause to have a cup of coffee on his way to save a drowning man-and then write about it.\nTake Andy. You won't find a smarter CEO anywhere, but now he's a CEO without a company to run. So he plays Mafia Wars on FaceBook. He's doing well-level 731. Thanks to FaceBook, I know he's playing about 18 hours a day. Andy, you've run four companies-and this is how you spend your downtime? What happned to golf?What happened to getting another job?\nTake Liz. She is positive that the flu vaccine will kill us all and that we should avoid it. And then comes Chris who likes to post at least 20 times a day on every website he can find, so I get to read his thoughts twice, once on FaceBook and once on Twitter.\nIn real life, I don't see these sides of people. Face to face, my friends show me their best. They're nice, smart people. But face to FaceBook, my friends is like a blind date which goes horribly wrong.\nI'm left with a dilemma. Who is my real friend?Is it the Liz I have lunch with or the anti-vaccine madman on FaceBook? Is it the Fred I can grab a sandwich with or the Fred who weeps if he's at a party and the wine isn't up to his standard?", "id": "high4263.txt"}