{"answers": ["A", "C"], "options": [["A cosmetologist gets paid at least $3,600 a month.", "Beauty schools are not popular with young people.", "Graduates can easily be offered jobs by universities.", "It isn't suitable for the old to start a career in cosmetology."], ["The development of cosmetology", "How to become a cosmetologist", "The benefits of beauty schools", "Going to college or beauty school"]], "questions": ["What can be learnt from the passage?", "Which of the following would be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "There are plenty of beauty schools throughout the country that can help you to start a career in cosmetology . Nowadays, young people may not be able to afford a four-year college. Students can look forward to attending a beauty school program which will only take a few months to complete and start their career right away to earn money.\nThere can be many benefits of going to beauty school. The expense is much less than attending a four-year university. Besides, attending beauty school is mostly a hands-on  experience which appeals to many people. Some students don't like sitting all day listening to lectures and then having to study at night. What's more, most beauty school programs keep up with the changing trends and fashion. So you will always be working on different hair types which can be fun and will give you a lot of experience throughout the years of your career.\nIf you are worried about finding a job after graduation, many beauty schools will offer assistance for immediate job placement and give you peace of mind that you will not be _ looking for a job. Most colleges and universities are not equipped to do that because of the large number of graduates each year.\nCosmetologists will also make a good salary. The average salary will depend on your location, but you may earn a salary around $3,000 -- $3,500 a month. This is not including tips which could be $600 or more a month.\nNot only can young people go to cosmetology school, but people of all ages can start this career. As you can see, there are many benefits of beauty schools that can be the perfect opportunity for anyone to become a great cosmetologist.", "id": "high4268.txt"}