{"answers": ["A", "A", "B"], "options": [["About 15.", "8.", "18.", "About 10."], ["they wanted to meet their daughters' needs .", "the children couldn't go to school without a TV", "the sisters would like to be like their friends", "they had to do as the youngest daughter told them to"], ["concerning", "hard", "meaningless", "important"]], "questions": ["How old was the author, when their family got a TV?", "The author's parents finally decided to buy a TV because   _  .", "The author thinks \"to judge whether a TV's influence is good or bad\" is   _  ."], "article": "I was eight when my neighbors got a TV. It was small and expensive, but that didn't matter. IT WAS WONDERFUL. Everyone in the building came up to the fifth floor to see this latest wonder of the modern world. That was in 1948.\nSoon, a lot of people got a TV, but not us. My parents didn't think it was good for children. Being a good son, I didn't argue with them. But I secretly watch TV--at my friends' homes.\nBy 1955, televisions weren't so expensive and were much larger. My parents still thought they were not good for us, but my sisters insisted, saying they were the only people in the neighborhood who didn't have one. All their friends talked about certain programs and actors, but they couldn't. Their friends laughed at them, which made them feel very unhappy. My youngest sister cried, saying she was never going back to school and that life without a TV wasn't worth living. Nothing my parents said made her feel better. The next morning, without telling us, they went out and got a new TV.\nWhen we were young our parents allowed us to watch TV for two hours a night. And we couldn't watch until our homework was finished. But after a year or two, TV wasn't exciting or new anymore. It became just another part of our lives like shoes or soap. My parents still had fears about TV. We were going to forget how to read, and TV was going to fill our minds with violence, they said.\nToday people still argue about the value of TV. Nobody can deny the power of TV, which has a powerful influence on our lives. On average, Americans spend 30 hours a week watching TV. Is this influence good or bad? This is an unanswerable question indeed: It is hard enough to measure influence; and it is even harder to decide what is good and what isn't. What is good, I suppose, is that many people are concerned about TV's influence and that we have the power to change what we don't like.\nThe people of Monhegan Island, 18 kilometers away off the coast of Maine, don't have electricity, and they decided; once again, that they liked that way. Electricity, they think, would make life too easy and spoil their way of life. Maybe the young people wouldn't want to go to town dances anymore. Maybe they would be more interested in staying at home and watching TV.", "id": "high4273.txt"}