{"answers": ["C", "C", "C"], "options": [["show that a person's opinion about taste is mere guess-work", "compare the ability of the participants in choosing their drinks", "find out the role taste preference plays in a person's drinking", "reveal which cola is more to the liking of the drinkers"], ["being seriously burnt in the skin", "being badly damaged by fire", "being unable to function because of excessive use", "being unable to burn for lack of fuel"], ["emphasize that taste and price are closely related to each other", "recommend that blind tasting be introduced in the quality control of colas", "show that taste preference is highly subjective", "argue that taste testing is an important marketing strategy"]], "questions": ["According to the passage the preference test was conducted in order to   _  .", "The word \"burnout\" (Line3, Para. 5) refers to the state of   _  .", "The author's purpose in writing this passage is to   _  ."], "article": "Taste is such a subjective matter that we don't usually conduct preference tests for food. The most you can say about anyone's preference is that it's one person's opinion. But because the two big cola companies--Coca-Cola and Pepsi Cola are marketed so aggressively, we've wondered how big a role taste preference actually plays in brand loyalty. We set up a taste test that challenged people who identified themselves as either Coca-Cola or Pepsi fans: Find your brand in a blind tasting.\nWe invited staff volunteers who had a strong liking for either Coca-Cola Classic   or Pepsi, Diet   Coke, or Diet Pepsi. These were people who thought they'd have no trouble telling their brand from the other brand.\nWe eventually located 19 regular cola drinkers and 27 diet cola drinkers. Then we fed them four unidentified samples of cola one at a time, regular colas for the one group, diet versions for the other. We asked them to tell us whether each sample was Coke or Pepsi; then we analyzed the records statistically to compare the participants' choices with what mere guess-work could have accomplished.\nGetting all four samples right was a tough test, but not too tough, we thought, for people who believed they could recognize their brand. In the end, only 7 out of 19 regular cola drinkers correctly identified their brand of choice in all four trials. The diet-cola drinkers did a little worse----only 7 of 27 identified all four samples correctly.\nWhile both groups did better than chance would predict, nearly half the participants in each group made the wrong choice two or more times. Two people got all four samples wrong. Overall, half the participants did about as well on the last round of tasting as on the first, so tiredness, or taste _ , was not a factor. Our preference test results suggest that only a few Pepsi participants and Coke fans may really be able to tell their favorite brand by taste and price.", "id": "high4278.txt"}