{"answers": ["B", "C", "D"], "options": [["Because hungry people needed time to fill their stomach.", "Because Radel wanted to create two groups of testers, hungry and non-hungry.", "Because noon was not the right time for any experiment.", "Because Radel needed time to select participants in terms of body mass index."], ["Human's senses aren't just delivering a strict view of what's going on in the world.", "What's perceived by our senses affects our way of thinking.", "Human brains can really be at the disposal of our motives and needs.", "Thinking processes guarantee the normal functions of our senses."], ["42 participants are too small a number for a serious investigation.", "An experiment with hungry and non-hungry participants is not reliable.", "Our thinking processes are independent of our senses.", "Humans can perceive what they need without involving high-level thinking processes"]], "questions": ["Why was there a delay on the day of the experiment?", "What does the writer want to tell us?", "What can we infer from the passage?"], "article": "Our senses aren't just delivering a strict view of what's going on in the world; they're affected by what's going on in our heads. A new study finds that hungry people see food-related words more clearly than people who've just eaten.\nPsychologists have known for decades that what's going on inside our head affects our senses. For example, poorer children think coins are larger than they are, and hungry people think pictures of food are brighter. Remi Radel of University of Nice Sophia-Antipolis, France, wanted to investigate how this happens.\nDoes it happen right away as the brain receives signals from the eyes or a little later as the brain's high-1evel thinking processes get involved. Radel recruited 42 students with a normal body mass index. On the day of his or her test, each student was told to arrive at the lab at noon after three or four hours of not eating. Then they were told there was a delay. Some were told to come back in 10 minutes; others were given an hour to get lunch first. So half the students were hungry when they did the experiment and the other half had just eaten.\nFor the experiment, the participant looked at a computer screen. One by one, 80 words flashed on the screen for about l/300th of a second each. They flashed at so small a size that the students could only consciously perceive. A quarter of the words were food-related. After each word, each person was asked how bright the word was and asked to choose which of two words they'd seen-a food-related word like cake or a neutral word like boat. Each word appeared too briefly for the participant to really read it.\nHungry people saw the food-related words as brighter and were better at identifying food- related words. Because the word appeared too quickly for them to be reliably seen, this means that the difference is in perception, not in thinking processes, Radel says. \"This is something great to me. Humans can really perceive what they need or what they strive for. From the experiment, I know that our brain can really be at the disposal of our motives and needs. \"Radel says.", "id": "high4279.txt"}