{"answers": ["B", "D", "D"], "options": [["make troubles in and out of schools", "go about or stay home instead of being at school", "try hard but always fails in the exams", "lose hope and give up some of their subjects"], ["how to study well", "how to get on with others", "to show love and care for others", "All above"], ["The Trouble in Japanese Schools", "The Problems of Japanese Students", "Education in Japan", "The Pressures on the Students in Japan"]], "questions": ["\"Dropouts\" are those who   _  .", "According to the passage, it's necessary to teach students   _  .", "Which of the following can be the best title of the passage?"], "article": "Japanese students work very hard but many are unhappy. They feel heavy pressures  from their parents. Most students are always told by their parents to study harder and better so that they can have a wonderful life in the future. Though this may be a good idea for those very bright students, it can have terrible results for many students who are not gifted  enough. Many of them have tried very hard at school but have failed in the exams and have their parents lose hope. Such students felt that they are hated by everyone else they meet and they don't want to go to school any longer. They become dropouts.\nIt is surprising that though most Japanese parents are worried about their children, they do not help them in any way. Many parents feel that they are not able to help their children and that it is the teachers' work to help their children. To make matters worse, a lot of parents serif their children to those schools opening in the evenings and on weekends -- they only help the students to pass the exams and never teach them any real sense of the world.\nMany Japanese schools usually have rules about everything from the students' hair to their clothes and things in their school bags. Child psychologists  now think that such strict rules are harmful to the feelings of the students. Almost 40% of the students said that no one had taught them how to get on with others, how to tell right from wrong and how to show love and care for others, even for their parents.", "id": "high4288.txt"}