{"answers": ["C", "B"], "options": [["the rising of PM 2.5 readings", "more people suffering diseases", "the increase of people's income", "patients increased in hospital"], ["Because people have to pay higher prices.", "Because nobody can avoid it.", "Because we have to develop industry.", "Because a popular online-post discussed it."]], "questions": ["The effect of smog doesn't include.", "Why smog has become a common concern?"], "article": "Since the beginning of the year, smog has covered parts of North China. In January, Beijing saw only five days without smog. The rising PM 2.5 readings terrified many people, and some health experts said that whenever the smog gets serious, hospitals receive more patients suffering acute respiratory and heart diseases.\nLater, news of polluted underground water in some provinces scared people who wondered whether the water they drink is safe.\nSo the need to emphasize environmental protection while developing the economy is heard everywhere.\nSmog especially is a common concern. Like a popular online post said, air may be the only thing that is equal for everyone, despite your income or vocation. People with higher incomes are able to drink only bottled spring water and eat only organic food by paying higher prices, but they breathe the same air as everyone else.\nAt a meeting on Monday, many Representatives have expressed their concerns about the air quality, too. One talked about his experience in Beijing. \"After taking a taxi from the capital airport to my hotel, which took about an hour, I washed my nose and found the inside of my nose was black. We should ask ourselves this question: Why do we want to develop? It's for living a better life. Dirty air is definitely not a better life,\" he said.\nChina needs to develop its economy and invest  in high-tech. Every Chinese wants a strong country. But without blue sky, clean water and safe food, the achievements in the economy will become meaningless. Space technologies are not to be developed for building a base on Mars so that one day all human beings can migrate to the red planet because _ have destroyed Earth.\nWhat the public wants is a strong and beautiful China. Former president Hu Jintao spoke at the 18th Party Congress last November saying that great efforts must be made to promote ecological progress and build a beautiful China. The words have shown the central government's resolution to address the environment issue.", "id": "high4294.txt"}