{"answers": ["D", "C", "D"], "options": [["Ways to protect our planet.", "Solutions to climate change.", "Be prepared for climate change.", "Climate change and its effects."], ["To show the damage earthquakes caused.", "To remind people to prevent future earthquakes.", "To show major changes are taking place on the planet.", "To tell us more earthquakes will happen in the future."], ["Animals and plants won't die out as long as climate changes slowly.", "There's enough data for us to predict the future of climate change.", "The world is getting more unstable because of animal migration.", "The earth is not the only planet that is experiencing climate change."]], "questions": ["Which of the following would be the best title for the Passage ?", "What is the author's purpose in using the examples of earthquakes?", "What can be inferred from the Passage?"], "article": "Based on new analysis, we are rapidly approaching major climate change and the effects on society and the environment could be quite severe. Geographers predict that within the next eighty years, current world climate zones could shift and some could completely disappear. Polar regions will get colder while tropical regions will get even hotter, forcing animals to migrate    north.\nClimate changes like these could lead to the spread of diseases. Tropical storms and hurricanes will not only increase but may also become more intense. If the changes come too quickly, animal and plant species may not be able to adapt fast enough and could disappear.\nAccording to Science Daily, a new study predicts that by the year 2100, many of today's familiar climates will be replaced by climates unknown in today's world. It is urgent that we reduce the risks of these far-reaching consequences for the whole world. The planet itself has been showing signs of change. In 2004, a serious tsunami created by a major earthquake killed thousands in Sumatra and in 2008, thousands died in China because of another severe earthquake. Egypt was hit in 2009 with a major earthquake and Haiti was _ in 2010 by yet another massive earthquake.\nWithin just the last few months, new reports from around the world have been coming in and most agree that our climate situation is much worse than previously thought. At this point, it doesn't matter what is causing it, but rather, what can be done about it. What's more, our world is getting more and more unstable every year. There is war and threat of war everywhere. Natural disasters are becoming more frequent and serious.\nHowever, other planets are experiencing global warming as well as our own and some scientists believe there may be some connection between this. No one knows anything for sure at this point because there is simply not enough data.", "id": "high4304.txt"}