{"answers": ["B", "A", "D"], "options": [["Confucius thought we should learn from strengths of others.", "Only from those who have more knowledge than us can we learn.", "It is by reflecting on the lessons learnt by others that we can improve ourselves.", "Reflecting upon other people's strengths and shortcomings can help us make fewer mistakes."], ["a magazine about life", "a book about travel", "an advertisement", "a research report"], ["How to improve oneself.", "How to use the shortcomings of others to reflect upon ourselves.", "How to reduce the mistakes in one's life.", "How to learn from other people's strengths and shortcomings."]], "questions": ["According to the passage, which of the following is NOT true?", "The passage is probably taken from   _  .", "What does this passage mainly talk about?"], "article": "Confucius said, \"In a group of three people, there is always something I can learn. Choose to follow the strengths of others, and use their shortcomings to reflect upon ourselves.\"\nAs you can see from what Confucius said, everyone that we come across can teach us something useful. As long as we reflect on the lessons learnt from and by other people, we can continuously improve ourselves. But take note that when you reflect on these lessons, you apply some wisdom to each lesson because each situation is unique although they share some common principles.\nWe can learn a lot from everyone. We always tend to think that we can only learn from those who are higher in status or have more knowledge than us, but that is not really the case. We learn from those who are lower in status than us as well, because the experience and knowledge of each person is very different.\nThe best thing about _ learning, reflecting other people's strengths and shortcomings onto ourselves, is that we do not pay for the mistakes that are made. The only cost to us is the time that is needed to learn about and reflect on these lessons from other people's lives.\nAs we all know, some mistakes can be ones which people cannot afford to make, for instance, a broken friendship or a financial loss. Thus constantly using other people's strengths and shortcomings to reflect upon ourselves makes us realize the costs of these mistakes and reduces the possibility that we will make similar mistakes.\nWhat can we do now to learn from others? By keeping our eyes and ears open. Be observant and able to realize what strengths and shortcomings other people have. A lot of people in this world like to complain about their lives. Listen to them and make you own assessment and from your own assessment, reflect upon your life and make improvements where necessary.", "id": "high4323.txt"}