{"answers": ["A", "D", "B", "C"], "options": [["New royal baby named George Alexander Louis", "The royal couple gave birth to their eldest son.", "The choice of name was interesting and complicated .", "The new baby, third in line to the throne ."], ["Catherine", "George.", "Charles", "William"], ["Prince Charles was the third heir to the British throne.", "George Alexander Louis was the third heir to the British throne.", "The announcement of the new loyal baby's name is slow by royal standards.", "All three names , George Alexander Louis, were unpopular with British bookmakers."], ["the name of an ordinary person is simple but meaningful .", "George itself can't be simplified in any obvious offensive way.", "a monarch or a prince has usually more names in the middle than the ordinary people.", "a person with more middle names must be a monarch or a prince ."]], "questions": ["Which of the following statements can best sum up the passage ?", "From the passage we can know the father of the new royal baby is   _  .", "Which of the following is True based on the whole passage  ?", "From what Suzannah Lipscomb told Sky News , we can infer in Britain   _"], "article": "Prince William and the Duchess of Cambridge's new son will be named George Alexander Louis, the royal family says. A statement from William and Catherine's settlement  Kensington Palace said the baby, third in line to the throne , would be known as His Royal Highness Prince George of Cambridge.\nOn Wednesday the royal couple took their son to Catherine's parents' house in Berkshire, following a half-hour visit by the Queen. All three names had been among the favourites listed by British bookmakers and the announcement was relatively quick by royal standards. It took a month for the name ofPrince Charles, the heir to the throne, to be announced, and a week for William, his eldest son.\nGeorge has been the name of six British kings. The last, George VI, was the father of Queen Elizabeth II and _ from 1936 to 1952. Alexandra, the female form of Alexander, is one of the Queen's middle names and was also the name of the Queen mate of King Edward VII at the start of the last century. Louis is one of William's middle names and was the given name of Prince Charles's tutor and great-uncle Louis Mountbatten, who was murdered by the IRA in 1979.\nThe choice of name, relatively short by royal standards, does not necessarily mean the baby will eventually become King George VII. The Queen's father was named Albert, but chose to be crowned as George VI.\n\"It's interesting that they chose to go with just three names,\" historian Suzannah Lipscomb told Sky News. \"It's almost as if the royal family is coming down with ordinary people, who tend to have fewer middle names than monarchs .It is a name that none can find any problems with. George itself can't be shortened in any obvious offensive way. They've probably gone for something that is safe.\"", "id": "high4325.txt"}