{"answers": ["B", "C", "D", "A", "A"], "options": [["loss to both the military forces and the ordinary citizens in the U.S.", "a large variety of losses among the American people", "greater loss to the American government than the citizens", "less loss in the economy of the U.S. than the American ideals"], ["some people were jealous of the richness of the United States", "the development of globalization frightened those who were conservative", "everything evil might be thought to have something to do with the U.S.", "the United States was considered the most evil country all over the world"], ["will be successful very soon", "cannot make any sense to the matter", "is really hard to some extent", "will prove justifiable and necessary"], ["It will bring the expansion of the world's economy.", "The poor will become rich overnight if it is realized.", "Nations will be too friendly to start a war against each other.", "The borders between the nations will be abandoned soon."], ["Economical factors are of great importance in international affairs.", "The event on Sept. 11 has slowed down the process of globalization.", "Military forces are necessary in the course of the development of economy.", "The progress of globalization depends on the recovery of American economy."]], "questions": ["The attack on Sept. 11 caused   _  .", "The unseen enemy launched the attack because   _  .", "According to the writer, a military response   _  .", "What benefit will the globalization be of?", "What does the passage mainly talk about?"], "article": "On Sept. 11, an unseen enemy launched an attack on economic, military and governmental\nLandmarks  of the United States.\nBeyond the tremendous  loss of innocent lives and physical property, the attack was clearly aimed at the ideals of America--our values and the economic system that has made the U.S. economy the envy of the world.\nThose responsible for these acts portray the United States as the embodiment of all that is evil\nWith globalization and the worldwide economy it has spawned. They use the failures of globalization as an excuse to exploit their millions of constituents in the underdeveloped world.\nSometime soon, the U.S. military will strike back against those who it is determined have committed these acts. A military response is appropriate - some would say overdue . But even if the military objective is achieved, that alone will not get to the heart of the matter.\nIt is crucial that the U.S. economy return to full speed ahead and continue to be the driving force behind expansion of the global economy.\nGlobalization, or at least the present phase of it, generally is viewed as having started with the end of the Cold War in 1989. And for all its shortcomings, the free flow of goods, services, capital and labor across the borders of the world's trading nations -- the process that has come to be called globalization--still offers the best chance to fulfill the dreams of so many of the world's poor.", "id": "high4329.txt"}