{"answers": ["C", "B"], "options": [["Piranhas are the most dangerous animals.", "Piranhas like to live in the deep seabed.", "Piranhas may attack human beings when the water level is low.", "Piranhas only attack human beings when they cross the river in groups."], ["It often uses its poison to kill its victim.", "It often uses its strength to kill its victim.", "It kills its victim mainly using its powerful teeth.", "It kills its victim with the help of other snakes."]], "questions": ["What can we learn about piranhas from the passage?", "How does an anaconda kill its victim according to the passage?"], "article": "When you travel in South America, you'd better pay attention to the following three kinds of dangerous South American animals.\nPiranhas \nAlthough only a small number of piranhas are considered to be dangerous to humans, the red-bellied piranha is definitely one of those. Evidence has shown that a large group of piranhas can absolutely eat a herd of large animals crossing the river, leaving only bones. This fish lives in the freshwater streams of South America, and they can smell the blood from far away and launch attacks swiftly. It is said that they are only dangerous to humans if the water volumes are less and lower.\nAnacondas \nThis South American monster of a creature often appears in the films or your nightmares!They have weighed over 230 kilograms. It is often considered to be the biggest snake in the world. You certainly don't want to get caught alone with this snake due to its method of attacking and killing its victim. It is indeed a remarkably different brand of snake type as it regularly coils around all over its target, increasing the pressure until eventually its victim dies. Its jaws are powered by large muscles that produce enough power for its over 100 sharp teeth to pass through the thick skin of an crocodile. They don't have poison. Sometimes they prefer to camouflage themselves so they look like their surroundings and swiftly draw back when humans are near.\nGolden Poisonous Frogs\nThe golden poison frog might be the most-deadly of the South American animal, which is protected by means of poison. This very small frog, less than 55 mm in length, packs enough punch to take down a pair of African bull elephants. This apparently harmless frog has always been known to have killed people who have touched it directly. It's also been noted that chicken and dogs have died by contacting things on which a golden poison frog had wandered! In intense colors, they normally look attractive to their targets.", "id": "high4332.txt"}