{"answers": ["C", "D", "A", "B"], "options": [["Dust from the road is making the water dirtier.", "There are too many taps accessing the water.", "The population of the area is growing fast.", "The coming summer will dry up rivers and lakes."], ["There are no fast-food restaurants in the country.", "Laos has a variety of tourist attractions.", "Information on the Internet is freely accessible.", "The government owns all local media."], ["The lack of local skilled workers.", "A poor transportation system.", "Too much foreign aid.", "Too many foreign workers."], ["Laos: slow-developing nations", "Laos: small steps forward", "Laos: least-developed land", "Laos: landlocked country"]], "questions": ["What is putting pressure on the local supply of clean water?", "According to the passage, which of the following is NOT a reason for Laos to be hopeful?", "What is the most serious limitation on Laos' economic growth?", "What is the best title for the passage?"], "article": "As you climb into the hill country, the roads get dustier and rougher, and fewer cars can be seen. Phonxay is one of the poorest districts of Laos, and many of its villages are only accessible by footpath. Our destination this hot morning is a concrete water tank that can be found just off the road. A UK organization helped to build it six years ago, and in the nearby village of Thapho, where clean drinking water is scarce, it has made a big difference. The tank feeds six taps which in turn give water to over 800 people---it has improved things for almost every family, from schoolchildren to grannies.\nBut lately, we were told, the clean water supply has come under pressure from new arrivals, people who have come down from the hill areas, and there are concerns that there will not be enough clean water to go round.\nThere are also serious worries about resources in Laos. The Chinese are building a 400km railway link, which could transform the landlocked country. About 150,000 Chinese workers will be involved. What will this do to local clean water supplies? How will the workers be fed?\nThe vast majority of Laotians live on farms. But with foreign investors wanting to buy up land, local people will have to be moved to make room for them. Heavily dependent on both foreign aid and foreign investment, Laos still falls well behind its neighbours, although its economy has grown at about 6% a year in the last decade. Its biggest economic problem is the lack of locally trained skilled workforce.\nBut there are reasons to be hopeful for the future. Laos is beautiful, and foreign tourism continues to grow: fortunately so far the fast-food chains and coffee bars common elsewhere are nowhere to be seen. Although all local media are government-run, the Internet is not controlled and the BBC and CNN are available to those with satellite dishes.\nThe government has also achieved impressive results in rural development, with communities benefiting not just from cleaner water but the construction of new schools and regular visits from medical teams. Poverty will not be history in Laos within the next decade, but with small steps forward and a bit of outside help, the country could find itself out of the UN's least-developed category by 2020.", "id": "high4333.txt"}