{"answers": ["B", "D", "C"], "options": [["By taking an indirect way.", "By gaining aid from a friend.", "By taking forbidden drugs.", "By selling fake products."], ["explain why people in almost every field cheat", "complain about cheats in school education", "persuade young people not to cheat in exams", "blame the society for tolerating cheats"], ["Exams are not a good way of testing children.", "Children are natural cheats.", "If adults cheat, children will cheat too.", "Everyone including children cheats."]], "questions": ["According to the passage, in which way can a game show player cheat?", "The writer's suppose for writing this passage is to  _  .", "Which of the following is the main idea of the passage?"], "article": "Everybody cheats. Whether it's the taxi driver who tricks a visitor and takes them the long way round, or the shop assistant who doesn't give the correct change, or the police officer who accepts a bribe   - everybody's at it. Cheats in the nest include the scientist whose research was based on fake data, the game show competitors who worked with a friend in the audience or win a million pounds, and the doctor who made up his qualifications and wasn't really a doctor at all. Everybody cheats; nobody's playing the game.\nIs cheating acceptable, a natural way of surviving and being successful? Or is it something that should _ , and young people discouraged from doing? If it's the latter how can we explain to children why so many bend the rules?\nTake sport for example. The Word Cup was filled with cheating. Whether diving, pretending to be hurt or denying a handball, footballers will do anything for a free - kick or a penalty shot. France striker Henry denied cheating to win the free - kick which led to his side's second goal in their 3 - 1 victory over Spain. Many footballers, however, are often putting it on. Whatever the nationality there's one common ploy: the player rolls over holding their leg, ankle or head seeming to be in great pain. As a result a yellow card and / or free - kick is given for the foul and then, a few seconds later, the player is up and about as if nothing had happened ! The ref   may be taken in by it but youngsters watching the game aren't. they also see their heroes getting away with it.\nOf course it's not just football. In 1998 the Tour de France, the world's greatest cycling event, was hit by a drug - taking scandal  . The 40 bottles of forbidden drugs found with the Fustian team caused a massive investigation that almost caused the Tour to be abandoned. One rider, Veronique, was banned for 9 months. He claimed: \"You have cheats in sport, just as you do in business - there will always be people trying to take a short cut. At least we're not turning a blind eye to the problem, which other sports are.\"\nIs it all unavoidable? There's huge pressure on all athletes to perform for their fans and for their sponsors. It's success, money and power that rule professional sport rather than an honest at tempt to do the best one can.\nMeanwhile companies around the world are losing billions of dollars to fake products. From cut price CDs and DVDs to sportswear, cheap fake products are everywhere. It has become socially acceptable to buy fake Gucci bags and illegal copies of films. If parents are doing this, their children will follow.\nSo perhaps it's not surprising that around the world more pupils than ever are caught cheating during exams. In one case missing exam papers were put up for sale on the Internet. In another, widespread cheating took place by pupils using their mobile phones to receive tested answers. They blame the pressure put on them to do well in exams. It doesn't help that their role models are also cheats. Surely we can't complain when we're setting such a bad example.", "id": "high4346.txt"}