{"answers": ["C", "D", "A"], "options": [["ShehadtoseethedoctoronFriday.", "Shewantedtocelebrateherdaughter'sbirthday.", "ShehadanunexpectedappointmentonTuesday.", "Sheneededtoprepareforherdaughter'sbirthday."], ["Shewasalearned careerwoman.", "Shehaduneasyrelationshipswithherassistants.", "SheknewCindy'slovestorybeforethesurpriseparty.", "Sheplayedthemostimportantroleinthiscircleoflove."], ["She had to work on her birthday.", "She had little money in her bank account.", "She was greatly moved by Mary's care and kindness.", "She and her boyfriend parted that very morning."]], "questions": ["Why did Charlene ask a favor of the writer?", "What can we learn about Mary?", "Which of the following couldn't be the reason why Cindy cried?"], "article": "Recently I fully understood that a little favor could really make a big difference. My daughter and I were, accidentally, in time to catch a falling heart just before it hit the ground.\nIt all started when Charlene, one of my co-volunteers at the library, asked if I could do her duty on Tuesday since her doctor appointment had been unexpectedly changed. I agreed, which meant I  was home on Friday instead of volunteering as previously planned.\nMy daughter, Mary, managers a book store in town. Mid-morning, she called to ask me for help. Would I buy a fifty dollar gift card, birthday card, and cake for one of Mary's assistant managers, Cindy?\nMary explained she had to call Cindy in to take the place of another assistant manager who was sick, but felt terrible about it when she discovered it was Cindy's birthday. Cindy insisted that it was just fine. But that was not what Mary thought, so she gathered enough money from other employees to throw a surprise party for Cindy. Since neither Mary, nor any of the other employees, could leave to pick up the _ , they were turning to me for help. Days later, Mary told me the wonderful rest of the story, \"Cindy cried and cried when we surprised her. After the party, Cindy told us that her boyfriend had chosen that morning to break up with her. To top that off, she only had 26 cents left in her bank account.\"\nWe were surprised at the series of unexpected events that took place in order to circle Cindy with love and catch her falling heart just before it hit the ground.", "id": "high4349.txt"}