{"answers": ["A", "C", "C", "D"], "options": [["One who plays with great passion.", "One who plays unique music.", "One who plays creatively.", "One who has a sense of vision."], ["watch classical music competitions", "assign the silent videos", "pick out the best three competitors", "decide who the winner is"], ["Her love for music.", "Her desire to explore.", "Her experience as a competitor.", "Her curiosity in musical education."], ["A text book.", "A sports magazine.", "A story book.", "A science website."]], "questions": ["According to the study, who would most probably win a piano competition?", "The participates in the study were asked to  _  .", "What probably led Dr Tsay to carry out the study?", "Where does this text probably come from?"], "article": "A research found that people shown silent videos of piano competitions could pick out the winners more often than those who could also hear the music. It underlines the importance of our sense of vision, say scientists. Their study concludes that the best predictor of a winner's musical performance was the visible passion they displayed, followed closely by their uniqueness and creativity.\nChia-Jung Tsay, from University College London, UK, is the study's author and herself a concert pianist. She was interested in how music was judged and found that even professional musicians were unaware of how much they were using visual information over sound. \"For the last two decades, I've taken part in various competitions. Through this experience, I found that depending on what type of evaluations were used, the results might vary widely. This led me to wonder about how much visual information really affects these important decisions,\" she explained.\nMore than 1,000 participants in the study were given samples of either audio, silent video or video with sound, and asked to rate the top three finalists from 10 international classical music competitions. The actual competition winners were only correctly identified by those who were randomly assigned  the silent videos.\nDr Tasy said the findings were quite surprising, especially because both trained musicians and those without training had stated that sound was most important for their evaluation. \"Regardless of levels of expertise, we still seem to be led primarily by visual information, even in this field of music,\" she said. \"Classical music training is often focused on improving the quality of the sound, but this research is about getting to the bottom of what is really being evaluated at the highest levels of competitive performance. She added, \"We must be more mindful of our inclination  to depend on visual information at the expense of the content that we actually value as more relevant to our decisions.\"", "id": "high4350.txt"}