{"answers": ["A", "D", "C", "B"], "options": [["starts a revolution of an industry", "ruins an industry dramatically", "puts itself in an unbeatable position", "is soon overtaken by imitated products"], ["Apple is not a successful company", "they have no access to relevant resources", "it's hard to find a magician like Steve Jobs", "being Apple takes more than time and efforts"], ["other companies are dedicated to integration", "Apple itself is fully aware of its unique advantages", "Apple will hold the leading position in this industry", "other companies don't have a great team as Apple does"], ["Doubtful", "Acceptable", "Unbelievable", "Disappointing"]], "questions": ["When a new product of Apple comes out, often it   _  .", "According to the passage, other companies don't \"copy being Apple\" because   _  .", "We can infer from Para.5 that   _  .", "What does the author think of Tim Cook's statement?"], "article": "Why Doesn't Anybody Copy Apple?\nApple's products are the envy of the world. They have been spectacularly successful and are widely imitated, if not copied. The minute Apple crystallizes a product, everyone knows how to compete. This idea that the basis of competition is set by Apple and then the race is on to climb the path of improvement is unquestionable. When Apple releases a product that defines a category or dramatically changes the structure of an industry, it becomes obvious what needs to be built. But what I wonder is why everyone wants to copy Apple's products but nobody wants to copy being Apple?\nI can think of two reasons. Firstly, Apple is not worth copying because it's not successful; secondly, Apple's success cannot be copied because it is a magical process.\nThere is a great deal of evidence for the first hypothesis. The idea of Apple being successful is not something reflected in its stock price. Being valued lower than the average company in the S&P 500 indicates that to whatever degree Apple was successful in the past, it's not seen by the vast majority of observers as successful in the future. Why should one bother copying Apple if it results in being punished with a low valuation? If one works really hard at innovation and then that innovation becomes commoditized very quickly, why should one bother?\nWhen innovation practitioners are asked what makes Apple successful,the answers regarding the cause of this success border on the mythical.The climax of this hypothesis is the \"chief-sorcerer\"theory of success which places one magician,like Steve Jobs,in charge of casting all the right spells \nWhat about Apple's own opinion of what makes it tick? Tim Cook refers to a great team and integration of hardware, software and services as unique Apple advantages. It's a better explanation. Integration is something that can take a long time, but it is possible with great effort. A few companies are starting to make moves in that direction, but efforts are half-hearted. There is no \"move the Earth\" panic to become an integrated company from Samsung, Google or Microsoft.\nMy own suspicion is that Apple is more aware of what makes it special than it lets out. However, as Tim points out, it's not a formula. It's complex, it's subtle, but it's not magic. It's a process that requires a degree of faith and courage.", "id": "high4359.txt"}