{"answers": ["A", "C", "B", "C"], "options": [["started acting and modeling when she was a little girl", "has been acting for about 30 years", "is the daughter of a famous actor", "started singing when she was eight"], ["her hard work", "the help of a technicaldirector", "her experiences as a child star", "her talent and good luck"], ["child stars often take drugs and alcohol", "being a child star may ruin her future", "child stars aren't able to solve their problems", "it is difficult to succeed as a child actor"], ["few child stars will succeed in the future", "there is no way to save the entertainment business", "the author has a different opinion about child stars", "meaningful adulthood only belongs to non-child stars"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, Ms Hunt   _  .", "The author thinks Helen Hunt's success is mainly due to   _  .", "Helen Hunt wouldn't allow her daughter to become a child star because she thinks   _  .", "From the passage we can conclude that   _  ."], "article": "I wasn't surprised when I read that actress Helen Hunt recently stated that she would never allow her young daughter to become a child star. Ms Hunt is the daughter of a Hollywood technical director, and grew up in Hollywood. Now in her late 40s, she started acting and modeling when she was eight and has probably seen a lot over those years in show business.\nShe has had a successful career. She earned four Golden Globes and four Emmys. She also attained the top honor of her profession when she won the Best Actress Academy Award for her role in the 1992 movie, As Good As It Gets. Given those _ , Ms Hunt is successful. There is no doubt that her early experiences as a child star prepared her for what has been an outstanding adult career. Given those achievements, why would this star declare she'll never allow her daughter, now at the age of six, to follow in her footsteps?\nEveryone familiar with the entertainment scene is aware of the reasons for her attitude. Recent tabloid   news headlines featuring the troubles of former child stars, among them Lindsay Lohan, Britney Spears and the late Gary Coleman, may answer the question. Although Ms Hunt managed to become a successful grown-up star, she apparently believes she's an exception.\nWhat Ms Hunt may be suggesting is that many very young stars go through unnatural childhoods on movie and TV sets. While they're earning big incomes, they're so pampered   by directors and praised by fans; they may get false impressions that their lives will always be that way. Then, within a few years, when faced with reality, they're hurt and confused. After all the overwhelming affection, they find they can't deal with the problems. That's often when drugs and alcohol take over their lives.\nHelen Hunt has some other reasons why she doesn't want her daughter to be in the entertainment business. Many child stars can never make a successful transition to meaningful adulthood. However, as with many Hollywood movies, I believe there are both good and bad scenes about how it can be played out in real life.", "id": "high4361.txt"}