{"answers": ["C", "A", "C", "B", "D"], "options": [["Keyboarding.", "Shorthand", "Handwriting.", "Block letters."], ["prove how valuable handwriting is", "explain what a famous poet he is", "show how unique his poem is", "stress how fascinating the documents are"], ["the schools are responsible for the loss of handwriting", "the loss of handwriting is a cognitive opportunity missed xKb 1.Com", "it doesn't take much to teach better handwriting skills", "the culture is turning from the written word to the typed one"], ["Kindergarten.", "Primary school.", "High school.", "College."], ["Devotion.", "Encouragement.", "critical.", "Objective."]], "questions": ["What is the author concerned about after 2011 SAT exams?", "A poem by Robert mentioned in the passage is used to   _  .", "The example of Handwriting Without Tears helps to argue that  _  .", "According to the author, when is a perfect time to learn handwriting?", "What is the author's attitude towards this debate?"], "article": "The computer keyboard helped kill shorthand---a system of rapid handwriting, and now it's threatening to finish off handwriting as a whole. When handwritten essays were introduced on the SAT exams for the class of 2011, just 15% of the most 1.5 million students wrote their answers in cursive  .The rest? Block letters.\nAnd those college hopefuls are just the first edge of a wave of US students who no longer get much handwriting instructions in the primary grades, frequently 10 minutes a day or less. As a result, more and more students struggle to read and write cursive.\nAt Keene Mill Elementary School in Springfield, all their poems and stories are typed. Children in Fairfax County schools are taught keyboarding beginning in kindergarten. Older students who never mastered handwriting say it doesn't affect their grades.\nThere are those who say the culture is at a crossing, turning from the written word to the typed one. If handwriting becomes a lost form of communication, does it matter?\nIt was at University of Virginia that researchers recently discovered a previously unknown poem by Robert, written in his unique script. Handwritten documents are more valuable to researchers, historians say, because their authenticity  can be confirmed. Students also find them more fascinating.\nThe loss of handwriting also may be a cognitive  opportunity missed. Several academic studies have found that good handwriting skills at a young age can help children express their thoughts better-a lifelong benefit.\nIt doesn't take much to teach better handwriting skills. At some schools in Prince George's County, elementary school students use a program called Handwriting Without Tears for 15 minutes a day. They learn the correct formation of manuscript letters through second grade, and cursive letters in third grade.\nThere are always going to be some kids who struggle with handwriting because of their particular neurological  wiring, learning issues or poor motor skills. Educators often point to this factor in support of keyboarding.", "id": "high4366.txt"}