{"answers": ["B", "C", "B", "D"], "options": [["Online games can be harmful to kids.", "Online games can be helpful to kids.", "Kids like to play games online.", "Parents are worried about their kids."], ["they have trouble operating the computer", "phonetics and spelling are useless", "staying in the classroom is boring", "mathematical problems are difficult"], ["The kid's expense.", "The kid's interest.", "The kid's level.", "The kid's ability."], ["help parents keep an eye on their kids", "make it easier to solve mathematical problems", "establish closer relationship between parents and kids", "leave kids comfortable at home"]], "questions": ["What is the main idea of this text?", "Kids don't like to learn knowledge probably because  _  .", "What should the makers mainly consider while designing the computer games?", "One of the advantages of online games is that they can  _  ."], "article": "Online educational learning games is an effective way with endless option  for teaching kids of all age groups, and children are also able to operate it without much assistance. Parents find it easier to teach kids through these programs, who become familiar with operating the computer.\nKids have fun learning phonetics, spelling and even a new language. Children are not willing to learn math tables or difficult words at school. They find it fun to sit in front of a computer and learn language and solve mathematical problems. In this age of computers, computers are becoming an important part of the child's daily curriculum with parents opting to teach these children new things each day with the help of online educational games.\nComputers are also known to improve the motor skills in children. In addition, the level of these games can be adjusted according to the level and learning ability of the kids. The makers of the games keep the kids' interest in mind while designing them so that their interest is maintained. Another advantage of these games is that you can find free online games and do not have to invest in these expensive products. Other activities that are available on the internet include online coloring games. This is also a constructive way that children can use to pass their leisure time.\nAnother advantage is that the children can lay in the comfort of their homes. Kids who are fond of playing on the computer can spend their time learning educational material instead on video games that teach violence.\nParents have to keep an eye on their kids and make sure that they do not spend their time on the computer playing games that could be harmful for them. It is essential to direct the kids to educational sites that have beneficial games and are known to help the progress of these children.", "id": "high4373.txt"}