{"answers": ["A", "C", "D"], "options": [["sub-Saharan countries need to increase wheat production badly", "sub-Saharan countries have to issue more money", "sub-Saharan countries should grow more Corn", "importing much wheat is urgent"], ["Because the number ofhungry people there is increasing.", "Because higher income people have the diversified need of food.", "Because male labor are crowding into the cities.", "Because the wheat price is lower."], ["climate change and disease", "resistant crops and climate change", "rising temperatures and disease and pests", "disease and pests and inconvenient transportation"]], "questions": ["Wheat price exploding indicates  _  .", "Why is there a higher demand for wheat in sub-Saharan Africa?", "According to Mr. Braun the main challenges for growing more wheat in Africa are  _  ."], "article": "Agricultural experts met in Ethiopia last week to discuss ways to help sub-Saharan Africa become a major producer of wheat. The area traditionally produced little wheat, while North Africa was the grain basket.\nWheat production fell sharply in sub-Saharan countries during the 1980s. In the 1960s, attempts were made to grow wheat in sub-Saharan Africa, including South Africa and Zimbabwe. But those countries found it was less costly to import wheat from Europe and the United States. Another problem is that Africa's wheat farms were often far from population centers. There also were transportation issues. And some lowlands were not a good place to grow wheat.\nHans Joachim Braun,one of the experts, says now is a good time to increase wheat production. In the last four years we have seen three major price hikes, where the wheat price and other staple process  exploded. And that puts a big, big bill on countries which are depending on wheat imports, and Africa is the biggest wheat importer.\nHe also says demand for wheat in sub-Saharan Africa is growing faster than for any other crop. With higher income people would like to have more diversified food. But that is possible not the most important one. The most important one is that there is a tremendous migration of in particular male labor to the cities. And wheat products are convenient food because you can easily buy it. It's easy to process and you also can store it for a few days, which is different from some of the maize and rice products.\nThere are three possible challenges for growing more wheat in Africa: climate change, disease and pests, like insects. Mr. Braun says rising temperatures should not have a major effect on wheat. In fact, he says, it could help wheat grow in areas with high rainfall totals. As for fighting disease and pests, experts suggest growing more resistant crops. In addition, railroads and roads would have to be improved so large amounts of wheat could be moved to large markets.", "id": "high4375.txt"}