{"answers": ["C", "D", "D"], "options": [["the Japanese government has bought the Diaoyu Islands from the Liyuans", "two Japanese naval ships sailed in the Chinese sea around the Diaoyu Islands", "the Japanese kept the captain of a fishing boat from returning for questioning", "a fishing boat collided with two Japanese naval ships by design in the Japanese sea"], ["It is the two Japanese naval ships that are to blame for the conflict.", "It is the Chinese captain of a fishing boat that is to blame for the conflict.", "It is the U.S. that will honor its treaty with Japan over a few barren rocks.", "It is China that has a better claim to the islands because of its navigational records."], ["The claim from both sides has become more insistent.", "Japan has navy and ability to power the Diaoyu Islands.", "China is developing so quickly that it will declare a war on Japan.", "The dispute between China and Japan has put the U.S. in a dilemma."]], "questions": ["The latest conflict referred to in the passage occurred because   _  .", "Which of the following is the author's personal idea?", "What can be inferred according to the passage?"], "article": "Tensions have erupted over some barren rocks in the Pacific that you may never have heard of, but stay tuned--this is a boundary dispute  that could get ugly and some day have far-reaching consequences for China, Japan, Taiwan and the United States.\nThe islands in dispute are called the Senkaku chain by Japan, the Diaoyu islands by China, and the Diaoyutai by Taiwan. All three claim the islands, which are really just five small islands and three barren rocks northeast of Taiwan, 200 miles off the Chinese coast.\nThe latest conflict occurred when a Chinese fishing boat collided  with two Japanese naval ships trying to stop it near the islands. The Japanese prevented the Chinese captain from leaving the place for questioning and the two countries have been exchanging angry protests.\nThe reason to worry is that nationalists in both China and Taiwan see the islands as unquestionably theirs and think that their government has been weak in claiming this authority.\nSo far, wiser heads have generally won the argument on each side, but at some point a weakened Chinese leader might try to gain the legal right with the public by pushing the issue and recovering the islands. It would be a dangerous game and would have a disastrous impact on China-Japan relations, but if successful it would raise the popularity of the Chinese government.\nIn reality, of course, there is zero chance that the U.S. will honor its treaty  with Japan over a few barren rocks. We're not going to risk a nuclear conflict with China over some islands that may well be China's. But if we don't help, our security relationship with Japan will be at the breaking point.\nSo which country has a better claim to the islands? My feeling is that it's China, although the answer isn't clear-cut. Chinese navigational records show the islands as Chinese for many centuries, and a 1783 Japanese map shows them as Chinese as well. Japan _ to \"discover\" the islands only in 1884 and took control of them by force only in 1895 when it also grabbed Taiwan.\nThe best approach would be for China and Japan to agree to refer the dispute to the International Court of Justice, but realistically that won't happen. And since some believe that the area is rich with oil and gas reserves, the claims from each side have become more insistent.\nAs Chinese nationalism grows, as China's navy and ability to project power in the ocean gains, we could see some military conflicts over the islands.\nTaken from NewYork Times", "id": "high4377.txt"}