{"answers": ["B", "C", "D"], "options": [["the educational system has not changed by now", "people can afford books or get books easily in libraries", "different economic challenges happen across the world", "the price of textbooks is much higher than that of nowadays"], ["One can save a great deal of time in browsing for better deals online", "It brings convenience to all the users apart from saving money and time", "The process saves other resources if you don't go to the nearest bookstore", "It saves one money and helps him spend money on what he need most in college"], ["renting textbooks allows you to save a lot of money", "renting a textbook can also save you a great deal of time", "textbook renting was a relatively new fashion among college students", "textbook renting is a money-saving, fun, and, convenient way for college students"]], "questions": ["The reason why people haven't the habit of renting textbooks in the old days is that   _  .", "The following statements are the reasons why textbook renting is now a new fashion among college students EXCEPT   _  .", "The passage mainly tells us that   _  ."], "article": "Why Rent Textbooks?\nRenting textbooks is a relatively new idea for everyone. Back in the old days, the idea of renting one never existed since the books are affordable or readily available in libraries. But the time has changed and with the changes in educational system and various economic challenges happening across the globe, the price of textbooks increased.\nGiven such fact, textbook renting is now a new fashion among college students. Research was made to find out if renting helps one save money and time rather than buying new textbooks and realized that it really is. Let's examine carefully further and see why renting books is a cost-effective way to still get to have your textbooks without _ too much money from your pocket.\nGives value for your money\nYou don't have to buy all of your textbooks. Those non-major subjects, are better acquired through renting. It saves one money and helps you give out the money you save on some other personal possessions you need in college.\nRenting textbooks allows you to save at least 50% off the standard retail   price for each item. You can tell, with a little research, that renting is a lot cheaper compared to buying used books aside from looking way better than the former.\nSaves time\nYou can save a great deal of time when renting a textbook. Instead of browsing your way for hours trying to look for better deals online, you can simply go to a popular book renting marketplace online and just order away. There is literally no need to skimming for hours and see where you can find a great deal. Often, the rental company gives you prepaid postage slip just to get you going and do the same when you decide to return the book.\nThis process not only saves you time, it also saves other resources like gas if you decide to go to the nearest bookstore to buy books or spend hours using electricity just to find a good deal.\nUser Friendly\nAside from being able to save money and time, renting textbooks brings convenience to all users. Imagine trying to scan the virtual bookshelf and checking on comments of previous users and figuring out which ones got bad comments and which had great ones. It could be fun at first but if you are short of time, the process can become annoying.\nIf you rent books, you will only be needing the book's ISBN number and find it right away. No more time-wasting site search. Type in the ISBN number, order the book, and wait for it to get shipped to your home.", "id": "high439.txt"}