{"answers": ["D", "B", "D", "A"], "options": [["teenage girls care too much about their appearance", "loving beauty will necessarily make one disfigured", "we can never judge a person merely by one's looks", "sometimes being beautiful can cost you something"], ["The severe damage to her sight and face weren't recovered.", "The mother wished the writer to face her misfortune bravely.", "From the lesson we conclude that \"once bitten, twice frightened\".", "The severe burns were caused by her mother's lack of first-aid."], ["offering accurate facts", "giving contrast and comparison", "using logical arguments", "representing own experiences"], ["The Price of Vanity", "An Unexpected Ending", "A Disfigured Girl", "Beauty Ruins Everything"]], "questions": ["After the accident, the writer has come to realize that   _  .", "Which of the four statements is a fact?", "The author develops her composition by   _  .", "Which of the following can be the best title?"], "article": "Being beautiful means a lot to teenage girls. Once it did to me too. I was the vainest person in the world, but that all changed one December night.\nIt was a Thursday, and I was getting ready for the wrestling tournament the following day. I was so excited; it was going to be my first tournament as a cheerleader. I walked past the mirror and stopped to check my appearance. I noticed my eyebrows were a little bushy, and that's when my vanity kicked in. The brows could be easily fixed with the waxing kit I had purchased. I put the jar of wax in the microwave. But instead of heating the wax for 30 seconds, I pressed too many zeros and heated it for three minutes. As I reached for the jar, I dropped it, spilling it all over myself.\nMy mother came running when she heard my screams. The hot wax was rolling down my face and arm. My mom took a wet washcloth and tried to wash the wax off my face. This proved to be a bad idea, because the wax was honey based, and it pulled my skin off with the wax.\nThe 15-mile drive to the emergency room seemed to take hours. When we finally arrived, the nurse didn't waste any time. They took me straight to a doctor and gave me extra-strength painkillers, so my mind was in confusion. The doctor explained how severe my burns really were: my arm was a combination of first-, second- and third-degree burns, and needed to stay bandaged. My face was first- and second-degree burns. If the wax had gotten any closer to my right eye, I would have lost my sight. I was covered in multi-colored \"goop \", wrapped, and sent home to recover.\nI got up the next morning and the first thing I wanted to do was wash off the remaining wax. I unwrapped the bandages and \"degooped\", letting warm water gently remove the rest of the wax. The next step was to do a self-evaluation of the damage. I couldn't believe how horrible I looked. A horror-movie monster stared back at me from the mirror. All I could think was, my life is over. For someone as vain as me, this was very true. I thought I was going to be horribly disfigured for the rest of my life! All I could do was cry.\nMy mom made it worse by forcing me to go out in public. She dragged me to the grocery store and wherever else she felt like taking me. Everywhere we went, people had a million questions, none of which I wanted to answer. Then my mom declared she was going to put me through even more torture--I had to go to school on Monday. School only led to more questions from more people.\nNow, two years later, my wounds have healed, leaving a few scars. I still feel self-conscious if I don't wear make-up, and I've discovered that three-quarter length sleeves are wonderful for covering the scars on my arm.\nAfter spending several months adjusting to this injury, I realized how vain I was. _ . It took this event to teach me that no matter how much you change on the outside, you're still the same person on the inside.", "id": "high441.txt"}