{"answers": ["D", "A", "B", "D"], "options": [["last a long time", "be hard to copy", "be interesting to look at", "be done by the president's order"], ["are narrow pieces of plastic", "are pressed outside the bills", "are longer than the width of the bills", "are actually made of cotton and linen"], ["Four", "Five", "Six", "Seven"], ["Because no one wants them.", "Because their material is a bit more expensive.", "Because they aren't used in America any more.", "Because they aren't damaged quickly like other bills."]], "questions": ["During money production, we must consider all EXCEPT that it must  _  .", "We can learn from the passage that the security threads  _  .", "How many presidents are printed on the American money?", "Why are the two-dollar bills not made often?"], "article": "Producing money requires both artistic and technological skills. Dollar bills are made so that they are interesting to look at but very hard to copy. In total, there are sixty-five separate steps required to make a dollar bill.\nThe money making process begins when. a yearly order is sent by the Federal Reserve Board. That order will then be divided in half. Half will be done here in Washington, D. C.and the other half will be done in Fort Worth, Texas. Next, the Bureau orders special paper which is actually cloth since it is 75% cotton and 25% linen.\nThis paper is made so that it can last a long time. And, it is made with details that make it hard to copy. For example, bills contain security threads. These narrow pieces of plastic are inside the paper and run along the width of the bill. This special paper is also made with very small blue and red fibers.\nOnce the money is printed, guillotine cutters separate the sheets into two notes, then into individual notes. The notes are organized in \"bricks,\" each of which contains forty one-hundred-note packages. The bricks then go to one of twelve Federal Reserve Districts, which then give the money to local banks. Ninety-five percent of the bills printed each year are used to replace money that is in circulation, or that has already been removed from circulation.\nYou may know that America's first president, George Washington, is pictured on the one- dollar bill. But do you know whose face is on the two, five, ten, twenty, fifty and one hundred-dollar bills? They are, in order. President Thomas Jefferson, President Abraham Lincoln, Treasury Secretary Alexander Hamilton, President Andrew Jackson, President Ulysses Grant and statesman Benjamin Franklin.\nThe average life span of a one-dollar bill is twenty-one months. But a ten-dollar bill lasts only about eighteen months. The one hundred-dollar bill lasts the longest, eighty-nine months. One popular question is about the two-dollar bill. This bill is not printed very often. This is because many Americans believe two-dollar bills are lucky, so they keep them.", "id": "high4412.txt"}