{"answers": ["C", "C", "B", "A"], "options": [["study modern science and technology", "pass all knowledge to their students", "use non-traditional devices in class", "meet the needs of intelligent student first"], ["Indian education is among the best in the world now", "Indian is becoming more and more powerful now", "the right to education should be valued all over the world", "a lot of students in India are from other countries"], ["It has nothing to do with society", "It helps people to achieve what they want", "It has little effect on people's physical ability", "It makes a poor man become rich"], ["The importance of education", "The responsibility of education", "The development of education", "The purpose of education"]], "questions": ["Nowadays teachers are encouraged to   _  .", "The author uses the example of Indian education to show that  _  .", "What do we know about education from the passage?", "What is the passage mainly about?"], "article": "Education has an important effect on the mind or physical ability of an individual. It is the process by which society passes its accumulated knowledge, skills, and values from one generation to another.\nVarious non-traditional education options are now available and continue to flourish . One of the most important uses in education is the use of technology. Teachers are encouraged to use new technological devices in order to strengthen learning among students and meet the needs of various types of learners.\nThe right to education has been created and recognized by jurisdiction . Education is the most important concern of the government of India. Recently India has gained world recognition because many students from foreign countries come here to gain higher qualifications.\nOne has to be educated in order to speed up the growth process in order to influence the economy. Education is indeed a powerful weapon to stop the cut- throat competition that man faces at every period of life. The importance of education in India is progressing with time. Although India has been a great foundation of learning for many years, it still needs to improve not just on the quality of education but also on the number of people being educated.\nEducation is not just for academic success but also to make a person become a better human being and a better performer in life. Education makes the students able enough, so that they can compete nationally and internationally. To make a student a successful survivor in life, the responsibility lies equally with the schools and the parents too. Selecting a good school is as important as choosing a suitable career option for a child. The goal of education is the advancement of knowledge and the _ of truth, it is education that gives us all the power and necessities of making a difference in any field.\nPeople who are not educated have few opportunities to do what they want to do. Educated people become more responsible and informed citizens, and have a voice in politics and society. It allows people to be more productive by encouraging them to play responsible roles in terms of contributing to society.", "id": "high4413.txt"}