{"answers": ["C", "C", "C"], "options": [["thrilling goals", "the players", "violence", "the fans"], ["has organized groups of passionate fans", "sets up a national team", "has constructed new , modern stadiums", "tries to take a friendly disguise"], ["a news report", "a feature story", "greeting speech", "an advertisement"]], "questions": ["The charm of football includes all except  _  .", "In order to host the World Cup ,Brazil   _", "This passage can be classified as   _"], "article": "There are many dimensions  to football's allure and appeal: top-class moves, thrilling goals, majestic star players, thunderous encounters and passionate fans. Football stirs the emotions all over the globe, brings people from contrasting cultures together, and promotes solid virtues such as fairness, team spirit and tolerance. All these facts will emerge in their most intense form at the 2014 FIFA World Cup in Brazil next summer.\nMillions of people will be transfixed(...)by this unique festival of sport and friendship. We are thoroughly looking forward to football of the highest quality. We're delighted to welcome the biggest names in the sport as well as those nations set to appear at the finals for the first time. And we're looking forward to greeting fans from all over the world as they fill our cities with even more colour and life. A heartfelt welcome to everyone!\nBrazil is a cosmopolitan country with a passion for football. The people will devote themselves to the job of ensuring the 2014 FIFA World Cup is an unforgettable experience, a fact demonstrated by the thousands of ordinary folk who have come forward as volunteers.\nBrazil is well prepared to host the FIFA World Cup. We have finished constructing our new, modern stadiums and an outstanding transportation system. The organization is in the enormously capable hands of the Organizing Committee headed by RonaldoLuiz Nazario de Lima. The slogan \"A time to make friends\" perfectly describes our intention to ensure everyone delighted in a secure and peaceful festival of football.\nThe FIFA World Cup is a unique opportunity for Brazil to present herself as a hospitable, joyful and modern nation bursting with ideas. I am convinced that the flames of passion and togetherness _ by the FIFA World Cup in Brazil will spread to the entire world.\nI'm personally looking forward to a festival of goals, excitement and fair play. We Brazilians will be right behind our national team, but our aim is to act as welcoming hosts and friends to every team and their fans. Passionate and cosmopolitan Brazil is delighted to welcome visitors to the 2014 FIFA World Cup.", "id": "high4415.txt"}