{"answers": ["D", "A"], "options": [["It offers member a good way in which they can get what they need much easily.", "A magazine is published every two months to help you know about the world's hobby.", "It offers collectors great deals on unusual autographs at reasonable prices.", "It offers Internet service to make extra profits."], ["to encourage you to join the UACC", "to tell you how interesting autograph collecting is", "to tell you the fast development of the autograph collecting", "to inform you where you can get an autograph"]], "questions": ["Which of the following about the service offered by the UACC is NOT right?", "This passage is mainly  _"], "article": "The Universal Autograph   Collectors Club(UACC) has been serving the collector for over 25 years. Founded in 1965, the UACC began as a small group of Long Island. New York autograph collectors and has grown to be the largest collector's organization of its kind.\nThe UACC by its purpose is primarily an educational fellowship  where knowledge and resources are shared with not only the membership, but also the public at large. By joining the UACC, you will be introduced to the fastest growing hobby in the world today.\nAutographs have been called \"frozen moment in time\" by some people. Probably the most personal thing that one person can give is his or her signature.\nIn 1843, former President James Madison sent an autograph for a collection which the Princess Victoria was making. The future British Queen was only 15 years old at the time. Financier J.P. Morgan, Sr. began collecting when he was 16, and his son continued adding to the father's collection. As the daughter of the Mayor of Boston, Rose Fitzgerald collected autographs, as did her son, John F. Kennedy. Franklin Roosevelt, Malcolm Forbes and Glenn Ford are a few more well-known autograph collectors. By collecting autographs, you become a curator  of history.\nHere are some of the best reasons to join the UACC.\nThe UACC publishes The Pen and Quill, the highly regarded 64-page bimonthly journal with articles and news in all fields of autograph collecting. UACC members may place free ads in The Pen and Quill to express their wants or just _ with other members.\nWriting for autographs to famous living people can also be interesting. The more interesting the letter, the better chance for an interesting reply.\nThe UACC also offers its members the opportunity to buy uncommon autographic materials at low prices. Meanwhile, it publishes low-cost reference works for its members.\nOnce you join the UACC, you will be added to our mailing list and will receive catalogs  of autographs for sale by dealer members. The UACC has nearly 200 of the world's most professional dealers as members. Each member provides contact information on our website, including mailing address, telephone numbers, e-mail-addresses, website address, etc. We always try to promote our dealer program and encourage collectors to always buy from these dealers.", "id": "high4416.txt"}