{"answers": ["B", "D", "B"], "options": [["Supportive.", "Opposed.", "Indifferent.", "Objective."], ["copy exactly what the developed countries have done", "depend entirely on domestic scientists and technologies", "avoid people's involvement in nuclear power plant construction", "do everything in its power to guarantee safety in nuclear power plants"], ["It will be unique but can hardly pass too many tests.", "It will be full of controversy but carried out firmly.", "It will be on a smooth way to a ground-breaking success.", "It will receive much opposition from developed countries."]], "questions": ["What attitude do people in developed countries have towards nuclear power program?", ". If the Chinese government is to develop nuclear power, it needs to   _  .", "What is the future of China's nuclear power program according to the text?"], "article": "The State Council declared Wednesday it would restart China's nuclear power program, ending the hiatus in nuclear construction since Japan's Fukushima nuclear disaster last year.\nChina has been the most courageous country in building nuclear power, with the largest number of plants currently under construction. Nuclear power is facing a tough time in developed countries. The Japanese public is demanding the closure of all the country's nuclear power plants. China is at the forefront of nuclear power development. But it has been forced into this position.\nRapid economic development coupled with improvements in people's life both demand more electricity. It is impossible to exploit fossil resources forever as the supply of coal, oil and natural gas is limited. China has no choice but to develop nuclear power.\nChina must be the safest user of nuclear power. It should become a leading country in developing nuclear power technologies and increasing the world's knowledge of nuclear power.\nIt needs to do at least two things. First, it needs to promote safety in nuclear power plants, based on the technologies of the West. The former Soviet Union, the US and Japan all had severe nuclear accidents, proving there are risks. China should try to remove these risks.\nSecond, China should establish effective communication mechanisms between the government, power plants and the public. It's wrong to think the government can control every aspect of nuclear power plant construction.\nThe opposition to nuclear power program in developed countries has prevented them from building new plants, but they already have many. These governments are reluctant to close these plants despite strong opposition, because they cannot find better substitutes.\nNuclear power only occupies 1.8 percent of China's current electricity grid , much lower than the proportion in many developed countries. China's nuclear power plan should introduce the advantages of the technologies of other countries and also be creative in providing security. Its space technology is not the most advanced, but its launch safety measures have proven to be among the best.\nChina's high-profile high-speed railway development has drawn a lot of controversy, as will the active attitude towards developing nuclear power. But China cannot just copy what the developed countries have done. The development of nuclear power must be unique to China and it must be a ground-breaking success. But now, the real test lies ahead.", "id": "high4418.txt"}