{"answers": ["A", "B", "D", "C"], "options": [["meet their friends there", "visit the Florida town", "appreciate a place of interest", "have supper together"], ["It was a pleasure for them to see the two men again.", "It was his habit while driving along the special route.", "It was an agreement between him and the two men.", "It was for the sake of safety while driving."], ["generous and sensitive", "curious and kind", "helpful and brave", "friendly and hurnorous"], ["The two men's favorite drinks.", "The two men's beach apartments", "The reason of the two men's absence", "The author's next visit to the town"]], "questions": ["Driving along the scenic route, the author's family were to  _  .", "Why did the author blow the horn?", "Which of the following can best describe the family?", "Which of the following will best continue this passage?"], "article": "For years, my family has vacationed in the same Florida town. In fact, we just returned home after spending a week of spring break there with our three sons.\nMany nights, we take the same scenic drive to dinner at a favorite restaurant. As we travel along Gulf Shore Boulevard, we admire a combination of small beach apartments, swanky high-rises and spectacular homes.\nA few years ago, we noticed that whenever we drive this particular route, there are always two men sitting in front of the same third-floor window of a low-rise apartment building that overlooks the road. All that is visible from the road are their two silhouettes. Even during off-peak months, they've always been there. Over the years, we've had great fun speculating about who they are, whether they're having a drink, and if so, what they fancy, where they're from, and what they might be discussing. Our guesses have become a modern form of car bingo. Widowers? Retirees? Partners? We've run through the gamut of possibilities.[:ZXXK]\nEventually, I started beeping the horn as we passed. We'd wave. Our new friends would do likewise. There was something comforting in seeing them. In a world of constant change, it has been nice to look up and see that they are there, just as we remember from our last visit. And then last spring, we drove by and they were missing. The apartment was dark. No one was visible in the window. Strangely, we drove by and they were missing The apartment was dark. No one was visible in the window. Strangely, we grew worried about two people we'd never even met. Where did they go? A new round of the guessing game began.\nOn our last trip at Christmastime, we were relieved to see them once again. We were driving past about 6 p.m., and there they were at cocktail hour. I told my wife that I suspected they were gin drinkers and said we should buy them a bottle. She said that if I bought it, she'd deliver it. I said, \"Tomorrow.\"", "id": "high4430.txt"}