{"answers": ["C", "B"], "options": [["A home is a place where you are willing to stay .", "Even the poorest person can have a happy home .", "Computers and the Internet are important for a happy family.", "Sometimes it's the rich that should be pitied ."], ["How to make a house a home", "What makes a house a home", "Who are homeless , the poor", "What's a home for"]], "questions": ["Which statement is Not True according to the passage ?", "Which of the following may serve as the best title of the passage ?"], "article": "What is it that makes a house a home ? A home is a place of companionship with people in it who love each other , who are harmonious and closer inside with one another than they are outside with those in the workplace or with classmates at school . A home is a place of companionship that it's difficult to leave. In a home there is love , sharing and appreciation , and the members help each other .\nI have seen families on the street. But if they live , sleep , talk , and eat together , they are a family, even if they are poorly off. You don't need a roof to make a home. The truly homeless are some of the rich people who build multi-million-dollar houses and are too busy to live in them . The truly homeless are those who have turned their home into a hotel lobby . The parents work. The children do wrong . They don't talk and eat together every day . They rarely see each other . The truly homeless people are _ with babysitters , caretakers , gardeners and maids. Parents are unaware , too busy making money outside the home that they don't live in . This is another way of looking at the rich and the homeless . Who is to be pitied ?\nControl of the computer and the Internet is also important to make a house into a home. If the computer is on all the time , the house turns into an office, even if everyone is at home . Many homes these days are just offices. Human communication has stopped . The computer eats up the time that one should be giving to others within the home . Using the computer moderately gives us time for gentleness , play and communication , not with a screen , but with a human being.", "id": "high4435.txt"}