{"answers": ["D", "A"], "options": [["Understanding the other people's feelings and problems.", "Expressing their feelings like anger.", "Having a strong faith in their own abilities and potential.", "Helping them form a good habit of reading stories."], ["To tell readers the benefits of encouraging children's imagination.", "To introduce some wonderful Disney stories to readers.", "To provide ways of helping make kids more imaginative.", "To persuade parents to buy the Disney edition of Peter Pan."]], "questions": ["What's NOT the advantage of children having a good imagination?", "What's the purpose of writing the article?"], "article": "As a parent you might never guess all the ways a good imagination benefits your child. It helps a preschooler :\nDevelop social skills\nAs children play pretend, they explore relationships between family members, friends and coworkers and learn more about how people interact. Playing doctor, they imagine how physicians care for their patients. Playing house, they learn more about how parents feel about their children. Imaginative play helps develop empathy  for others. If children can imagine how it feels to be left out of a game or to lose a pet, they are better able to help those in need. They become more willing to play fair, to share, and to cooperate.\nBuild selfconfidence\nYoung children have very little control over their lives. Imagining oneself as a builder of skyscrapers  or a superhero defending the planet is empowering to a child. It helps them develop confidence in their abilities and their potential.\nBoost intellectual growth\nUsing the imagination is the beginning of abstract thought.Children who can see a king's castle in a mound  of sand or a delicious dinner in a mud pie are learning to think symbolically . This skill is important in school where a child will have to learn that numerals symbolize groups of objects, letters symbolize sounds, and so on.\nPractice language skills\nKids who play pretend with their friends do a lot of talking.This helps _ their vocabulary, improve sentence structure and promote communication skills.\nWork out fears\nPlaying pretend can help children work out their fears and worries. When children roleplay about the big, bad monster under the bed, they gain a sense of control over him and he doesn't seem quite so big or so bad. Imaginative play also helps kids vent  confusing feelings they might have, such as anger toward a parent or compete with a new sibling .\nTo encourage your youngster's imagination, read to him every day. Books offer children the opportunity to visit other worlds and create new ones of their own.\nFor generations children have enjoyed reading the story of Peter Pan because Peter takes them on fascinating adventures.Reader's Digest Young Families offers a beautiful typical Disney edition of Peter Pan, which is an iParenting Media Award winner. Click here to find out how you can get this classic story along with 2 free books-Bambi and Pinocchio.", "id": "high4439.txt"}