{"answers": ["B", "C", "A"], "options": [["The writer likes high-tech cooking.", "Low-tech cooking produces better-tasting meals.", "High-tech news programs always keep you reading what is important to you.", "Handwritten homework is better than word-processed homework."], ["Better late than never.", "Easy come, easy go.", "Every coin has two sides.", "Learn to walk before you run."], ["High-tech vs. low-tech", "Advantages vs. disadvantages.", "Newspapers and magazines vs. television and the Internet.", "Word-processing vs. handwriting."]], "questions": ["Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage?", "How does the writer feel about high-tech tool?", "What is the main subject discussed in the text?"], "article": "High-tech machines have made life easier for millions around the world. However, some people still prefer low-tech ways of doing things. Here's an example of why this is happening. You can microwave a frozen hamburger in 60 seconds. However, it won't taste as good as one you cook on the stove. And if you're in that much of a hurry, you probably won't take time to toast the bun. High-tech cooking saves time, but it doesn't make for better-tasting meals.\nMost people get their news from high-tech sources like television or the Internet. This has many advantages. For example, electronic news is more up to date than newspapers or magazines. It's also more exciting to see live and videotaped news events than photographs. However, newspapers and magazines have some important advantages. They give more background and details. They also let you read the parts that are important to you and skip the rest.\nOther high-tech timesavers have similar disadvantages. For examples, most people use the phone or e-mail to stay in touch with friends and family members who live in other places. But when you use the Internet or the phone, you don't always think carefully about what you are saying, and sometimes you forget the important things you want to communicate. Similarly, when you word-process a homework assignment instead of handwriting it, you can check your spelling electronically and put in fancy headings. However, some students are so busy with the computer that they don't pay enough attention to the actual words they are writing.", "id": "high4452.txt"}