{"answers": ["D", "D", "C"], "options": [["he was unfairly treated by his teacher", "he was disappointed with his downfall", "he was not smart enough at studies", "he got a worse mark than usual"], ["they can solve more complex problems", "they can't settle the challenges they meet", "they are envied for their intelligence", "they are not understanding enough"], ["the relationship between IQ and emotional intelligence", "what kind of students can succeed in college", "smart people may have poorer communication skills", "intelligent students will meet more challenges at work"]], "questions": ["Jason Haffizulla stabbed his physics teacher because  _  .", "Intelligent people are hated because  _  .", "The main purpose of the text is to tell us  _  ."], "article": "On October 23, 2011, David Pologruto, a high school physics teacher, wasstabbed  by his smart student Jason Haffizulla. Jason got straight A's and was determined to study medicine at Harvard, yet this was his downfall. His physics teacher gave Jason a B, a mark Jason believed wouldundermine  his entrance to Harvard. After receiving his B, Jason took a butcher knife to school and stabbed his physics teacher.\nHow can someone as smart as Jason do something so dumb? Studies show there is little or no correlation between IQ and emotional intelligence.\nDuring my early university years, I regarded myself as an intelligent guy. I got good marks in mathematics, physics, and other subjects. I thought such skills would surely give me a bright future. After one year of study with decent marks, I began to see two major classes of students. The first category of students turned up to few lectures, partied every weekend, enjoyed a great social life, and did minimal work to pass courses. The second category of students were intelligent and hard workers who got good grades and were very focused on their studies. Surely would these intelligent and hard-working students find the great jobs before the other lazier class of students?\nNot so. Students are often shocked upon graduation that their qualifications are not as important as they once thought. Graduates enter the workforce only to realize that co-workers hate them and less intelligent people are the ones receiving promotions.\nEducational skills are useless in some industries when interpersonal skills are absent. You can have great ideas, theories, and solve complex problems, but if you cannot effectively communicate in a persuasive and exciting manner by relating to your fellow humans, you will face an uphill battle in whatever challenges you encounter. It's not that people dislike you because of your intelligence; it's that people dislike you because you're rude and not understanding. The intelligent person with poor communication skills is insensitive or unaware of others' emotions.", "id": "high446.txt"}