{"answers": ["C", "D", "B", "C"], "options": [["Frustration Determines Success", "The Importance of Frustration to Success", "How to Measure Success", "Evaluations of a Successful Person"], ["struggle too hard", "know little about others", "are often discouraged", "underestimate themselves"], ["Success is something you keep on being rather than you become.", "Evaluating a successful person needs to look at others' judgment.", "It doesn't matter others may not consider you as a success in their eyes.", "It matters that you set your own course of action and stay on it."], ["attach the importance to others' attitude and evaluation", "learn from others ,failure", "set a proper goal and strive to realize it", "look at others' skills to determine what is successful to us"]], "questions": ["What's the best title of this passage?", "In terms of success, the writer thinks people feel frustrated because they  _", "Which is NOT true according to the passage?", "According to the passage the writer advises us to  _  ."], "article": "One of my main concerns when I am helping people achieve their goals is how they measure success. I see individuals getting frustrated as they struggle hard for success.\nOne of the main reasons that cause this frustration is that people allow their definition of success to be determined by someone or something else. Another is that they become frustrated at their own apparent lack of success when comparing themselves to other people.\nWe are individuals with individual wants, skills and experiences. We should look at our own skills to determine what is successful to us. We should look inwards to determine what it would mean for us to be successful in our own mind rather than someone else's.\nEvaluating a successful person needs to look at his pathway to success, his actions ,his determination and translate that into his own experience to see how he can improve himself.\nYou must set your own course of action, and stay on your course. You alone must determine what success means to you. Do what you do to the best of your ability and the rest will take care of itself. For example, I believe that I am successful but I am not a millionaire! Others may not see me as successful in their eyes but that does not matter. It is how I see myself that is important to me and my life.\nHere is the truth. Being a success is doing your best, not being the best. Success is not something you become; it is something you continue being.\nWhen we get to that point, we will experience a lot more joy and a lot less frustration. And that sounds good to us!\nRemember the great quote from Napoleon Hill, \"If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.\"", "id": "high4460.txt"}