{"answers": ["C", "B", "C"], "options": [["that winning can bring you good luck and respect", "how a penguin can be a good surfer", "about a new animated film --Surf`s Up", "about the life of a teenage penguin called Cody"], ["He is a great penguin surfing king.", "He doesn't help Cody with surfing although Cody begs him.", "He works as a doctor after he leaves surfing.", "He is loved by the teenage penguin Cody."], ["He likes surfing and lives in Antarctica.", "He thinks winning will win him the respect of others at first.", "He gets along well with his brother and his mother.", "He is defeated by Evans in a surfing match."]], "questions": ["The passage mainly tells us   _  .", "Which of the following statements about Big Z is NOT true?", "Which of the following statements about Cody is NOT true?"], "article": "Isn't it cool to surf   in summer? You catch a wave and enjoy the ride. Surfing is not only our favorite sport, though. A group of penguins   enjoy the sport as much as we do. And they show their excitement and skills in the new animated film --Surf`s Up, which came out on June 6, in the US.\nCody loves the sport. Cody's idol   is Big Z, a great penguin surfing king. Cody doesn't like his brother and his mother who are not supportive. He really wants to get away. Cody believes that winning a surfing competition will bring him admiration and respect. When Mikey Abromowitz, a talent scout  , comes to Antarctica to look for talented penguins for a surfing competition, Cody's really excited, but during his show there are no waves and he _ . But he knows he can't give up. He runs after Mikey's whale and begs until Mikey agrees to take him.\nThere Cody meets Lani, the island's beautiful lifeguard, as well as his main rival  , the surfing champion Evans. The cocky Evans shows no respect for Big Z, which makes Cody angry. For this, he challenges Evans to a surfing match, only to suffer a terrible defeat.\nLani takes Cody to the island doctor. As they spend time together, Cody realizes that this doctor is really Big Z himself. When he learns this, Cody begs him to train him and make him a better surfer.\nCody begins to find his own way. Cody improves his skills with the help of Big Z and discovers that a true winner isn't always the one who comes in first.", "id": "high4472.txt"}