{"answers": ["B", "B", "D"], "options": [["88 yuan", "76 yuan", "28 yuan", "4 yuan."], ["A family who like to cook by themselves.", "A young student who likes watching TV or surfing on the Internet.", "An old man who would like to stay in a big house with his wife.", "A business man who wants to have a meeting with others."], ["Because he thinks they are similar in shape.", "Because he knows Internet cafes were popular 10 years ago.", "Because he thinks capsule inns are a common thing in our lives.", "Because he believes both will have good development."]], "questions": ["How much will you pay if you want to stay in a capsule inn for 12 hours?", "For whom, a capsule inn is a good choice while traveling around?", "Why does the manager compare  his inn to Internet cafes?"], "article": "A capsule inn is a kind of cheap and small hotel where people just sleep in rectangular containers . After experiencing popularity in Japan for more than 30 years, capsule inns have now entered the Chinese market. This new style is becoming popular with many visitors, but some are less than what they expected. The capsule inn covers an area of more than 300 square meters, with 68 very small bedrooms for guests to rest. Each room is 2.2 meters long and about 1 meter wide.\nAs small as the capsules are, they provide more than enough daily necessities  for visitors. They do have plenty of _ . Each includes independent power sockets, clocks, lights, and flat screen televisions. People can also enjoy wireless Internet service. The basic fee  for each capsule is 28 yuan, and guests will be asked to pay an extra 4 yuan every hour. The highest cost could reach 88 yuan per day.\nTa Zan, capsule inn Manager, said, \"Capsule inns are similar to Internet cafes. When they first appeared more than 10 years ago, people thought they might not succeed. But now it's a common thing in our lives.\" He believes that more capsule inns will open around the nation very soon. He is sure about the future of his business.", "id": "high4475.txt"}