{"answers": ["D", "A", "B"], "options": [["They are trained to have many special skills.", "They also work with local firemen and policemen.", "They turn to adults for help sometimes.", "They think they can save lives only when growing up."], ["be strong and interested in offering help", "be a 9th-through-12th grader", "finish your history homework first", "spend many hours helping people first"], ["What qualities make a good patrol member?", "The Arapahoe teen rescue patrol", "How to become a rescue patrol member", "Skills a rescue patrol member needs"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is NOT true about the Arapahoe teen rescue patrol?", "If you want to become a good rescue patrol member, you must   _  .", "What would be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "You're finishing up your history homework when your cell phone rings. You've got 30 minutes to reach head-quarters, get your equipment packed and receive your task. There's a lost hiker in the mountains near the edge of town. Your task: find the missing person; provide emergency medical treatment, if necessary; and be prepared to operate 48 hours on your own with only the supplies you carry.\nSounds like some kind of film's plot? Not if you're a member of the Arapahoe teen rescue patrol in the suburbs of Denver. About 25 teen guys and girls are active members of this search, rescue and emergency organization, and they know firsthand that you don't have to be an adult to save lives.\nThese 9th-through-12th graders are the real deal when it comes to emergency services. In fact, they're the only teen-commanded patrol in the nation. Sure they have adult advisers to turn to if necessary, but in the field it's a teen patrol officer calling the shots -- sometimes even giving direction to adults.\nMembers are trained in rock-high-angle,swift-water and avalanche rescue  , winter and alpine operation , wilderness life support and emergency care, among other skills. They also regularly ride along with the local fire and police departments, providing support such as security details and evidence searching.\nWhen asked what qualities make a good patrol member, founder and president Stan Bush named good physical conditioning and an interest in helping people. \"We put in lots and lots of hours helping people in trouble,\" he says. \"So if a person is not really interested in doing that kind of thing, he won't last as a member.\"", "id": "high4478.txt"}