{"answers": ["A", "B", "D"], "options": [["do well in tests", "be considered inferior", "be more effective than others", "do research when faced with a task"], ["lack basic moral values", "have improper self evaluation", "fail to communicate with others", "show little respect for others"], ["intelligence is measured by cognitive ability", "cognition is the most important mental power", "the toughest lesson is to distinguish the two types of cognition", "the awareness of one's ignorance contributes to one's improvement"]], "questions": ["People with great cognitive ability tend to   _  .", "People with poor metacognition may not succeed because they   _  .", "The author probably supports the idea that   _  ."], "article": "Three years ago I listened to a lecture on cognition that changed the way I think about intelligence. There are two types of cognition, and the first is normal cognition the ability to regain knowledge from memory. The second type of cognition is metacognition  the ability to know whether or not you know.\nDoes this affect intelligence? In traditional education, intelligence is measured by cognitive ability. Some people can easily produce everything they know on a test. But others are awarded with poor grades and considered inferior (not as good as). But does this inability make them any less intelligent? If the question came up on a task, they could refer to a book or a quick Google search. In reality they're just as effective as the people that ace a test. They just can't prove it as easily.\nMetacognition is more important to success than cognition. A person with poor cognitive ability, but great metacognitive ability might do poorly in school, but when faced with a challenge, they understand their abilities and _ . For example, when faced with a question, a person with strong metacognitive ability will deal with it like this. If he knows the answer, but can't come up with it, he can always do a bit of research. If he knows for sure that he doesn't know, then he can start educating himself. Because he's aware of his ignorance, he doesn't act with foolish confidence. These people might not seem intelligent at first glance, but because they know what they know, they make better decisions and learn the most important things.\nHowever, people with great cognitive ability but poor metacognitive ability may be considered excellent at a young age for acing every test and getting great SAT scores. Unfortunately, they've been ruined by poor metacognition they think they know everything but they really don't. They are arrogant (overconfident), fail to learn from mistakes, and don't understand the slight differences of personal relationships, showing disregard for persons with lower cognitive ability. They may make the worst decisions.\nThe most important mental power is the ability to know what you don't know .The recognition of a fault is the first step to improvement. Don't try to hide a lack of knowledge. For intelligent people this is the toughest lesson to learn.", "id": "high4482.txt"}