{"answers": ["B", "C", "D"], "options": [["It was only conducted in 1948.", "It involves more than 12,000 participants.", "It was led by John Cacioppo.", "It showed that any behavior could spread."], ["The spreading effect was the second strongest among friends.", "No spreading effect was found on husbands and wives.", "Women are more likely to be affected than men.", "Brothers are more easily affected than neighbors."], ["Actions should be taken to help lonely people.", "People feel lonely for many reasons.", "Ways to fight against loneliness.", "Lonely people can affect others."]], "questions": ["What is TRUE about the Framingham Study?", "Which statement about the spread of loneliness is true?", "What is the main idea of the passage?"], "article": "A newly-published study has shown that loneliness can spread from one person to another, like a disease. Researchers used information from the Framingham Study, which began in 1948. The Framingham Study gathers information about physical and mental health, personal behavior and diet. At first, the study involved about 5,000 people in the American state of Massachusetts. Now, more than 12,000 individuals are taking part.\nInformation from the Framingham Study showed earlier that happiness can spread from person to person. So can behaviors like littering and the ability to stop smoking.\nUniversity of Chicago psychologist John Cacioppo led the recent study. He and other researchers attempted to show how often people felt lonely. They found that the feeling of loneliness spread through social groups.\nHaving a social connection with a lonely person increased the chances that another individual would feel lonely. In fact, a friend of a lonely person was 52% more likely to develop feelings of loneliness. A friend of that person was 25% more likely. The researchers say this shows that a person could indirectly be affected by someone's loneliness.\nThe effect was strongest among friends. Neighbors were the second most affected group. The effect was weaker on husbands and wives, and brothers and sisters. The researchers also found that loneliness spread more easily among women than men.\nThe New York Times newspaper reports that, on average, people experience feelings of loneliness about 48 days a year. It also found that every additional friend can decrease loneliness by about five percent, or two and a half fewer lonely days.\nLoneliness has been linked to health problems like depression and sleeping difficulties. The researchers believe that knowing the causes of loneliness could help in reducing it.\nThe study suggests that people can take steps to stop the spread of loneliness. They can do this by helping individuals they know who may be experiencing loneliness. The result can be helpful to the whole social group.", "id": "high4484.txt"}