{"answers": ["C", "D", "B"], "options": [["The climate", "The scenery", "The study condition", "The living condition"], ["California is the best place to live in.", "California is the worst place to live in.", "California is a state with the largest city.", "California is a state with different climates."], ["find the best universities", "feel the real character of the nation", "meet the most famous professors there", "face more difficulties"]], "questions": ["What, according to the author, should be considered first if you want to study in the USA?", "What is California like?", "If you study in Middle America, you can probably   _  ."], "article": "If you are planning to study in the United States, you need to consider several factors. Everyone has different opinions about where is the best place to live in. Also, the best places to live in are not always home to the best schools. Finally, many schools specialize in different areas of study. The Massachusetts Institute of Technology, for example, is a great school for computer science and technology-related fields of study. However, if you want to study oceanography , your interests may be better served by attending school in a place that is on a coastline or near the ocean.\nNow I am sure that you know which schools are considered the best in the country. So I will tell you about which states I believe are the best to live in.\nCalifornia is a nice state. Northern California specifically has very good weather. Los Angeles in southern California is another story, though. Life in LA is full of excitement and fast, and sometimes dangerous. As for me, I enjoyed the time I spent in Massachusetts, Virginia and Maryland and these states have a lot of history and culture. The weather is not as perfect as Northern California, but it is still quite nice. My favorite area of America is the Mid-west. Middle America, I think, is home to the true American sense of values. In addition, there are many good universities there.\nAlso, you need to think about your likes and dislikes and then research the various states. You like sunshine and hate snow? Then you probably won't like the Midwest or even the Northeast. Open space, nature and peace? Then you probably should stay away from America's large cities. Are you interested in government? Then Washington D. C. is the only place for you. Whatever you decide, put some thought into it. The place you live in could be the difference between a great study-abroad experience and a state of great suffering on earth.", "id": "high4493.txt"}