{"answers": ["C", "A", "A"], "options": [["depend on one sense in choosing food", "are not satisfied with their food", "choose food in similar ways", "eat entirely different food"], ["The white butterfly.", "The small bird.", "The bear.", "The fox."], ["the season changes", "the food color changes", "they move to different places", "they are attracted by different smells"]], "questions": ["We can infer from the text that humans and animals   _  .", "Which of the following eats only one type of food?", "Certain animals change their choice of food when   _  ."], "article": "Many animals recognize their food because they see it. So do humans. When you see an apple or a piece of chocolate you know that these are things you can eat. You can also use other senses when you choose your food. You may like it because it smells good or because it tastes good. You may dislike some types of food because they do not look, smell or taste very nice. Different animals use different senses to find and choose their food. A few animals depend on only one of their senses, while most animals use more than one sense.\nAlthough there are many different types of food, some animals spend their lives eating only one type. The giant panda eats only one particular type of bamboo . Other animals eat only one type of food even when given the choice. A kind of white butterfly will stay on the leaves of a cabbage, even though there are plenty of other vegetables in the garden. However, most animals have a more varied diet . The bear eats fruits and fish. The fox eats small animals, birds and fruits. The diet of these animals will be different depending on the season.\nHumans have a very varied diet. We often eat food because we like it and not because it is good for us. In countries such as France and Britain, people eat foods with too much sugar. This makes them overweight, which is bad for their health. Eating too much red meat and animal products, such as butter, can also be bad for the health. Choosing the right food, therefore, has become an area of study in modem life.", "id": "high4496.txt"}