{"answers": ["B", "D", "B", "B", "D"], "options": [["The search for religious freedom.", "The search for adventure.", "Unwillingness to join the army.", "Economics."], ["There was no land.", "There was no peace.", "The population had gone down.", "There were too many of them."], ["Employment", "A healthy life", "freedom of religion", "Business opportunities"], ["The USA is still seen by millions as the Promised Land.", "The USA is a land of immigrants.", "Religion encouraged millions to leave the Old World.", "About one-eighth of non-native born Americans live in the USA in 1890."], ["were as fortunate as the slaves", "were more unfortunate than the slaves", "were the most unfortunate", "were as unfortunate as the slaves"]], "questions": ["What is not the cause for people to leave their homeland?", "Why was life of the 19th Century European farmers difficult?", "Which of the following was not an attraction of the USA?", "What is the topic of this passage?", "The American Indians   _  ."], "article": "The USA is a land of immigrants. Between 1815 and 1914, the world witnessed the greatest peaceful migration in its history: 35 million people, mostly Europeans, left their homelands to start new lives in America. Why did these people risk everything by leaving their homes and families?\nFirst, what forced emigrants to make the decision to leave? One major cause for European farmers to leave was the rise in population which in turn led to land hunger. Another was politics. There was an increased taxation and the growth of armies, and many young men fled eastern Europe to avoid being forced to join the army.\nPhysical hunger provided another pressing reason. Following the collapse  of the economy of southern Italy in the 1860s, hundreds of thousands decided to start a new life in America. Religion also encouraged millions to leave the Old World.\nIn short, people chose to leave their homes for social, economic and religious reasons. As a result, by 1890 among a total population of 63 million, there were more than nine million foreign-born Americans.\nBut what were the attractions? First of all, there was the promise of land which was so scarce in Europe. Next, factories were calling for workers, and pay conditions were much better than back home. Men were needed to open up the West and build the long railroads, and new towns needed settlers to live in and to develop business. There was the space for religious people to practice their faith in peace.\nThis immigration meant that by around the 1850s Americans of non-English had started to be more than those of English. As we know, there were losers. To start with, there were those unwilling immigrants, the slaves who had been used as a source of cheap labour. Nor should we forget the equally unlucky American Indians. By 1860 there were 27 million free whites, four million slaves and a mere 488,000 free blacks.\nNowadays, the USA is still seen by millions as the Promised Land. As always, it remains an attractive place to those who think it will offer them a second chance.", "id": "high4503.txt"}