{"answers": ["C", "A"], "options": [["The violence in the school", "The study pressure of students.", "The responsibilities of the students", "The right to achieve students' potential."], ["dissatisfied", "indifferent", "understanding", "tolerant"]], "questions": ["In the opinion of the writer, what problem do people ignore?", "The author's attitude to the behaviour of parents may be   _  ."], "article": "\"A very disruptive  six-year-old child kicked my legs and clawed at my hand,\" said one teacher. \" I broke up a fight and was kicked between my legs,\" said another. Many people have heard stories like this. But the situation is more worrying still and it involves parents.\nEvery child, regardless of the circumstances into which they are born, has the right to achieve their potential, regardless of their parents' wealth and class. And we recognize that, as a nation, it is a long way to achieve this goal. But with rights come responsibilities and what worries people is that we are in danger of ignoring the latter.\nFar too many children are behaving badly at school, even to the point of being violent to staff. This is terrible enough, but it is hard to be surprised since many children are just mirroring the behaviour of their parents.\nMy members tell me that parents also come into school often and threaten staff and some staff have been attacked by a pupil's parents. One father encouraged his child to start a fight on the playground before school started. A primary teacher reported that a parent shouted at him. We need to have a serious and sensible debate about the roles and responsibilities of parents and the support that they can reasonably expect of schools and teachers.\nChildren will not learn how to behave as social beings if they are stuck in front of the TV for hours every day. They need their parents to show an interest in them and to spend time with them, helping them to play with their peers  and to learn the rules of social behavior.\nChildren are now arriving at school socially undeveloped, increasingly unable to dress themselves, unable to use the toilet properly, unable to hold a knife and fork and unused to eating at a table, Mary Bousted, general secretary of the Association of Teachers and Lecturers, writes in today's Observer. Instead of taking responsibility themselves, too many parents expect teachers to control their children's behaviour and wellbeing, she adds. Bousted says one mother blamed staff when she discovered that her 16-year-old son was smoking.\nWe are in danger of becoming a nation of _ . The bedroom, once a place to sleep, has become the living space for the young. Spending hours in front of computer screens, on social networking sites or being immersed  in computer games, children and young people spend little time with their parents. Parents are unable to monitor just what their children are watching.\nSchools cannot right the wrongs of society and teachers cannot become substitute parents. Both parties need to work together. Parents must be helped and given confidence to take back control. They are responsible for setting boundaries for their children's behaviour and sticking to those boundaries. They are responsible for setting a good example to their children and for devoting that most precious of resources -- time -- so that children come to school ready and willing to learn.", "id": "high4523.txt"}