{"answers": ["A", "C", "B", "B"], "options": [["Because they are convenient and inexpensive.", "Because they are traditional and safe.", "Because they are colorful and available.", "Because they are fast and environment friendly."], ["to ride it for fun", "to use it for transport", "to experience local skills", "to improve his riding skills"], ["It was boring.", "It was difficult.", "It was lively.", "It was wonderful."], ["The author enjoyed showing off his biking skills.", "The author took great pleasure in biking.", "The author was praised by the other bikers.", "The author was annoyed by the air while riding."]], "questions": ["According to the author, why are bicycles still popular in China today?", "The author decided to buy a bicycle because he intended   _  .", "How did the author feel about his street crossing?", "Which of the following best describes the author's biking experience?"], "article": "China is a land of bicycles. At least it was back in 1992 when I traveled the country. Back then everyone seemed to be riding a bicycle. Millions of them, all black. Cars were rare. Yet since my arrival in Beijing last year, I've found the opposite is true. There are millions of cars. However, people still use their bicycles to get around. For many, it's the easiest and cheapest way to travel today. Bicycles also come in different colors---silver, green, red, blue, yellow, whatever you want.\nIt's fun watching people biking. They rush quickly through crossroads, move skillfully through traffic, and ride even on sidewalks . Bicycles allow people the freedom to move about that cars just can't provide.\nEager to be part of this aspect of Chinese culture, I decided to buy a bicycle. Great weather accompanied my great buy. I immediately jumped up on my bicycle seat and started home.\nMy first ride home was orderly  . To be safe, I stayed with a \"pack\" of bikers while cars on the streets came running swiftly out of nowhere at times. I didn't want to get hit. So I took the ride carefully.\nCrossing the streets was the biggest problem. It was a lot like crossing a major highway back in the United States. The streets here were wide, so crossing took time, skill and a little bit of luck.\nI finally made it home. The feeling on the bicycle was amazing. The air hitting my face and going through my hair was wonderful. I was sitting on top of the world as I passed by places and people. Biking made me feel alive.", "id": "high4525.txt"}