{"answers": ["A", "C", "B", "B"], "options": [["She lost her direction.", "The altimeter went out of order.", "Her engine went wrong.", "She was caught in a storm."], ["She did nothing but pray for herself.", "She changed her direction and landed in Ireland.", "She continued flying.", "She lost hope of reaching land."], ["She was the first woman who succeeded in flying across the Atlantic Ocean alone.", "She made plans to fly around the world.", "She was warmly welcomed in England, Europe and the United States.", "She showed great courage in overcoming the difficulties during the flight."], ["Amelia Earhart--First Across the Atlantic", "Amelia Earhart--Pioneer in Women's Aviation", "A New Record for Flying Time", "A Dangerous Flight from North America to England"]], "questions": ["Which of the following statements is NOT the difficulty which Amelia Earhart met in her flight from north America to England?", "When Amelia Earhart saw flames coming from the engine, what did she do?", "Which of the following statements was NOT mentioned?", "Which of the following would be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "The year was 1932. Amelia Earhart was flying alone from North America to England in a small single-engined aeroplane. At midnight, several hours after she had left Newfoundland, she ran into bad weather. To make things worse, her altimeter  failed and she didn't know how high she was flying. At night, and in a storm, a pilot is in great difficulty without an altimeter. At times, her plane nearly plunged into the sea.\nJust before dawn, there was further trouble. Amelia noticed flames coming from the engine. Would she be able to reach land? There was nothing to do except to keep going and to hope.\nIn the end, Amelia Earhart did reach Ireland, and for the courage she had shown, she was warmly welcomed in England and Europe. When she returned to the United States, she was honored by President Hoover at a special dinner in the White House. From that time on, Amelia Earhart was famous.\nWhat was so important about her flight? Amelia Earhart was the first woman to fly the Atlantic Ocean alone, and she had set a record of fourteen hours and fifty-six minutes.\nIn the years that followed, Amelia Earhart made several flights across the United States, and on each occasion she set a new record for flying time. Amelia Earhart made these flights to show that women had a place in aviation   and that air travel was useful.", "id": "high4526.txt"}