{"answers": ["A", "D"], "options": [["risky", "shocking", "exciting", "boring"], ["everyone must learn how to give first aid", "you should forget about your own safety while giving first aid.", "when you see an accident you should do nothing but call the police.", "when calling for help you should give all relevant details."]], "questions": ["The author thinks that helping a victim can be   _  .", "It can be inferred from the passage that   _  ."], "article": "We all know how important human life is--it's priceless. It doesn't matter where you are from or what the color of your skins is--all people are human beings. Firstly, we can tell you that the lives of your relatives could depend on your ability to give first aid. If you think highly of human's life, this website is for you! Here you can find information about first aid.\nThe very first thing that you should do when you see an accident is to _ the situation and prevent further dangerous incidents. First of all, you have to recognize what has happened and what the dangers to rescuers and victims are. Think about how to take care of the victims.\nHelping usually takes place in very difficult conditions and injuries can be very bad. Therefore, you cannot be too afraid of making mistakes to help. Sometimes you have to face the fact that regardless of your actions and your efforts the victim's condition might not improve--he or she could even die. In some cases even professional medical aid may not succeed. If you have done everything you think you should do, you shouldn't feel guilty.\nDo not expose yourself to danger. Giving first aid can be dangerous. While trying to help a victim, do not forget about your own safety. If something happens to you, you won't be able to help anyone.\nCall for help after you find out the condition of a victim. But remember if a victim faints due to breathing failure caused by drowning, choking or poisoning, you should first take actions that help to bring back the heart beat and breathing. While calling, talk shortly but clearly. Always provide the following information: the location of the accident, the kind of accident, the number of the injured and your full name and phone number and so on.[:]", "id": "high4535.txt"}