{"answers": ["D", "A", "B", "D"], "options": [["making tent covers and wagons", "making tents for wagons", "making trousers for the miners", "making wagon covers and tents"], ["A strong type of cloth that is not torn by strong wears.", "A special type of cloth that cannot be washed away by rain.", "A smooth type of cloth that is for underwear.", "A wonderful type of cloth that is as good as metal."], ["the miners didn't have enough trousers[:ZSSxxSSk.Com]", "the miner's trousers had not been strong enough", "the miner's trousers did not wear out easily", "the tailor on the goldfield could not make trousers"], ["Their pockets kept tearing the gold.", "Their pockets were not made of metal.", "The gold they found was too sharp and heavy to tear their pockets.", "The gold they collected easily tore their pockets."]], "questions": ["The denim cloth was originally meant for  _  .", "What kind of material do you think is denim?", "A miner advised Strauss to sell trousers because   _  .", "Why did the miners need strong pockets in the trousers?"], "article": "In 1859,during the Gold Rush,a twenty- year-old immigrant from Bavaria named Levi Strauss stepped off the boat in San Francisco. He had with him a special cloth called Serge de Nimes that was later called denim in America. Levi Strauss hoped to sell the denim as material to make tents and covers for wagons to the men who were going to the goldfields to look for gold.\n\"You should have brought trousers to sell. In the goldfields we need strong trousers that don't wear out,\"one young miner advised Strauss. So Levi Strauss took some of his denim to the nearest tailor and had him make the miner a pair of trousers. The miner was so pleased that he told other miners about the wonderful newcomer,Levi,and soon Levi Strauss had to open a shop,producing enough trousers for the miners. The miners wanted trousers that were comfortable to ride in and were low cut so that they could bend over easily to pick up the gold from under their feet. Besides they wanted the trousers to have big useful pockets. One miner complained that the gold in his pockets kept tearing them. So Levi put metal corners in the pockets to make them stronger. Very soon,miners and cowboys from all over came to get fitted up with Levi's trousers. Today more than a hundred years later, Levi's trousers walk the world a Levi's blue jeans .", "id": "high4547.txt"}