{"answers": ["C", "A", "B", "A"], "options": [["How good reporting begins with journalism interns.", "The author's opportunity to work at the Nation's Health.", "The author's experience working as an intern", "The author's first day as a professional reporter."], ["The employees treated her as one of them equally.", "The opportunity to work alone.", "Covering stories and writing articles", "Coming up with story ideas for the newspaper."], ["go to as many places as possible", "do the boring things that others didn't want to do", "treat people equally, no matter who they were.", "get help from a professional reporter"], ["Meaningful", "Disappointing", "Tiring", "Surprising"]], "questions": ["What is the passage mainly about?", "What impressed the author most when working at the Nation's Health?", "We can infer that the author had thought an intern would be made to   _  .", "What did the author think of her experience of working at the Notion's Health?"], "article": "From my first day, I was attending press conferences and other media events all over town. I got to attend events at places I had never thought I'd get to: the White House, the Senate and House of Representative buildings at the Capitol  , the Department of Health and Human Services, just to name a few. And I was sent to cover these events as if I were a reporter, not just an intern   .\nIn fact, I never really felt like an intern. I was given the opportunity to do the work that everyone else at the paper was doing. I covered stories on my own and wrote the articles myself. I was included in discussions for story ideas. I helped to edit the articles that went into the paper. I was able to take part in every aspect of the newspaper that I wanted to experience.\nThe best part of working at the Nation's Health was the staff. They were supportive in letting me go out and do things on my own, while I always knew that they would be more than happy to answer any questions or help me with any problems I might have. Best of all, they treated me as their equal, not just an intern whom they could get to do all the work they didn't want to do.\nAfter interning at the Nation's Health for nearly seven months and having more than 30 articles published, I had to move on. My experience there gave me insight into how the media work, which helps me when I'm trying to choose stories. In addition, it showed me that work really can be fun.", "id": "high4548.txt"}