{"answers": ["A", "D"], "options": [["explain what influences a person's sense of humor", "tell readers the importance of being healthy", "explain how to make better decisions", "tell readers how to understand jokes"], ["Culture.", "Age", "Educational level.", "Family backgrounds."]], "questions": ["The purpose of the passage is to   _  .", "According to the passage, which of the following isn't talked about in our passenger?"], "article": "Most people agree that it's important to have a sense of humor. Having the ability to laugh can help one overcome anxiety, and make better decisions in difficult situations. People with a well-developed sense of humor appear to be happier, and some are healthier as well. This suggests that having a sense of humor is good for you. Humorless people may find themselves being treated as a fool, and become anxious and upset.\nA sense of humor also plays an important role in human relationships. However, not everyone has a sense of humor. People with developmental disabilities   can sometimes have no sense of humor, or have a very strange one.\nA number of factors affect a person's sense of humor, with the age probably being the main one. Young children are often highly amused by simple jokes or shows, while teenagers prefer to enjoy the ironic   events. Educational level, culture, and religious faith also affect one's sense of humor. While Christians, for example, may have a deep appreciation of jokes about the Bible, others may find them disrespectful.\nMany people believe that a sense of humor is something that develops on its own, and that you cannot teach someone to understand why jokes, certain comments, situations or events are funny. However, things can be done to _ one's sense of humor. Children, for example, benefit from being told jokes and encouraged to laugh, although some children's jokes might seem rather strange to adults. If you have children, try to encourage them to tell jokes and think about what makes things funny. And it will help them develop a sense of humor.", "id": "high4570.txt"}