{"answers": ["D", "A", "D", "C"], "options": [["By mowing lawn in summer.", "By clearing snow from sidewalks and driveways in winter.", "By working two to three hours after school and all day on Saturday or Sunday.", "By doing some housework for the family."], ["Hire teenagers for this job rather than do it themselves", "They do it themselves.", "They hire their own children to do so", "They don't clean it at all."], ["They acquire a feeling of independence.", "They acquire a sense of responsibility.", "The actions prepare them for a productive life in society.", "All of the above."], ["The inhabitants.", "The neighbors", "The government.", "The police."]], "questions": ["How do American youngsters earn their allowance? Which one is NOT one of the ways?", "When it comes to clearing snow,what do many people like to do?", "What is the advantage of youngsters earning allowance?", "Who will clear the snow on the streets?"], "article": "Many American youngsters earn their own allowance by doing temporary jobs for their neighbors. Babysitting is one of the common of these jobs. Most couples do not have maids or relatives living with them, and they need to have someone watch the children if they want to go out.\nAnother way is by mowing lawn in summer and clearing snow from sidewalks and driveways in winter. Many people mow their own lawns,but often people prefer to give the job to a neighbor's child. In winter, snow clearing from streets and highways is the government's responsibility. Homeowners or tenants, however, must clear sidewalks and driveways. Since clearing snow is very tiring, many people prefer to hire teenagers for this job rather than do it themselves.\nBesides, many American teenagers usually work two to three hours after school and all day on Saturday or Sunday at the local supermarket. They work as cashiers or stockroom clerks. Or they help customers carry things to their cars. Other favorite jobs are waiting on tables in restaurants or working part-time at stores or gas stations.\nBy earning their own allowance,teenagers acquire a feeling of independence and a sense of responsibility which prepares them for a productive life in society.", "id": "high4594.txt"}