{"answers": ["B", "C", "D", "A", "B"], "options": [["the development of fast food services", "how McDonald's became a billion-dollar business", "the business careers of Mac and Dick McDonald", "Ray Kroc's business talent"], ["a drive-in", "a theater", "a cinema", "a barbecue restaurant"], ["Mac and Dick McDonald never became wealthy, for they sold their ideas to Kroc", "the place the McDonald brothers chose was the only source of the great popularity of their drive-in", "forty years ago there were lots of fast-food restaurants", "Ray Kroc was a good businessman"], ["creativity is an important element of business success", "Ray Kroc was the close partner of the McDonald brothers", "Mac and Dick McDonald became broken after they sold their ideas to Ray Kroc", "California is the best place to go into business"], ["Today McDonald's is very popular in the world.", "The first twenty-two years of McDonald's is the most surprising success in American business history.", "Mac and Dick McDonald were content with their business at first.", "It is convenient to eat in a drive-in."]], "questions": ["This passage mainly talks about   _  .", "Mac and Dick managed all of the following business except   _  .", "We may infer from this passage that   _  .", "The passage suggests that   _  .", "Which of the following statement is NOT true?"], "article": "In 1939 two brothers, Mac and Dick McDonald, started a drive-in restaurant in San Bernardino, California. They carefully chose a busy corner for their location. They had run their own businesses for years, first a theater, then a barbecue restaurant, then another drive-in. But in their new operation, they offered a new, shortened menu: French fries, hamburgers, and sodas. To this small selection they added one new idea: quick service,no waiters or waitresses, and no tips.\nTheir hamburgers were sold for fifteen cents. Cheese was another four cents. Their French fries and hamburgers had a remarkable uniformity , for the brothers had developed a strict routine for the preparation of their food, and they insisted on their cooks' sticking to their routine. Their new drive-in became surprisingly popular, particularly for lunch. People drove up by the hundred during the busy noontime. The self-service restaurant was so popular that the brothers had allowed ten copies of their restaurant to be opened. They were content with this modest success until they met Ray Kroc.\nKroc was a salesman who met the McDonald brothers in 1954 when he was selling milkshake-mixing machines. He quickly saw the special attraction of the brothers' fast-food restaurants and bought the right to franchise other copies of their restaurants. The agreement included the right to duplicate  the menu, the equipment, even their red and white buildings the golden arches .\nToday McDonald's is really a household name. In 1976, McDonald's had over$1 billion in total sales. Its first twenty-two years is one of the most surprising successes in modern American business history.", "id": "high4595.txt"}