{"answers": ["D"], "options": [["To define victims and creators.", "To evaluate victims against creators.", "To explain the relationship between victims and creators.", "To suggest the transformation from victims to creators."]], "questions": ["What is the author's purpose in writing this passage?"], "article": "You are given many opportunities in life to choose to be a victim or creator. When you choose to be a victim, the world is a cold and difficult place. \"They\" did things to you which caused all of your pain and suffering. \"They\" are wrong and bad, and life is terrible as long as \"they\" are around. Or you may blame yourself for all your problems, thus internalizing your victimization. The truth is, your life is likely to stay that way as long as you feel a need to blame yourself or others.\nThose who choose to be creators look at life quite differently. They know there are individuals who might like to control their lives, but they don't let this get in the way. They know they have their weaknesses, yet they don't blame themselves when they fail. Whatever happens, they have choice in the matter. They believe their dance with each sacred moment of life is a gift and that storms are a natural part of life which can bring the rain needed for emotional and spiritual growth.\nVictims and creators live in the same physical world and deal with many of the same physical realities, yet their experience of life is worlds apart. Victims relish  in anger, guilt, and other emotions that cause others---and even themselves---to feel like victims, too. Creators consciously choose love, inspiration, and other qualities which inspire not only themselves, but all around them. Both victims and creators always have choice to determine the direction of their lives.\nIn reality, all of us play the victim or the creator at various points in our lives. One person, on losing a job or a special relationship, may feel as if it is the end of the world and sink into terrible suffering for months, years, or even a lifetime. Another with the same experience may choose to first experience the grief, then accept the loss and soon move on to be a powerful creative force in his life.\nIn every moment and every circumstance, you can choose to have fuller, richer life by setting a clear intention to transform the victim within, and by inviting into your life the powerful creator that you are.", "id": "high460.txt"}