{"answers": ["D", "B"], "options": [["having her baby examined", "giving her husband a chance to make his escape", "having her husband examined", "getting a chance for her family to get together"], ["The wife experienced the most joy in receiving", "An act of kindness can mean a lot", "The prisoner was treated with mercy", "Whoever breaks the law should be punished"]], "questions": ["The young woman came to the writer's office for the purpose of_.", "What does the writer learn from the story?"], "article": "It was the afternoon of December 24, the day before Christmas; and as the newest doctor in our office, I had to work. The only thing that brightened my day was the beautifully decorated Christmas tree in our waiting room and a gift sent to me by a fellow I was dating -- a dozen long-stemmed red roses.\nAs I was cleaning my office,  I was told a lady urgently needed to speak with me. As I stepped out, I noticed a young, tired-looking woman with a baby in her arms. Nervously, she explained that her husband -- a prisoner in a nearby prison -- was my next patient. She told me she wasn't allowed to visit her husband in prison and that he had never seen his son. Her request was for me to let the boy's father sit in the waiting room with her as long as possible before I called him for his appointment. Since my schedule wasn't full, I agreed. After all, it was Christmas Eve.[:Zxxk.Com]\nA short time later, her husband arrived -- with chains on his feet and hands, and two armed guards as bodyguards. The woman's tired face lit up like our little Christmas tree when her husband took a seat beside her. I kept glancing out to watch them laugh, cry and share their child. After almost an hour, I called the prisoner back to my office. The patient seemed like a gentle and modest man. I wondered what he possibly could have done to be held _ . I tried to make him as comfortable as possible.\nAt the end of the appointment, I wished him a Merry Christmas-a difficult thing to say to a man headed back to prison. He smiled and thanked me. He also said he felt saddened by the fact he hadn't been able to get his wife anything for Christmas. On hearing this, I was inspired with a wonderful idea.\nI'll never forget the look on both their faces as the prisoner gave his wife the beautiful, long-stemmed roses. I'm not sure who experienced the most joy -- the husband in giving, the wife in receiving, or myself in having the opportunity to share in this special moment.", "id": "high4602.txt"}