{"answers": ["A", "B", "C", "D"], "options": [["Greater diversity.", "Exceptional diligence.", "Intellectual maturity.", "Higher ambition."], ["It will arouse students' unrealistic expectations.", "It will produce business leaders of a uniform style.", "It focuses on theory rather than on practical skills.", "It stresses competition rather than cooperation."], ["Age and educational background.", "Attitude and approach to business.", "Social and professional experience.", "Ethnic origin and gender."], ["It is eradicating the tough aspects of management.", "It encourages male and female executives to work side by side.", "It adopts the bully-boy chief executive model.", "It is shifting towards more collaborative models."]], "questions": ["What characterizes the business school student population of today?", "What is the author's concern about current business school education?", "What aspect of diversity does Valerie Gauthier think is most important?", "What does Mannaz say about the current management style?"], "article": "Picture a typical MBA lecture theatre twenty years ago. In it the majority of students will have conformed to   the standard model of the time: male, middle class and Western. Walk into a class today, however, and you'll get a completely different impression. For a start, you will now see plenty more women--the University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School, for example, boasts that 40% of its new enrolment is female. You will also see a wide range of ethnic groups and nationals of practically every country.\nIt might be tempting, therefore, to think that the old barriers have been broken down and equal opportunity achieved. But, increasingly, this apparent diversity   is becoming a mask for a new type of conformity. Behind the differences in sex, skin tones and mother tongues, there are common attitudes, expectations and ambitions which risk creating a set of clones among the business leaders of the future.\nDiversity, it seems, has not helped to address fundamental weaknesses in business leadership. So what can be done to create more effective managers of the commercial world? According to Valerie Gauthier, associate dean at HEC Paris, the key lies in the process by which MBA programmes recruit   their students. At the moment candidates are selected on a fairly narrow set of criteria such as prior   academic and career performance, and analytical and problem solving abilities. This is then coupled to a school's picture of what a diverse class should look like, with the result that passport, ethnic origin and sex can all become influencing factors. But schools rarely dig down to find out what really makes an applicant succeed, to create a class which also contains diversity of attitude and approach--arguably the only diversity that, in a business context, really matters.\nProfessor Gauthier believes schools should not just be selecting candidates from traditional sectors such as banking, consultancy and industry. They should also be seeking individuals who have backgrounds in areas such as political science, the creative arts, history or philosophy, which will allow them to put business decisions into a wider context.\nIndeed, there does seem to be a demand for the more rounded leaders such diversity might create. A study by Mannaz, a leadership development company, suggests that, while the bully-boy chief executive of old may not have been eradicated   completely, there is a definite shift in emphasis towards less tough styles of management--at least in America and Europe. Perhaps most significant, according to Mannaz, is the increasing interest large companies have in more collaborative   management models, such as those prevalent   in Scandinavia, which seek to integrate the hard and soft aspects of leadership and encourage delegated responsibility and accountability.", "id": "high4614.txt"}