{"answers": ["B", "D", "D", "C"], "options": [["sub-Saharan Africa has the world's highest hunger rate", "African farmers have ideas to help fighting hunger and poverty", "women farmers grow vegetables in the Kibera settlement", "women farmers grow vegetables to send their children to school."], ["the women spend more money on education instead of farming", "more and more African people should live in and around cities", "researchers find creative ideas to feed the people suffering hunger", "people in the Western world do the same as the Africans have done"], ["Farmers in developing world often lose some of their harvest", "Small farmers in developing countries often suffer poverty.", "Farmers should pay more attention to protecting their harvest", "Attention should be paid to saving food instead of producing food"], ["A New Report About African Farmers Fighting Hunger", "Creative Ideas to Feed Those Who Have No Enough Food", "Looking to Africa for Ideas About How to Fight Hunger", "Animals That Can Survive Heat and Drought Conditions"]], "questions": ["We could learn from the new report in Para.1 that  _  .", "Ms Nierenberg suggests that  _  .", "Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage?", "The best title of this passage should be  _  ."], "article": "Sub-Saharan Africa has the world's highest hunger rate. But according to a new report, African farmers also have ideas that could help the world fight hunger and poverty. Danielle Nierenberg from the Worldwatch Institute in Washington spent a year visiting twenty-five countries south of the Sahara. In Nairobi, Kenya, for example, Ms Nierenberg found women farmers growing vegetables just outside their doorsteps in the Kibera settlement. She says they are finding ways to make their lives better. The women feed their families and sell their _ They use the money to send their children to school.\nLast year, about 925,000,000 people worldwide did not get enough to eat. Half of all people in the world now live in and around cities. Researchers like Ms Nierenberg are looking increasingly at creative ideas to feed those who don't have enough good food to eat. She says there are a lot of lessons that people in the Western world can learn from Africa. And what they are doing can certainly be done in other developing countries.\nFarmers in the developing world lose between twenty and forty percent of their harvest before it ever reaches market. There are many reasons why food gets wasted. Farmers are without electricity and cold storage. They lack good seeds and fertilizer. They lack good roads. Conditions like these keep small farmers in poverty. Ms Nierenberg says more attention needs to be paid to protecting harvests. She says, \"Given all that we invest in producing food in the first place, we need to devote the same amount of attention to making sure that it is not wasted.\"\nIn Nigeria, village processing centers are helping farmers reduce their losses and earn more money. They centers process cassava, a root vegetable, into basic food products. In Uganda, the Worldwatch report says some schools are teaching children how to grow local kinds of crops. And in South Africa and Kenya the report praises the breeding  of local kinds of livestock. These animals may produce less milk or meat than other breeds, but they can survive heat and drought conditions.", "id": "high4632.txt"}