{"answers": ["C", "D"], "options": [["People with high obesity have a lower risk of early death than people with low obesity", "People with overweight have a greater risk of early death than people of normal weight.", "People with mild obesity are less likely to die than people of normal weight.", "People with obesity live much longer than people of normal weight."], ["BMI is commonly used to measure body fat as a ratio of height to weight.", "Not all people with a little higher BMI are fat .", "Many public health experts encourage more people to use BMI as a way to predict the risk of health problem", "Because of the ne w findings, people should think about gaining extra weight."]], "questions": ["According to the new findings, the researchers found that   _   .", "Which of the following statements is not true according to the passage?"], "article": "New research shows that overweight or even mildly obese people have a lower risk of early death than people considered to be normal weight.\nResearchers examined the results of 97 studies. Most of the studies were less than 10 years old. They included almost three million adults from around the world, including the United States, Canada, China, Taiwan, Brazil, India and Mexico.\nThe researchers at the National Center for Health Statistics found that people who are considered overweight or slightly obese were five to six percent less likely to die from all causes than people of normal weight. People with higher obesity ratings, however, had almost a 30 percent greater risk of death compared to normal-weight individuals.\nKatherine Flegal was the lead author of the study. She says she was not surprised that overweight people would not have a higher risk of death.\n\"Because we'd actually already read a lot of this literature and realized it was likely that mortality rates   for overweight would be at least not higher than normal weight. I guess I was a little bit surprised that it was definitely lower. And I was also surprised that the lower rates of obesity also didn't seem to differ from normal weight.\"\nBut she says the difference in death rates appears to be small between normal-weight people and those who are overweight or mildly obese.\nThe study has raised new questions about \"body mass index,\"  or BMI. This is a measurement of body fat as a ratio  of height to weight. In recent years, many public health experts have promoted body mass index as a way to predict the risk of health problems. Bu t a person's BMI can be misleading in some cases.\nSteven Heymsfield ,the executive director of the Pennington Biomedical Research Center, says people can be physically fit and in good health, but might weigh more because they are more muscular.\nStill, Dr. Heymsfield says people should not think gaining extra weight is OK just because of the new findings. He says being at a healthy weight lowers the risk for heart disease and diabetes .", "id": "high4634.txt"}