{"answers": ["A", "B", "C"], "options": [["shot and killed Mr. Ward by accident", "shot and killed Mr. Ward deliberately", "fired a bullet that killed Ward from the sky", "were experienced professional murders"], ["He was monitoring Jenna's whereabouts  .", "He was probably feeling upset and guilty.", "He wanted to make sure that Ward was dead.", "He wanted to show sympathy for the Wards."], ["Michael lent the gun to Joe at his birthday party", "the gun together with a CD player was stolen from Joe's car", "Michael hid the gun under the wood pile in his backyard", "the Sergeant discovered the bullet in the wood pile"]], "questions": ["It can be inferred from the story that Michael and Joe   _  .", "Why did Michael sit on the steps of the church every night?", "From the passage we can learn that   _  ."], "article": "Michael froze as he heard the voice on the radio saying that a man had been murdered by a bullet that had come from the sky. Thinking that the shot they had fired possibly was the shot that killed Mr. Ward, he immediately drove off. For the next two months, Michael and Joe hid the secret that the bullet had actually shot Mr. Ward.\nDuring this time, Jenna Ward started to realize life without her father. While Jenna mourned the death of her father, a strange boy started to appear at the front steps of the church. After many nights of watching this boy, she finally recognized that it was Michael who was sitting on the steps every night.\nAfter months of finding out where the shot came, the police arrived at Michael's house. His dad mentioned the gun that Michael had received from his grandpa at his birthday party. Michael told the police that Joe had borrowed the gun. Upon this, Joe said that the gun had been stolen out of his car along with his CD player. After the police were gone, Michael met Joe and told Joe the gun was under the wood pile in his backyard.\nOne day , Michael came home to find the police searching his backyard with metal detectors .When the Sergeant went into the woods behind the house , he came out with a bullet that Joe and he had shot off on his birthday .The bullet matched the one that they had recovered from Mr Ward , but without the gun , the police could not place Michael as the killer.\nWith the pressure increasing .Michael finally broke down and realized he had to give up .On a Saturday morning , he went to Jenna's house to confess  to her and her mother and then turned himself in .", "id": "high4635.txt"}