{"answers": ["C", "A", "B"], "options": [["A soft plastic cup.", "A pencil eraser.", "A baby milk bottle.", "A new perfume."], ["through mouth or nose", "through blood transfusion", "by feeling plastic products", "by heating in the microwave"], ["A new ban on plastic products.", "Problems caused by the plastic.", "Good points of the plastic.", "The use of plasticizers."]], "questions": ["Which of the following products contains BPA?", "Phthalates and BPA can get into us   _  .", "What is the passage mainly about?"], "article": "Plastic is everywhere because plastic is an extremely useful material. It is cheap, strong and lightweight. What's more, it can take on nearly any form or shape, from soft and stretchy   to hard and glasslike.\nPlastic, however, is far from perfect. It may even be bad for us. Studies now suggest that poisonous chemicals can get out of some types of plastic, get into our bodies, and cause a variety of health problems, including cancer, birth defects and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder  .\nTwo types of chemicals in particular have raised special concern lately. They are called phthalates   and Bisphenol-A  , BPA for short. Not all plastic products contain them. But the ones that do are surrounded by controversy  . That's because experts disagree on how dangerous these chemicals are.\nPlastic is a single word, but plastic isn't just one thing. What all plastics share in common are plasticizers -- special chemicals that allow the material to be changed into nearly any shape or texture. Plasticizers   are added to plastic during the manufacturing process.\nPhthalates and BPA are two types of plasticizers that work in different ways. Phthalates add softness to things like shampoo bottles, raincoats and rubber. They are also used in perfumes and makeup. BPA, on the other hand, gives a hard, clear, almost glasslike feel to products such as infant bottles. BPA also appears in food and soda cans, DVDs and other unexpected places.\nHow do these chemicals get into us? When plastic is heated in the microwave or dishwasher, chewed on or scratched, the chemicals can seep   out of the plastic. Even though we can't see them, we eat them, drink them and breathe them in.\nScientists and parents are especially worried about young children, who tend to chew on everything, including plastic. Dozens of countries, including the European Union, Japan, Canada and Mexico have already banned phthalates from products made for children younger than three. California and Washington have done the same. And a number of other states are considering similar rules. As for BPA, Canada became the first country to ban the chemical from baby bottles. A dozen states are considering it.", "id": "high4639.txt"}