{"answers": ["B", "C"], "options": [["The young man felt sad for Christine Hoffman because of her poor experience", "The young man was persuaded by Christine Hoffman and decided to live on", "Christine Hoffman made the young man sad and he cried", "Christine Hoffman offered to give the young man a little money to help him"], ["How to become a volunteer", "An excellent volunteer and her family", "Volunteers and their amazing work", "What the Canadian Red Cross does"]], "questions": ["What can we infer from what Christine Hoffman said?", "What is the text mainly about?"], "article": "This week is National Volunteer Week, a time for the Canadian Red Cross to recognize our dedicated   volunteers who devote their time and talents from coast to coast. Over the course of the week we will use this blog to share stories about our volunteers and the amazing work they do --- a small part of the outstanding individuals across the country.\nTake Saskatchewan for example. Last year that province was hit by wide-spread flooding, a hurricane and forest fires. Canadian Red Cross staff and volunteers went to work right away and helped more than 2,100 adults and 775 children recover the basic necessities of life.\nIt's important to share stories from volunteers to truly appreciate what they do. Christine Hoffman is a Disaster Response Volunteer in Canadian Red Cross in Saskatchewan. She's a _ Red Crosser for about 16 years. Still nothing could have prepared her for the call she took in the Recovery Center last year in response to flooding in Maple Greek. This story is best told in her own words. This is what she said:\n\"I will never forget the first phone call I took in the Recovery Centre. A young man called asking what services Red Cross was offering in town. As we were talking, he told me he had a rope in his backyard but he thought he would be using it for other reasons. _ I told him to come to see us so we could work together on a plan to improve his situation. He came in a little while later. Nearly two hours later he left standing straight up with tear- filled eyes. He thanked me for convincing him to come in. His home had been destroyed, but together we put together a plan and he was eventually able to move back into his own home.\"\nDuring National Volunteer Week 2011, let's thank Christine, and the many other volunteers like her. Thanks for making us proud!", "id": "high4640.txt"}