{"answers": ["B", "B", "C", "A", "A"], "options": [["a peasant", "a village", "an old mountain", "a Mexican"], ["Paracutin is not active now.", "Paracutin is the first volcano in the world.", "Paracutin did not exist until the early 1940s.", "It took Paracutin 10 years to grow to its present size."], ["The little hill of stone.", "The villagers living close by.", "The forest and fields round Paracutin.", "The Mexican peasant and his wife."], ["tell us an interesting happening", "explain a scientific theory", "make us believe something", "make up an interesting story"], ["New volcanoes may appear in places where people do not expect them to be", "Volcanoes are always growing.", "Volcanoes are active from time to time.", "New volcanoes are active for only ten years."]], "questions": ["Paracutin was once the name of  _  .", "Which of the following statements is NOT true?", "What was destroyed in the growing up of the volcano?", "In this passage the writer is trying to  _  .", "What can we learn about volcanoes from this passage?"], "article": "Paracutin was born in Mexico in February, 1943. At the end of one week Paracutin was 500 feet high, and it is now over 9,000 feet high. Today Paracutin is asleep.\nWhat is Paracutin? It was the first volcano  in the world which was seen from its birth right up to the present day. On February 20, 1943, a peasant and his wife set out to work in their corn fields from the Mexican village of Paracutin. They were surprised to find the earth warm under their feet. Suddenly they heard noises deep in the earth and a small hole appeared in their field. In the afternoon there was a sudden loud noise and stones were thrown high in the air. The peasants ran from the field and turned to watch. They saw the birth of a volcano.\nLarge quantities of stone and lava broke out and a little hill began to form. By evening this hill was 100 feet high and hot ashes were falling on the village. At night the strong light of the hot lava lit up the countryside. The trees near the village were killed and the villagers had to leave their houses. When the village was destroyed, its name was given to the volcano. The news quickly reached Mexico City, far to the east. Many people came to watch the scene. The volcano grew and grew for ten years and hundreds of square miles of forest were destroyed. Then Paracutin went to sleep.", "id": "high4643.txt"}