{"answers": ["D", "B", "A", "D"], "options": [["Jet Ski Tours of Miami", "Coconut's Watersports", "15\nthStreet Boat Company", "American Watersports"], ["Go to the Sea Gardens Beach Resort.", "Visit 15\nthStreet Boat Company.", "Choose Jet Ski Tours of Miami.", "Visit Coconut's Watersports."], ["One must be at least 14 years old.", "One must wear bathing suits and shorts.", "One apply plenty of sun block.", "One must stay with parents."], ["You would like to rent a boat to ride with him.", "You prefer a luxury boat with comfortable seats with a stereo.", "You'd like to choose American Watersports.", "You prefer the tour to Bayside and Hard Rock."]], "questions": ["You should especially protect yourself from sun burnt while visiting  _  .", "Which of the following can help you enjoy sailing a boat?", "What's a necessary requirement to ride alone in the Jet Ski activities?", "What will you do to satisfy your son's curiously about marine animals?"], "article": "American Watersports    Tuesday-Saturday\nLocated on the beach of the Sea Gardens Beach Resort, there are fun things to rent for the whole family. They offer rentals for kayaks, jet skis, and even parasail! Enjoy the water up-close or from a bird's eye view! No matter what activity you're enjoying, be sure to protect yourself and your family from the sun's powerful rays and apply plenty of sun block!\n15thStreet Boat Company Monday-Saturday\n15thStreet Boat Company offers rental boats of all kinds. They're sure to have what you are looking for, whether it's a small boat for a quick and simple outing or an extravagant boat with comfortable seats with a stereo and high tech navigation. You can rent a boat for half a day or a couple of days, or even weeks at a time. If you want it, they've got it. It's fun for everyone!\nCoconut's Watersports     9am-5pm Monday through Sunday\nCoconut's Watersports is open 7 days a week for your convenience and offers tons of water fun for the whole family. Jet Ski activities last 30 minutes or 1 hour and can make stops along the way. You must be at least 14 years of age to ride alone and can be as young as 3 to ride along with an adult. Everybody is required to wear a life jacket and a license is required to operate the Jet Ski. Bathing suits and shorts are recommended.\nJet Ski Tours of Miami     Thursday-Sunday 10am-7pm\nJet Ski Tours of Miami includes onsite parking, indoor restrooms, lockers, and life jackets for participants. You may choose a one or two tour and each Jet Ski can hold up to 3 people. You must be at least 18 years old in order to ride. As long as you are accompanied by an adult, there is no age limitation for any passenger. There is a restaurant nearby to eat at. The tour visits 6 different islands and passes by Bayside and Hard Rock. You may even catch a glimpse of dolphins or a manatee resting in these fabulous Florida waters.", "id": "high4649.txt"}