{"answers": ["B", "A", "B", "A"], "options": [["Teachers.", "Parents.", "Students.", "Experts."], ["can be a good choice for some desperate parents", "can completely help and change troubled teens", "are becoming popular with teens in trouble", "care more about discipline than life skills"], ["provide children with more freedom", "have their students' time managed carefully", "pay much attention to team building exercises", "can make children feel safer"], ["To introduce schools for troubled teens.", "To show some problems of troubled teens.", "To teach parents how to educate their children.", "To remind parents to care for their children."]], "questions": ["Who would be the intended readers of the passage?", "As the author suggests, schools for troubled teens  _  .", "According to the passage, boarding schools  _  .", "What's the purpose of this passage?"], "article": "The parents of a troubled teen may feel unsure as to whom to turn to in order to find help for their child. They may feel as if they have exhausted all of their options, and sometimes they are on the verge of giving up. But there is hope. Schools for troubled teens offer discipline and in some cases, drug treatment programs that can provide important life skills, and more importantly, a fresh start.\nThe following is a list of the most effective types of schools for troubled teens. Not every facility is a match for every child, but by knowing the differences between them, parents can make a better educated decision about where to send their teenager.\nBoarding Schools\nWhen a child is unable to deal with the relative freedom of a standard school day, boarding schools might be a good choice. At boarding schools, the child lives in a dorm setting, where almost every minute of the day is scheduled by school administrators.\nTreatment Centers\nWhen a teenager has an addiction to drugs or alcohol, a residential center that specializes in young people is an outstanding way to help them break the cycle of addiction. Treatment centers feature individual and group counseling to help identify the root causes of the drug problem and help develop the life skills needed to stay clean when the program is over.\nWilderness Programs\nDesigned to help improve the discipline and self-reliance of the child, wilderness programs send kids back to nature. By placing them in a foreign and sometimes uncomfortable setting, wilderness programs hope to improve children's behavior. Programs generally include hikes, exercise programs and team building exercises.\nBoot Camps\nBoot camps are the most extreme style of school for troubled teens. These facilities are modeled after actual military boot camps, where the individual must get into shape, work as part of a team, and follow a long, hard set of rules and regulations. However, boot camps might not be the best choice for a teen with a drug addiction.", "id": "high4651.txt"}