{"answers": ["C", "C"], "options": [["is easy to operate", "has been fully developed", "has many products attached to it", "has already replaced normal TV sets"], ["they are not necessary", "they are bound to be replaced", "3D TV might not be here to stay", "3D technology needs improving"]], "questions": ["We know from the text that 3D TV  _  .", "The examples of the HD DVD player and CD are to show  _  ."], "article": "With the popularity of 3D movies over the past several years , there was no doubt that the technology would make its way into our homes, The question is: Is it really a technology that is going to stay with us , thus deserving an upgrade  at this time?\nMany families have recently bought a new TV set, and the idea of changing it just to take advantage of a technology in its infancy will put many people off the idea. Then there are the additional costs that come along with a 3Dset from needing to get a Blu-ray player that can process the signal to purchasing enough glasses for the entire family to be able to watch a program at the same time.\nAnother issue is that the glasses are expensive as well as complicated, and have also been known to cause headaches, none of which makes for a pleasant experience.\nWhile manufacturers are working towards glasses-free technology, it just isn't here yet, and it could be several years before it is commercially successful. That is one of main things that will keep 3D completely in the \"fashion\" zone for the time being . If the television manufacturers are willing to hold onto the idea until glasses-free choices are available--and they can reach a higher installed user base--this might very well catch on. Everyone needs to remember, however, that these are businesses, and they are in it to make money. If 3D isn't selling at the rate they are comfortable with, then they will dump it and move on to the next thing.\nMany homes are filled with products that didn't catch on rapidly and companies ended up leaving them with no support. Do you have an HD DVD player? Remember how the MiniDisc was supposed to replace the CD? For now, it's easy to see how 3D televisions could join this list of technologies.\nThere is one _ to the 3D television problem: They have beautiful 2D images. Even if 3D goes away, you still have a great -looking screen and beautiful images. If you are in the market for a new TV and you can afford to drop the couple extra hundred dollars to buy one, you can view it as guaranteeing your purchase in case the technology proves to be effective.", "id": "high4683.txt"}