{"answers": ["B", "A", "C", "D", "B"], "options": [["Research on the Brain", "Men and Women are Different in Brain", "People's Different Brains", "Who Are Better, Boys or Girls"], ["The different brains make", "Sex makes", "The different experiences make", "The influences  of society make"], ["mathematics", "physics", "English", "chemistry"], ["The left side of brain in boys generally develops better than that in girls.", "The left side of brain in girls generally develops better than that in boys.", "Men are better than women in all things.", "The area in girls used for language skills develops better."], ["is the same as women's", "is different from women's", "is larger than women's", "is twice as large as women's"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is the best title of the article?", "_   men and women think differently.", "According to the article, girls are generally better than boys at   _   in your school.", "Which of the following is true?", "60. The number of nerves connecting the two sides of the brain in men   _  ."], "article": "In the past ten years, many scientists have studied the differences between men and women. And they all got the same answer: The sexes  are different, because their brains are different. And this, the scientists say, makes men and women see the world in different ways.\nBoys, for example, generally are better than girls at mathematical ideas. Boys also generally are better than girls at the kind of hand and eye movements necessary for ball sports. Girls, on the other hand generally start speaking earlier than boys. And they generally see better in the dark than boys and are better at learning foreign languages.\nWhat makes men and women better at one thing or another? The answer is the brain. The brain has two sides connected by nerve  tracks. The left side generally is used for mathematics, speech and writing. The right side is used for artistic creation  and the expression for emotions . In men and women, different areas in each side of the brain develop differently. In boys, for example, it's the area used for mathematics. In girls, it is the area used for language skills. Another interesting difference is that the two sides of a man's brain are connected by a smaller number of nerves than the two sides of a woman's brain are.", "id": "high4688.txt"}