{"answers": ["D", "B", "A", "C"], "options": [["To get close to a butterfly.", "To look over the bad situation.", "To escape a sudden attack.", "To avoid getting his shoes dirty."], ["Making the attacker pause.", "Being attacked by a butterfly.", "Being stepped on by his mate.", "Discovering the energetic butterfly."], ["what he should do when faced with trouble", "people should show sympathy to the weak", "how he should deal with attacks", "people should protect butterflies"], ["Careless.", "Amusing.", "Courageous.", "Aggressive."]], "questions": ["Why did the writer change his direction while walking down a path?", "What made the man feel funny?", "From this experience the man learned  _  .", "Which of the following words can best describe the butterfly?"], "article": "Walking down a path through some woods in Georgia, I saw a small pool of water ahead on the path. I angled my direction to go around it on the part of the path that wasn't covered by water or mud. As I reached the pool, I was suddenly attacked! Yet I did nothing for the attack. It was so unpredictable and from somewhere totally unexpected. I was surprised as well as unhurt though I had been struck four or five times. I backed up a foot and my attacker stopped attacking me. Had I been hurt I wouldn't have found it amusing. And I was laughing. After all, I was being attacked by a butterfly!\nHaving stopped, laughing, I took a step forward. My attacker rushed me again. He charged towards me at full speed, attempting to hurt me but in vain. For a second time, I took a step backwards while my attacker paused. I wasn't sure what to do. After all, it's just not everyday that one is attacked by a butterfly. I stepped back to look the situation over. My attacker moved back to land on the ground. That's when I discovered why my attacker was charging me only moments earlier. He had a mate and she was dying.\nSitting close beside her, he opened and closed his wings as if to fan her. I could only admire the love and courage of that butterfly in his concern for his mate. He had taken it up on himself to attack me for his mate's sake  , even though she was clearly dying and I was so large. He did so just to give her those extra few precious moments of life, should I have been careless enough to step on her. His courage in attacking something thousands of times larger and heavier than himself just for his mate's safety seemed admirable. I couldn't do anything other than reward him by walking on the more difficult side of the pool. He had truly earned those moments to be with her, undisturbed.\nSince then, I've always tried to remember the courage of that butterfly whenever I see huge barriers facing me.", "id": "high4694.txt"}