{"answers": ["A", "D", "A"], "options": [["Going Green.", "Protecting the Planet.", "Keeping Open-Minded", "Celebrating Our Green Year."], ["they were expected to follow the green fad", "they didn't know how to educate other people", "they were unwilling to reduce their energy", "they needed to perform unusual green tasks"], ["They tried to get out of their ungreen habits.", "They ignore others' ungreen behavior.", "They chose better chemical cleaners.", "They sold their home-made food."]], "questions": ["What might be the best title for the passage?", "It was difficult for the couple to live a green life for the whole year because  _  .", "What did the couple do over the course of Our Green Year?"], "article": "Going green seems to be fad for a lot of people these days. Whether that is good or bad, we can't really say, but for the tow of us, going green is not a fad but a lifestyle.\nOn April22, 2011, we decided to go green every single day for an entire year. This meant doing 365 different green things, and it also meant challenging ourselves to go green beyond easy things. Rather than recycle and reduce our energy, we had to think of 365 different green things to do and this was no easy task.\nWith the idea of going green every single day for a year, Our Green Year started. My life and I decided to educate people about how they could go green in their lives and hoped we could show people all the green things that could be done to help the environment. We wanted to push the message that every little bit helps.\nOver the course of Our Green Year, we completely changed our lifestyle. We now shop at organic stores. We consume less meat, choosing green food. We have greatly reduced our buying we don't need. We have given away half of what we owned through websites. Our home is kept clean by vinegar and lemon juice, with no chemical cleaners. We make our own butter, enjoying the smell of home-made fresh bread. In our home office anyone caught doing something ungreen might be punished.\nOur minds have been changed by Our Green Year. We are grateful for the chance to have been able to go green and educate others. We believe that we do have the power to change things and help our planet.", "id": "high4703.txt"}