{"answers": ["D", "C", "C"], "options": [["Belly dances", "American soldiers", "Spanish city", "the capital of Argentina"], ["It was created by foreigners from Spain and Italy.", "People of the upper classes loved the tango most.", "It was often danced by two male in the beginning.", "A dancer in Seoul became the Argentinean ambassador."], ["America.", "Japan.", "France.", "South Korea."]], "questions": ["The origin of the tango is associated with   _  .", "Which of the following is true about the tango?", "Before World War I, the tango spread to   _  ."], "article": "Argentina in the late nineteenth century was an exciting place. Around 1870,it was experiencing an economic  boom, and the capital, Buenos Aires, attracted many people. Farmers, as well as a flood of foreigners from Spain and Italy, came to Buenos Aires seeking jobs. These jobs didn't pay well, and the people felt lonely and disappointed with their new life in the city. As the unhappy newcomers mixed together in the poor parts of the city, the dance known an the tango  came into being.\nAt the beginning the tango was a dance of the lower classes. It was danced in the bars and streets. At that time there many fewer women the men, so if a man didn't want to be left out, his only choice was to dance with another man so that he could attract the attention of the few available women. Gradually, the dance spread into the upper classes of Argentinean society and became more respectable.\nIn Europe at this time, strong interest in dance from around the world was beginning. This interest in international dance was especially evident in Paris. Every kind of dance from ballet  to belly dancing could be found on the stages of the Paris theaters of the Paris theaters. After tango dances from Argentina arrive in Europe, they began to draw the interest of the public as they performed their exciting dance in cafes. Though not everyone approved of the new dance, saying it was a little too shocking, the dance did find enough supporters to make it popular.\nThe popularity  of the tango continued to grow in many other parts of the world. Soldiers who returned to the United States from World War I brought the tango to North America. It reached Japan in 1926, and in 2003 the Argentinean embassy in Seoul hired a local tango dancer to act an a kind of dance ambassador, and promote tango dancing throughout South Korea.", "id": "high4704.txt"}