{"answers": ["B", "B", "D", "D", "A"], "options": [["120 years", "about half a century", "100 years", "about half a year"], ["Miss World Beauty Contest first began in China.", "Women were not allowed to show their beauty in China.", "120 women took part in Beauty Contest last week.", "Miss World was 54 years old."], ["Chinese women are not allowed to display beauty", "the winner of Miss World is not as beautiful as his wife", "some men are not shouting for the right person", "people can accept a beauty contest in China now"], ["contestants' qualities are more important than their physical appearance", "a Mr. World Contest should be held instead of a Miss World Contest", "a boy should stand by a fancy car", "women's social status is still low"], ["What about a Mr. World Contest?", "History of Miss World Contest.", "Quality or Appearance?", "A Boy Standing beside a Fancy Car."]], "questions": ["Miss World Beauty Contest in Britain has a history of   _  .", "Which of the following is TRUE to the passage?", "According to the writer,  _  .", "From the passage we can know the writer thinks that   _  .", "The best title for this passage is   _  ."], "article": "It may be one of Britain's most successful exports - Miss World. This 53-year-old event took place in China last week and attracted over 120 women worldwide with knockout looks in a mad struggle for the crown.\nTraditional values have long kept the Chinese, especially women, from displaying beauty. But Chinese people have now changed their attitude toward beauty contest, although some men will still be shouting that the winner is no more beautiful than his wife or his former girl friend or even his mother in a sour tone. But such men are not shouting for the right reason. The question to be asked is : Why isn't there a Mr. World Beauty Contest?\nAnd a further question to be asked is: Does taking part in a beauty contest show a woman's  courage, wisdom and liberation or rather the opposite - a forced choice and a revolting act made under conditions of long-term discrimination?\nOrganizers of such beauty contests claim that the contestants are judged on qualities other than just their physical appearance. But still no answer is given to why there isn't a Mr. Beauty or a Mr. World Contest? Or at least, why isn't that kind of contest popular? Why is it that only women's \"qualities\" need to be recognized but not men's?\nThink about who is always standing beside a fancy car on show? Is it a boy or a girl? And this is how \"qualities\" are judged: if the girl looks good, there is little reason why the car beside her is not of high quality.\nThe beauty contests go on year after year, with winners enjoying fame which quickly disappears. While such events go on and on, what never changes is the routine practice that in every fancy car show, a girl stands beside a fancy car. What never changes is the need to hold a women's conference every year to appeal for the promotion of respect for and improvement of women. What never changes is the fate of women as a class. So let's put more time and resources into trying to change all this rather than holding beauty contests.", "id": "high4714.txt"}