{"answers": ["D", "C", "C", "D"], "options": [["Film Making.", "Dance.", "Climbing Adventure.", "Cook's Academy."], ["You will go outdoors with your friends to practice climbing.", "You will visit many local dangerous cliffs.", "You will learn climbing both indoor and outdoor.", "You will only learn climbing skills during the holiday."], ["Climbing Adventure and Cook's Academy", "Film Making and Climbing Adventure", "Cook's Academy and Film Making", "Dance and Film Making"], ["Parents are looking forward to the next PGL holiday.", "You need experience when taking Cook's Academy holiday.", "You will spend every day learning all kinds of dances.", "You can create your own film in Film Making holiday."]], "questions": ["Which is the new PGL holiday for 2013?", "What will you do during the Climbing Adventure holiday?", "In which two holidays can you take something home?", "Which of the following is true according to the passage?"], "article": "PGL kids everywhere, will tell you that we are the best when it comes to thrills, challenges and adventures - all rolled into one fantastic holiday! Children leave PGL with loads of more friends and interests and feel more confident - they'll be counting the days until their next PGL holiday! For childcare voucher  information, please click here.\nClimbing Adventure\nThis holiday will teach you how to independently climb! At the end of the week you'll get to use all your new skills when you visit a local cliff for some outdoor crag climbing. We make the best use of all our activities including Climbing, Abseiling, Trapeze, Zip Wire and Jacob's Ladder to teach you all the right rope work and climbing skills. Throughout the holiday you will work towards the National Indoor Climbing Achievement Scheme and by the end of the holiday you will have achieved Level 2.\nCook's Academy\nOur brand new holiday for 2013! Come along and learn how to cook with a top chef! Whether you've never cooked before or are a bit of a pro, this holiday will have you cooking a variety of tasty dishes and treats. No experience is required as our professional chef will pass on their knowledge so you can develop from any level of experience. What's more, you'll get your very own recipe book containing everything you've learnt and will be able to take a dish home to impress your friends and family.\nDance\nThis holiday is an excellent opportunity to try loads of different dance styles. You'll spend half of each day learning different types of dance, everything from salsa to ballroom dancing and street dance to jive. Throughout the week your instructors will give you lots of tips and advice as well as helping you prepare a dance routine to impress your friends when you perform at the end of the week.\nFilm Making\nYou and your group will be able to choose what type of film to make - adventure, fantasy, thriller or comedy and then you'll become a film crew, creating your own blockbuster ready to show to everyone else at the end of the week. You will find out what's involved in directing a movie and have the chance to edit your film using professional editing software. What's more, you'll have your film on DVD to take home with you too!", "id": "high4717.txt"}