{"answers": ["D", "C", "B"], "options": [["Charles' family life", "a girl's adventurous experience", "a magical world called wonderland", "the birth of a book and its lasting influences"], ["The writer published his works under his real name.", "The character Alice was based on from George's child.", "John contributed partly to the popularity of the book.", "Charles offered a copy to George as a present."], ["Queen Victoria asked for a few of Charles' writings", "Charles was good at reasoning and writing", "Charles had his works translated into fifty languages", "The Matrix was based on Alice's Adventures in Wonderland"]], "questions": ["The passage is mainly about   _  .", "Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage?", "We can learn from the passage that   _  ."], "article": "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland is one of the most loved children's books of all time, and many adults enjoy it as well. It tells the story of a young girl named Alice, who follows a rabbit entering a magical world called Wonderland: she has many experiences which seem to change the rules of reasoning or common sense. The popularity of the book comes from its imagination, interesting story, and art work.\nThe writer of the book is Lewis Carroll. In fact, Lewis Carroll was not the writer's real name. His real name was Charles Dodgson. One day, he took a boat ride down the Thames River to have a picnic with three little girls who were friends of the family. To keep them entertained on the ride, he told them a story in which Alice, the middle child, was the main character. They enjoyed the story very much.\nCharles later wrote the story down under the name Alice's Adventures under Ground and gave it to Alice as a Christmas present. Later, he gave a copy to his friend George MacDonald. George read it to his children and they loved it. George suggested to Charles that he make a book from his story. Charles then wrote more parts to the story until it was around 35,000 words. It was first printed in 1866, with art work by John Tenniel, under the name Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. The book was an immediate success.\nOne of its first fans was Queen Victoria. She immediately requested a collection of all of Lewis Carroll's works. She was surprised to find that they included many works on math. In fact, Charles Dodgson was a highly respected mathematician. This can be seen in many puzzles and plays on reasoning that appear in his books and poems.\nSince the story was first printed, it has kept selling up to the present day. It has been translated into over fifty languages and has had several movies based on it. The story is even mentioned in the popular 1999 film The Matrix by the character Morpheus.", "id": "high4721.txt"}