{"answers": ["C", "D", "A"], "options": [["Some of Dr Seuss' books for children.", "What are Dr Seuss's books mainly about?", "Dr Seuss -- a famous writer of children's books.", "Why are Dr Seuss' books different?"], ["It was Dr Seuss' worst book.", "It dealt with a very serious subject.", "Neither children nor adults like it.", "Many publishers didn't accept his book at first."], ["interesting", "serious", "difficult", "boring"]], "questions": ["What's the best title for this passage?", "What do we know about Dr Seuss's first book for children?", "Adults most probably think that Dr Seuss' The Cat in the Hat is   _"], "article": "Theodor Seuss Geisel was born in Springfield, Massachusetts in 1904. He was famous because of the books he wrote for children. They combine funny words, pictures, and social opinions.\nDr Seuss wrote his first book for children in 1937. It is called And to Think That I Saw It on Mulberry Street. A number of publishers refused to publish it. They said it was too different. A friend finally published it. Soon other successful books followed. Over the years, he wrote more than forty children's books. They were fun to read. Yet his books sometimes dealt with serious subjects.\nBy the middle 1940s, Dr Seuss had become one of the best-loved and most successful writers of children's books. He liked helping children. In 1954, Life magazine published a report about school children who could not read. The report said that many children's books weren't interesting. Dr Seuss decided to write books that were interesting and easy to read.\nIn 1957, Dr Seuss wrote The Cat in the Hat. He used less than 225 words to write the book. This was about the number of words a six-year-old should be able to read.\nThe story is about a cat who tries to entertain two children on a rainy day while their mother is away from home. The cat is not like normal cats. It talks. The book was an immediate success. It was an interesting story and was easy to read. Children loved it. Their parents loved it, too. Today many adults say it is still one of the stories they like best.", "id": "high4729.txt"}