{"answers": ["B", "C"], "options": [["Candidates have to wear what companies prefer for an interview.", "What to wear is not a matter of personal choice for companies.", "Companies sometimes have to change to respect their candidates.", "Hiring managers make the best impression on their candidates."], ["Employees Matter", "Personal Choices Matter", "Appearances Matter", "Hiring Managers Matter"]], "questions": ["What can be inferred from the text?", "Which of the following would be the best title for the text?"], "article": "Spring is coming, and it is time for those about to graduate to look for jobs. Competition is tough, so job seekers must carefully consider their personal choices. Whatever we are wearing,our family and friends may accept us, but the workplace may not.\nA high school newspaper editor said it is unfair for companies to discourage visible tattoos  nose rings, or certain dress styles. It is true you can't judge a book by its cover, yet people do \"cover\" themselves in order to convey  certain messages. What we wear, including tattoos and nose rings, is an expression of who we are. Just as people convey messages about themselves with their appearances, so do companies. Dress standards exist in the business world for a number of reasons, but the main concern is often about what customers accept.\nOthers may say how to dress is a matter of personal freedom, but for businesses it is more about whether to make or lose money. Most employers do care about the personal appearances of their employees  ,because those people represent the companies to their customers.\nAs a hiring manager I am paid to choose the people who would make the best impression on our customers. There are plenty of well-qualified candidates, so it is not wrong to reject someone who might disappoint my customers. Even though I am open-minded, I can't expect all our customers are.\nThere is nobody to blame but yourself if your set of choices does not match that of your preferred employer. No company should have to change to satisfy a candidate simply because he or she is unwilling to respect its standards, as long as its standards are legal.", "id": "high474.txt"}