{"answers": ["C", "A", "B", "A"], "options": [["Expect us to travel around Delhi.", "Show his/her experiences in Delhi.", "Give some advice of traveling in Delhi.", "Explain the difficulties of traveling in Delhi."], ["Go to a police-run booth.", "Go out of the airport.", "Show your ticket to the driver.", "Pay more to the drivers to keep safe."], ["save some money", "gain some unique experience", "enjoy the comfortable trip", "help the local rickshaw drivers"], ["Car rentals in Delhi", "Food and drink in Delhi", "Weather conditions in Delhi", "Hotel recommendations in Delhi"]], "questions": ["What is the author trying to do through this text?", "What should you do to avoid being cheated when taking a taxi at the Delhi airport?", "The author suggests taking a rickshaw in order to   _  .", "Which may be the topic that follows?"], "article": "I've spent over a year in India, and in those 365 plus days, I've learned a lot about getting around Indian cities. My biggest lessons have been learned through being cheated, particularly by taxi and rickshaw   drivers, but that doesn't mean those are bad ways to travel, as long as you know what you're doing. Below are the best ways to get around the city of Delhi, India, and tips for how to keep from being the victim of scams  .\nTaking taxis is a great way to get around the city of Delhi and chances are, if you arrive in Delhi by plane, as soon as you make it through customs, you'll be swarmed by Indian taxi drivers. At the Delhi airport, be sure to arrange for a taxi to your hotel at one of the two Delhi Traffic Police Taxi Booths. One is inside the airport, and one is outside. The key is to make sure to go to a booth run by the police, rather than by independent taxi drivers.\nRickshaws are one of my favorite ways to get around Indian cities, partly because it's how the locals often travel. Auto-rickshaws are more common, but bicycle rickshaws are still used in Old Delhi. If you do have a chance to take a bicycle rickshaw, you should do it at least once for a unique experience that should only set you back about 15 rupees. Auto-rickshaw rates around Delhi range between 30 and 80 rupees, depending on distance.\nIf you really want to travel around Delhi like the locals, take a public bus. Indian buses become very crowded and most do not have air conditioning. They are, however, very cheap. A bus trip won't set you back any more than 15 rupees, as long as you stay within the city limits. Since Indian buses get so crowded, try to board the bus at the start of the route so you can get a seat.\nThe train is a great way to get around within the city of Delhi. Fares are reasonable, between six and 22 rupees. All departure announcements are in both Hindi and English, and tokens can be purchased for between six and 22 rupees.", "id": "high4743.txt"}