{"answers": ["B", "B", "A", "D"], "options": [["learn grammar very well", "input many sentences in your head", "read many books in the foreign language", "write many compositions"], ["Ability to understand a foreign language", "Ability to use a foreign language without thinking about it", "Ability to speak a foreign language", "Ability to imitate a native speaker"], ["Listening and Reading", "Writing and Listening", "Reading and Translating", "Listening and Translating"], ["You can speak your native language without think about grammar", "Before you can speak your native you must hear millions of sentences", "The input-based approach is the only way to speak a language fluently", "Grammar is no use at all"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, if you want to speak a foreign language like a native speaker, you must  _  .", "Which of the following sentences can explain the meaning of language intuition?", "In the author's view, what plays an important role in developing language intuition?", "According to the passage, which of the following statements is NOT true?"], "article": "Speaking in any language is all about imitating   other people. You want to be able to speak like native speakers do. Before you can form your own correct sentences, you first need to see lots of similar ones in the language you are learning.\nWhen you speak in your native language, you don't have to think about the grammar or the words you use. Correct sentences just come to you. In fact, your brain uses sentences you've already seen or heard. If you want to speak a foreign language fluently, you have to learn it the way you learned your native language--- by massive  input.\nReading and listening will help you develop language intuition . It's all about putting lots of correct sentences in your head. Then your brain can imitate them, producing similar sentences to express the meaning you want. When you read and listen a lot, paying attention to useful vocabulary, you will soon start to use new words and phrases in your speaking and writing, and you will develop language intuition. You will start to feel what sounds good and what sounds bad --- just as you do in your native language.\nIt may seem like you need more time to learn a language by reading and listening, as opposed  to learning based on grammar rules. For example, to get a good feeling for the use of articles in English you need to read lots of sentences, analyzing them closely. Wouldn't it be easier to read a unit on articles in a grammar book? Well, the problem is that it takes lots of time to build a sentence when you have to think of grammar rules. When you talk to someone, you don't have time for that. The input-based approach may seem to be more demanding, but it's the only way to achieve fluency.", "id": "high4748.txt"}