{"answers": ["D", "D", "A", "C", "B"], "options": [["they find foreign employees are usually more talented", "they need original ideas from employees hired overseas", "they want to expand their business beyond home borders", "they have difficulty finding qualified personnel at home"], ["is usually creative", "aims to improve his foreign language skills", "is dissatisfied with his own life at home", "seeks either his own or his children's development"], ["take cultural factors into consideration", "learn about the company's hiring process", "follow appropriate guidelines for job hunting", "know the employer's personal likes and dislikes"], ["stress their academic potential to impress the decision maker", "give the title of the university degree they have earned at home", "provide a detailed description of their study and work experiences", "emphasize their interest in pursuing a 'cross-border' career"], ["the different educational systems in the US and the UK", "the differences between the changes of English", "the receiver's preference with regard to the format", "the special characteristics of American and British cultures"]], "questions": ["Companies are hiring more foreign employees because   _  .", "The author believes that an individual who applies to work overseas   _  .", "When it comes to resume writing, it is best to   _  .", "When writing about qualifications, applicants are advised to   _  .", "According to the author's last piece of advice, the applicants should be aware of   _  ."], "article": "Interest in pursuing international careers has risen in recent years strengthened by permanent personnel shortages that are causing companies to search beyond their home borders for talent.\nProfessionals seek career experience outside of their home countries for a variety of reasons. They may feel the need to recharge their batteries with a new challenge. They may want a position with more responsibility that encourages creativity. Or they may wish to expose their children to another culture, and the opportunity to learn a second language.\nWhen applying for a job, one usually has to submit a resume or curriculum vitae (CV). The two terms generally mean the same thing: a one--or two--page document describing one's educational qualifications and professional experience. However, guidelines for preparing a resume are constantly changing. The best advice is to find out what is appropriate regarding the company culture, the country culture, and the culture of the person making the hiring decision. The challenge will be to include two or more cultures in one document. The following list is a good place to start.\n\"Educational requirements differ from country to country. In almost every case of 'cross--border' job hunting, just stating the title of your degree will not be an adequate description. Provide the reader with details about your studies and any related experience. \"\nPay attention to the resume format you use-chronological or reverse-chronological order. Chronological order means listing your 'oldest' work experience first. Reverse-chronological order means listing your current or most recent experience first. Most countries have preferences about which format is most acceptable. If you find no specific guidelines, the general preference is for the reverse-chronological format. \"\nIf you are submitting your resume in English, find out if the receiver uses British English or American English because there are changes between the two versions. For example, university education is often referred to as 'tertiary education' in the United Kingdom, but this term is almost never used in the United States. A reader who is unfamiliar with these changes may assume that your resume contains errors.", "id": "high4780.txt"}