{"answers": ["B", "B", "D"], "options": [["Protection of the Planet", "Green Shopping Principles", "Environmentally Friendly Products", "Resource Conservation"], ["Because they are less expensive to buy.", "Because they save money in the long run.", "Because they will never break.", "Because they are local products."], ["Following the stream of sales campaigns.", "Buying disposable chopsticks.", "Focusing on packaging.", "Purchasing from local markets."]], "questions": ["What could be the best title for this passage?", "Why does the author advise us to buy lasting products?", "Which of the following can be considered green shopping?"], "article": "Shopping green can make an important contribution to protecting the planet and conserving its resources.\nToday's consumer faces a wider range of choices than ever before, Add to that the steady stream of sales campaigns, and shopping smart only gets harder. To buy economically and reduce waste, safeguard health and protect the environment, you'll need to follow some basic principles and have a clear idea of what you want.\n1. Do Your Homework\nBefore making any major purchase, take the time to research it. Plentiful resources are usually available online. Avoid buying in a hurry, and don't be persuaded by overenthusiastic salespeople. _ it if necessary--you won't regret giving yourself some extra time to think.\n2. Take the Long View\nConsider the running costs as well as the initial price of any item you buy. Many environmentally friendly products cost more to buy, but save you money in the long run. Choose items that are made to last. For example, pick a sofa that has a hardwood or steel frame rather than one made of softwood, which may break easily.\n3. Skip the Disposable Option\nBuy reusable products like washable cloth towels, handkerchiefs, serviettes and cleaning cloths rather than paper, single-use varieties. Avoid other disposable supplies like cups, glasses, and chopsticks, too.\n4. Take the Local Route\nBuy local products that are in season. It's usually cheaper and fresher and has less harm to the environment. Markets and roadside stands are good sources. Some supermarkets also buy from local producers. Support it if you have one.\n5. Avoid Wasteful Packaging\nBetter not buy products that have too much packaging. It's estimated that approximately 10 percent of every shopping bill is actually paying for packaging--which you normally just throw away! Moreover, significant amounts of energy are used in the production of packaging. Purchasing refillable and renewable containers can also help cut this kind of waste.", "id": "high4781.txt"}