{"answers": ["B", "C", "A"], "options": [["Collecting garbage outside the alley.", "Making dental parts in the basement.", "Putting food on the table in a hotel.", "Working oddjobs on the train."], ["A big-screen television.", "A vacation schedule.", "A letter of grateful words.", "A great retirement party."], ["Thank You. Dad.", "Dad's Expenence.", "A Hardworking Dad.", "Dad. a Breadwinner."]], "questions": ["How did Dad get extra money besides his daytime routine work?", "After reading the text. what would be the author's present for his Dad?", "What can be the best title for the text?"], "article": "My father got his first job at eleven years old. cleaning up the garbage outside of the bowlingalley . Two years later his dad died. and my fatber worked odd jobs to help put food onthe table during the Depression. Ten years after that. Dad fell in love. married Mom and had ababy girl. Eight more children followed. During those years, Dad slipped into a routine he neverbroke He woke up before six. took the train to work and wouldn't get home until after five thirly.After supper, Dad spent the rest of the evening in the basement making dental parts for extra\nTwo years ago, at the age of sixty-four, Dad retired. When I was young, Mom and Dad did well to hide the fact that we were poor. All nine of us attended Catholic schools and we always had plenty of school supplies. We slept in wooden beds, shared one bathroom and watched television from a tiny black-and-white set in the living room. Mom and Dad never bought anything for themselves. They clipped coupons, wore the same pair of sneakers for twenty years and sewed wom clothing together every Saturday afternoon.\nAt his retirement party. I wanted to thank Dad for all his hard work and sacrifice by buying him the best present I could think of. As I shopped though. l realized there was nothing I could buy for Dad. Dad taught me through his own faith that the greatest gifis come from the heart Finally. I left my present on the kitchen table for Dad to find before he Ieft for his frnal day at work.", "id": "high4784.txt"}