{"answers": ["C", "C", "D"], "options": [["The name of a certain animal.", "Onc of the child's ancestors.", "The dreaius of the Indian child.", "An event before the child's birth."], ["It is not convenient to use their formal names", "They don't want to be famous in the tribes.", "Parents are afraid cheir child would die young.", "Nicknames are shortcr and easier to address."], ["Ongins of American Indians' names", "Hisrory of American Indians' names", "Importance of American Indians' names.", "Customs in American Indians' names."]], "questions": ["Which is not the way Indians name their child?", "Why are American Indians given nicknames?", "What doCS the text mainly talk about?"], "article": "Parents are not only looking for a unique name for their baby, but they also want a name that has a special meaning. American Indians usually have pretty interesting names. These names are given to them through various methods and usually by an elder. American Indians feel very strongly abouL naming their child, and it is almost treated like a ritual. In some American Indian cultures. they even hold a ceremony when they are to name a child\nAmcrican Indian children are usually named by an elder who could be eheir grandmother, grandfather. mother or father. The name given by the elder comes to them in many different forms such as charactcnstics of the person, dreams that the elder may have. or the name of a family member who has died It is also true that some Amerlcan Indians arc named after some sort of animal while others are named after nature Some tribes   name their children after events that happen before thiir birth.\nAlso in different tribes. two of the American Indians in the same tribe can't share the same name Once the person with the name has died. then the name may be used again. It is said that Amcrican Indians believe that they shoutd not address the baby by the name that they are given because if the name is too well-known. the child or baby may be called back to the spirit world; this is what causes many American Indians to be given nicknames . Many Amcrican Indians arc more commonly known by their nicknames instead of their names given at birth", "id": "high4785.txt"}