{"answers": ["B", "C", "D", "B"], "options": [["show the importance of Easter Day", "introduce the issue about bunnies", "remind people of Easter traditions", "discuss the relationship between Easter and bunnies"], ["are exposed lo more skillful hunters", "have moved to habitats with fewer plants", "haven't adapted themselves to climate change", "can't change their fur color into white in the fall and the spring"], ["both are affected by 1ess snow", "both are affected by rising sea levels", "neither can find enough food", "neither can migrate to higher places"], ["Approving.", "Concerned.", "Enthusiastic.", "Doubtful."]], "questions": ["The writer mentions Easter at the beginning of the passage in order to  _  .", "According to the passage, some rabbits can now be easily Uncovered by predators because they  _", "The problem faced by volcano rabbets and rock rabbits is that  _  .", "Which best describes the writer's tone in the postage?"], "article": "Easter  is still a great day for worship, randy in baskets and running around the yard finding eggs, but every year it gets quite a bit worse for bunnies.\nAnd no, not because the kids like to pull their ears. The _ is climate change, and some researchers found that rising temperatures arc having harmful effects on at least five species of rabbit in the US.\nTake the Lower Keys March rabbit, for instance. An endangered species that lives in the Lower Florida Keys, this species of cottontail is a great swimmer -- it lives on the islands! -- but it is already severely affected by development and now by rising levels. According to the Center for Biological Diversity, an ocean level rise of only 0. 6 meters will send these guys jumping to higher ground and a 0.9-meter rise would wipe out their habitat   completely.\nThe snowshoe hare, on the other hand, has a color issue. Most of these rabbits change their fur color from white in the wintertime to brown in the summer, each designed to give them better cover from predators .  As the number of days with snow decreases all across the country, however, more and more bunnies arc being left in white fur during brown dirt days of both fall and spring, making them an easier mark for predators. Researchers know that the color change is controlled by the number of hours of sunlight, but whether the rabbit will be able to adapt quick enough to survive is a big question. The National Wildlife Federation has reported that hunters have noticed their numbers are already markedly down.\nAmerican pikas or rock rabbits, a relative of rabbits and hares, might be the firs' of these species to go extinct due to climate change. About 7-8 inches long, pikas live high in the cool, damp mountains west of the Rocky Mountains. As global temperatures rise, they would naturally migrate   to higher ground -- but they already occupy the mountaintops. They can't go any higher. The National Wildlife Federation reports that they might not be able to stand the new temperatures as their habitat beats up.\nThe volcano rabbit has the same problem. These rabbits live on the slopes of volcanoes in Mexico, and recent studies have shown that the lower range of their habitat has already shifted upward about 700 meters, but there are not suitable plants for them to move higher, so they are stuck in the middle. Scientists are concerned about their populations.\nNative to the US, pygmy rabbits weigh less than 1 pound and live in the American West. They are believed to be the smallest rabbits in the world. Their habitats have been destroyed by development. Several populations, such as the Columbia Basin pygmy, almost went extinct and were saved by zoo breeding programs. Pygmy rabbits also rely on winter cover by digging tunnels through the snow to escape predators, but lesser snowfall is leaving them exposed.\nAll of this gives new meaning to dressing up in a giant bunny costume this Easter.", "id": "high480.txt"}