{"answers": ["A", "C", "D"], "options": [["1647", "1634", "1662", "1640"], ["learning by himself with his father's help", "introducing himself to them", "designing experiments and instruments", "refusing any reward from Royal Society of London"], ["he couldn't finish his work on time sometimes", "he had all kinds of interests in his daily life", "he was too proud to look up to them", "the other scientists took the fruits of his experiments"]], "questions": ["Robert Hooke probably went to school in   _  .", "Robert Hooke made himself known to some of the best scientists in England by   _  .", "Robert Hooke couldn't get along well with his colleagues because   _  ."], "article": "Inventor,physicist,surveyor,astronomer,biologist,artist... Robert Hooke was all these and more. Some say he was the greatest experimental scientist of the seventeenth century. Once he worked with renowned  men of science like Christian Huygens,Antony van Leeuwenhoek,Robert Boyle,Isaac Newton and the great architect,Christopher Wren.\nHooke's early education began at home,under the guidance of his father. He entered Westminster School at the age of thirteen,and from there he went to Oxford,where he came in contact with some of the best scientists in England. Hooke impressed them with his skill at designing experiments and devising  instruments. In 1662,at the age of twenty-eight,he was named Curator of Experiments of the newly formed Royal Society of London. Hooke accepted the job,even though he knew that it had no money to pay him!\nWatching living things through the microscope was one of his favorite occupations. He devised a compound microscope for this purpose. One day while observing a cork   under a microscope,he saw honeycomb-like structures. They were cells--the smallest units of life.In fact,it was Hooke who coined the term \"cell\" as the boxlike cells of the cork reminded him of the cells of a monastery .\nPerhaps because of his varied interests,Hooke often left experiments unfinished. Others took up where he left off and then claimed sole credit. This sometimes led to quarrels with colleagues. One work that he finished was his book MICROGRAPHIA,a volume that reveals the immense potential of the microscope. The book also includes,among other things,ideas on gravity and light which may have helped scientists like Newton while they were developing their own theories on these phenomena.\nHooke made valuable contributions to astronomy too. A crater  on the moon is named after him in appreciation of his services to this branch of science.", "id": "high4800.txt"}