{"answers": ["C", "B", "D", "C", "A"], "options": [["He thinks most Chinese people hardly work.", "He thinks most Chinese people are proud.", "He praises most Chinese people a lot.", "He dislikes most Chinese people."], ["He is visiting the places of interest.", "He is teaching English in a school.", "He is studying in a college.", "He is on business."], ["Clothes and shoes made in China.", "Local foods", "Public transportation tickets.", "Imported foods"], ["the westerners have got to know China well", "China's economic miracles have appeared everywhere", "the progress of China is seldom reported in the US", "the education in rural areas is never cared about in China"], ["China is different from the US", "China is better than the US", "Americans are richer than Chinese", "China bears great similarities to the US"]], "questions": ["What does the author think of Chinese people?", "What is the author doing in China?", "What are not cheap in China in the author's opinion?", "We can infer from the passage that the author thinks  _  .", "In the author's eyes,  _  ."], "article": "I wish there would be a way to describe China in simple terms but that's impossible. For the most part Chinese people are friendly, easy-going and optimistic. They are curious and unusually patient and they are also the hardest-working people I have ever met.\nIn China, family is everything. In my English classes when the students were asked what they would do if they only had a few hours to live, most students told me how they would spend their last few hours with their families and parents. Many times the subjects in the classes center on families and friends. I teach many students a year, talking to them freely.\nThe cost of living here is very low compared with that of the US. The city of Xiang Fan I live in isn't large and I live better. Non-imported  foods are very cheap, so are clothing and articles of everyday use. The cost of public transportation is very low, too. Chinese value education. However, it is reported that many children can't afford the expenses of schooling and are forced to leave school in some poor area in China. But they organized Project Hope many years age. It creates conditions for the poor children to go back to school. In my opinion, Project Hope is of great importance to the development of the rural education.\nWhen we read news of China in the west, rarely, if ever, will we see anything mentioned of the positive changes China has gone through. While it is true that economic miracles have not reached many areas of China, but we also have the same problems.\nWhen I am asked which country I consider better. China or the US, my answer has always been the same, \"We are not worse or better than each other, we are only different.\"", "id": "high4814.txt"}