{"answers": ["B", "A", "C"], "options": [["iTunes", "iPhones", "computers", "microphones"], ["Tuneln Radio", "iTunes", "Shazam", "QQ Music"], ["Beyond the Music", "Streaming Service of Music", "Get easier accesses to music", "Get Familiar t o Each Song"]], "questions": ["All of the options are strongly recommended to the users of   _  .", "If you are to enjoy the freedom to go backward or make a phone call without missing anything your are listening, you can turn to  _  .", "What is possibly the best title for the passage?"], "article": "One of the major functions of an iPhone is, of course, to play music. The iTunes app has been designed in such a way as to take advantage of the iPhone's touch screen. But what if you want to listen to music that isn't in your iTunes library, or you want to discover new music without sitting in front of computer?\nThere are plenty of ways to access music, but not everyone knows what options are available. Either that, or there are so many options that going through all of them is tiring. For these reasons, here we offer a few convenient ways of listening to music on your iPhone without using iTunes.\nStream some radio (Tuneln Radio)\nTunnel Radio provides a quick and easy way to listen thousands of Internet radio stations on your Apple products. In addition to local radio stations, this app compiles more than 40 000 radio stations from around the country. What makes the app special is that it allows you to pause and rewind live radio----pause your station to take a phone call or rewind to replay a favorite song. You can also browse by genre of location, and the app includes plenty of talks, news, sports and weather stations in addition to music.\nFrom desktop to smartphone (QQ Music)\nQQ Music seems like obvious choice, and it is. It's a streaming service based on the Tencent technology that is already wildly popular on the Internet and now also offers a (free) app. Through this app you can listen to existing playlists or create new ones based on the patterns of music you like. It works amazingly well and everything can be saved to your QQ account for access from a computer.\nWhat was that song? (Shazam)\nShazam is an innovative and free app that cures your\"what was that song?\"problem. It happens to all of us : we hear a song (on TV or in a store ), love it, know we have heard it before but just can't remember what it is called . With Shazam you don't need to. Just hold your iPhone up and through its microphone, Shazam will identify the album, artist and song title for you. You can then either purchase the song in iTunes or search it on other apps for streaming. How cool is that?", "id": "high4818.txt"}