{"answers": ["C", "D", "A", "B"], "options": [["It lasted about half an hour.", "There were eight dishes in all.", "the hot dishes were mainly cooked by Yang.", "Many dishes were cooked in American style."], ["They received a cold welcome.", "The fatty pork was not delicious.", "The dinner was not well prepared.", "Yang spent little time talking with them."], ["found little food to enjoy.", "ate much salad and pastry.", "drank a lot of coffee with much sugar.", "showed much interest in American food."], ["cooking skills", "cultural differences", "language learning", "business management"]], "questions": ["What do we know about the dinner at Liu's home?", "Why did the American couple feel a bit depressed after dinner at Liu's home?", "During the dinner at Janice's home, Liu and Yang   _  .", "The text is most likely to be found in a book about   _  ."], "article": "Janice is an American engineer working in Nanjing. She and her husband George, who is teaching English at a university, have been eager to get to know Chinese people better, so they were pleased when Liu, Janice's young co-worker, invited them to her home for dinner.\nWhen they arrived, Liu introduced them to her husband Yang and asked them to sit down at a table containing eight plates of various cold dishes. Half an hour later she came back and sat down and the three began to eat. Yang came in from time to time, putting hot dishes on the table. Most of the food was wonderful, though neither George nor Janice could eat the fatty pork, and there was much more than they could eat. They kept wishing Yang would sit down so they could talk to him. Finally he did sit down to eat a bit, but soon it was time to go home.\nJanice and George felt slightly depressed by this experience, but returned the invitation two weeks later. They decided to make a nice American meal and felt lucky to find olives, crackers , tomato juice, and even some cheese in the shop. They put these out as appetizers . For the main course they prepared spaghetti and a salad.\nWhen Liu and Yang arrived and began to have dinner, they took small tastes of the appetizers and seemed surprised when both George and Janice sat down with them. They ate only a little spaghetti and didn't finish the salad on their plates. After a while, George cleared the table and served coffee and pastries . Yang and Liu each put four spoons of sugar into their coffee but didn't drink much of it and ate only a bite or two of pastry.\nAfter they left, George and Janice were upset. \" We left their place so full but they're going to have to eat again when they get home. What went wrong?", "id": "high4826.txt"}