{"answers": ["A", "C", "B"], "options": [["they may feel they're forced to do so", "they often feel lonely in a new school", "they are ignored by their busy parents", "they are tired of the moving process"], ["Allowing them to choose a school by themselves.", "Trying not to show them the bad parts of a move.", "Offering them as much information as possible.", "Promising to choose a new house with them."], ["what we should do before a move", "how to prepare children for a move", "how a move can change the family", "why parents should talk to children often."]], "questions": ["According to the text, a move can be a bad experience for kids because   _  .", "Which is the most important when making the move easier for children?", "The author wrote this text mainly to tell us   _  ."], "article": "Sooner or later, many families will face the situation of moving. The experience can be very bad for kids, who may not be a part of the decision to move and may not understand it. You can take steps to make the entire process   easier for everyone.\nMany kids like to stay in familiar places. So as you consider a move, weigh the benefits   of that change against the comfort that neighborhood, school, and social life give your kids. If your family has recently dealt with a big life change, such as death, you may want to put off a move to give your children time to accept the fact.\nThe decision to move may be out of your hands, perhaps because of a new job or money problems. Even if you're not happy about the move, try to keep a positive  attitude to it. During the move, a parent's attitude can greatly influence kids.\nNo matter what the results are, the most important way to prepare kids to move is to talk about it. Try to give your children as much information about the move as possible. You can ask kids to join in the planning such as house-hunting or the search for a new school. This can make the change feel less like it's being forced on them. If you're moving across town, try to take your children to visit the new house and the new neighborhood.\nA move can have many problems, but good things also come from this kind of change. Your family might grow closer and you may learn more about each other by going through it together.", "id": "high4835.txt"}