{"answers": ["A", "C", "D"], "options": [["they have difficulty finding qualified personnel at home", "they find foreign employees are usually more talented", "they need original ideas from employees hired overseas", "they want to expand their business beyond home borders"], ["learn about the company's hiring process", "follow appropriate guidelines for job hunting", "take cultural factors into consideration", "know the employer's personal likes and dislikes"], ["the different educational systems in the US and the UK", "the recipient's preference with regard to the format", "the distinctive features of American and British cultures", "the differences between the varieties of English"]], "questions": ["Companies are hiring more foreign employees because   _  .", "When it comes to resume writing, it is best to   _  .", "According to the author's last piece of advice, the applicants should be aware of   _  ."], "article": "Interest in pursuing international careers has soared (increased sharply) in recent years, enhanced by chronic (lasting) personnel shortages that are causing companies to search beyond their home borders for talents.\nProfessionals seek career experience outside of their home countries for a variety of reasons. They may feel the need to recharge their batteries with a new challenge. They may want a position with more responsibility that encourages creativity and initiative. Or they may wish to expose their children to another culture, and the opportunity to learn a second language.\nWhen applying for a job, one usually has to submit (present--v.) a resume or curriculum vitae (CV). The two terms generally mean the same thing: a one-or two-page document describing one's educational qualifications and professional experience. However, guidelines for preparing a resume are constantly changing. The best advice is to find out what is appropriate regarding the corporate (company) culture, the country culture, and the culture of the person making the hiring decision. The challenge will be to embrace (include) two or more cultures in one document. The following list is a good place to start.\n* \"Educational requirements differ from country to country. In almost every case of 'cross-border' job hunting, just stating the title of your degree will not mean adequate description. Provide the reader with details about your studies and any related experience.\"\n*Pay attention to the resume format you use--chronological or reverse-chronological order. Chronological order means listing your 'oldest' work experience first. Reverse-chronological order means listing your current or most recent experience first. Most countries have preferences about which format is most acceptable. If you find no specific guidelines, the general preference is for the reverse-chronological format.\n*If you are submitting your resume in English, find out if the recipient uses British English or American English because there are variations between the two versions. For example, university education is often referred to as 'tertiary education' in the United Kingdom, but this term is almost never used in the United States. A reader who is unfamiliar with these variations may assume that your resume contains errors.", "id": "high4836.txt"}