{"answers": ["C", "D", "A"], "options": [["you will break the traffic rules", "you will cause much noise", "you can't enjoy the beautiful sights well", "you can't drive into some parks"], ["you can take photos of animals", "it is a cheap way of traveling", "you can get a clearer sight of animals", "it is a good way to do sunbathing"], ["He supports it very much.", "He thinks it's a personal choice.", "He doesn't like this way of traveling.", "He thinks it's only good for adults."]], "questions": ["You'd better not drive in a car on Gold Coast because   _  .", "The following advantages of hiring bikes are mentioned EXCEPT that   _  .", "What's the author's attitude towards a bike hire on Gold Coast?"], "article": "The Gold Coast family holidays are always great fun whether you are from Australia or from abroad. There are beautiful beaches, adventure parks, nature parks and so much more.\nThere are so many sights to see here. It is a pity to drive in a car and you'll miss a great part of it. Australia is home to many animals and birds that can only be seen when moving slowly and going into the areas that they live.\nWhen you are on a bicycle, you have the advantage of being able to stop whenever you want to see an interesting animal or bird that you have never seen before. It is a quieter mode   of transportation as well, so you might even be able to take a picture. When you are on the beach, you can breathe that clean air and view the beauty of the water and sand. It is a totally different experience from either simply sunbathing or passing it in a car.\nThere are many choices of hiring a bicycle to experience the Gold Coast attractions. There are stores that will fit a bike perfectly to your size. These bikes for both adults and children are in many styles and colors to please any taste. If you have ever wanted to try a tandem bike  , now is your chance, because they have those too.\nA bicycle hire on Gold Coast is something that everyone should try at least once. This is a wonderful chance for anyone who likes to cycle and it is also a cheap way to travel with your family.", "id": "high4854.txt"}