{"answers": ["B", "C", "B"], "options": [["Yellow, green.", "Blue, violet.", "Black, blue.", "Brown, white."], ["Sociable people like warm colours.", "Warm colours can make people excited.", "People who like to be with others don't like red.", "Where there are warm colours, people want to be active."], ["Red or orange for offices.", "Orange for dining-rooms.", "Blue for bedrooms.", "Red for studies."]], "questions": ["Which of the following colours belong to cool colours?", "Which of the following statements is not true?", "Which is the right colour for different rooms?"], "article": "In general, people talk about two groups of colours warm colours and cool colours. Researchers in psychology think that there are also two groups of people people who prefer warm colours and people who prefer cool colours.\nThe warm colours are red, orange and yellow. Where there are warm colours and a lot of light, people usually want to be active. People think that red, for example, is exciting. Sociable people, those who like to be with others, like red. The cool colours are green, blue and violet. These colours, unlike warm colours , are relaxing. Where there are cool colours, people are usually quiet. People who like to spend time alone often prefer blue.\nRed may be exciting, but one researcher says that time seems to pass more slowly in a room with warm colours than in a room with cool colours. He suggests that a warm colour, such as red or orange is a good colour for a living room or restaurant. People who are relaxing or eating do not want time to pass quickly. Cool colours are better for offices or factories if the people who are working there want time to pass quickly.\nResearchers do not know why people think some colours are warm and other colours are cool. However, almost everyone agrees that red, orange, and yellow are warm and that green, blue and violet are cool. Perhaps warm colours remind people of warm days and the cool colours remind them of cool days. Because in the north the sun is higher during summer, the hot summer sunlight appears yellow.", "id": "high4878.txt"}