{"answers": ["B", "C", "D"], "options": [["focused", "relaxed", "awake", "busy"], ["They are solution providers.", "They are a source of inspiration.", "They are normally full of bad news.", "They are more educational than websites."], ["wander into the wild", "listen to a beautiful tune", "switch to the traffic channel", "stop concentrating on anything"]], "questions": ["According to the author, we are more creative when we are   _  .", "What does the author imply about newspapers?", "By \"tune into your wandering mind\" (in Para. 2), the author means \"  _  \"."], "article": "Brrriiinnng. The alarm clock announces the start of another busy weekday in the morning. You jump out of bed, rush into the shower, into your clothes and out the door with hardly a moment to think. A stressful journey to work gets your blood pressure climbing. Once at the office, you glance through the newspaper with depressing stories or reports of disasters. In that sort of mood, who can get down to work, particularly some creative, original problem-solving work?\nThe way most of us spend our mornings is exactly opposite to the conditions that promote flexible, open-minded thinking. Imaginative ideas are most likely to come to us when we're unfocused. If you are one of those energetic morning people, your most inventive time comes in the early evening when you are relaxed. Sleepy people's lack of focus leads to an increase in creative problem solving. By not giving yourself time to tune into your wandering mind, you're missing out on the surprising solutions it may offer.\nThe trip you take to work doesn't help, either. The stress slows down the speed with which signals travel between neurons  , making inspirations less likely to occur. And while we all should read a lot about what's going on in the world, it would not make you feel good for sure, so put that news website or newspaper aside until after the day's work is done.\nSo what would our mornings look like if we wanted to start them with a full capacity for creative problem solving? We'd set the alarm a few minutes early and lie awake in bed, following our thoughts where they lead. We'd stand a little longer under the warm water of the shower, stopping thinking about tasks in favor of a few more minutes of relaxation. We'd take some deep breaths on our way to work, instead of complaining about heavy traffic. And once in the office--after we get a cup of coffee--we'd click on links not to the news of the day but to the funniest videos the web has to offer.", "id": "high488.txt"}