{"answers": ["D", "A", "C", "C"], "options": [["excitedly", "embarrassingly", "politely", "disrespectfully"], ["Because they couldn't bear Geri's behavior any longer.", "Because they had finished the task.", "Because Geri had something more important to do.", "Because Geri felt embarrassed."], ["used her own card as a conversation starter", "took her clients' cards with one hand", "kept her clients' cards in a wrong place", "met her clients in jeans"], ["Honesty is the best policy.", "Think twice before you take any action.", "When in Rome, do as the Romans do.", "Don't claim to know what you don't know."]], "questions": ["In the four Japanese gentlemen's eyes, Geri took their cards   _  .", "Why did the four Japanese gentlemen leave Geri suddenly?", "The third mistake Geri made was that she   _  .", "What lesson can we draw from this story?"], "article": "A fellow speaker from California named Geri flew to Japan, in her favorite jeans and a casual jacket, to give her first speech. Fourteen hours later, four perfectly dressed Japanese gentlemen greeted her at Narita Airport. Smiling and bowing low, they handed her their business cards. With her bag in one hand, Geri took their cards with the other. She thanked them, glanced briefly at the cards, and put them into her jeans pocket quickly.\nWhen the five of them arrived at the hotel, they invited Geri to tea in the lobby  . While sipping tea, the gentlemen presented her with a small gift which she eagerly opened. She was thrilled with the gift and shouted excitedly, \"Oh, it's beautiful!\"\nAt this point, the four Japanese gentlemen stood up and, bowing only very slightly, said \"Sayonara\" and left immediately. Poor Geri was left astonished. What did she do wrong?\nEverything! Her jeans were the first gaffe. Even if you're coming off a bicycle in Japan, you do not meet c1ients   casually dressed. The second mistake was Geri's handling of their business cards rudely. In Japan, the business card is one of the most important communicative tools. It is always presented and accepted respectfully with both hands. However, Geri put their cards away much too quickly. In Japan, people use business cards as a conversation starter. You chat about each other's cards and work and do not put theirs away until they gently and respectfully place yours in safekeeping. Putting it carelessly into her jeans pocket was the ultimate disrespect.\nThen, the fourth horror of horrors was that Geri should not have opened the gift in front of her clients. In a land where saving face is critical, it would be embarrassing to discover the gift they gave was not as nice as the one they received. What is worse, Geri hadn't even given them a gift!", "id": "high4880.txt"}