{"answers": ["C", "B"], "options": [["brains becoming cleverer", "faces having fewer wrinkles", "arteries turning narrower", "genes being changed"], ["Eat better, live better", "Feel better, live longer", "Less stress, fewer diseases", "Smoke more, age sooner"]], "questions": ["In the author's opinion, when you exercise and eat right, you will experience some changes EXCEPT   _  .", "The best title for the passage would be   _  ."], "article": "Life is to be enjoyed. There's no point in giving up something you enjoy unless you get something back that's even better. When people eat more healthfully, exercise, quit smoking, and manage stress better, they find that they feel so much better that it reconstructs the reason for making these changes from fear of dying to joy of living. The latest studies show that when you exercise and eat right:\nYOUR BRAIN receives more blood flow and oxygen, so you become smarter, think more clearly, have more energy, and need less sleep. Two studies showed that just walking for three hours per week for only three months caused so many new neurons   to grow that it actually increased the size of people's brains!\nYOUR FACE receives more blood flow, so your skin glows more and wrinkles less. You look younger and more attractive. In contrast, an unhealthy diet, chronic emotional stress and smoking reduce blood flow to your face so you age more quickly. Smoking accelerates aging because nicotine causes your arteries   to narrow down, which decreases blood flow to your face and makes it wrinkle earlier. This is why smokers look years older than they really are.\nYOUR GENES change. In May, a study was published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences showing that changing your lifestyle changes your genes.\nYOUR TELOMERES   get longer. Telomeres are the ends of our chromosomes   that control how long we live. As telomeres become shorter, then cells age more quickly, thus shortening your life.\nBesides, one of the most interesting findings in the study was that the mothers' awareness of stress was more important than what was really occurring in their lives. The researchers gave the women a questionnaire and asked them to rate on a three-point scale how stressed they felt each day, and how out of control their lives felt to them. The women who were aware that they were under heavy stress had significantly shortened and damaged telomeres compared with those who felt more relaxed. On the contrary, some of the women who felt relaxed despite raising a disabled child had more normal-appearing telomeres.\nIn other words, if you feel stressed, you are stressed; if you feel fine, you are fine.", "id": "high4881.txt"}