{"answers": ["A", "B", "B", "C"], "options": [["help run the games", "travel in coaches", "give the teams money", "play in the World Series"], ["1839", "1939", "1955", "1960"], ["To play in the Major League.", "To have fun and please their parents.", "They expect a profit from All-Star games", "They want to learn how to serve as umpires."], ["Little League is only for neighbourhood boys.", "Girl players have to buy their suits.", "Girls and boys can participate to age eighteen.", "Children can only play until age twelve."]], "questions": ["The mothers and fathers of Little League players   _  .", "In what year was Little League established?", "Why do most players take part in Little League?", "What is true about players today?"], "article": "In the United States and several other countries, 2.5 million children play baseball in an organization called Little League. They play on teams in their hometowns. Their parents and other adults in the community coach or instruct them and serve as umpires to make sure that everyone follows the rules. Local businesses give money for the ball fields and the uniforms. Local teams compete against each other and the winners get to play teams that are more distant. Eventually, the top teams go to the Little League World Series.\nOne hundred years after Abner Doubleday invented baseball in Cooperstown, New York, in 1839, Little League got started in Pennsylvania. Three men started the game for neighborhood boys with a smaller playing field and fewer innings than adult baseball. Little League became popular after World War II when the game spread across the United States. By 1955 it was played throughout North America and within five years it had spread to Europe. Children's baseball really caught on in Japan and Taiwan of China and teams from those areas won the World Series seven out of eight years. After this, the organization tried banning foreign teams from the World Series, but the ban came to an end after one year.\nAt first, Little League was only for boys aged nine to twelve. However, in 1974, the parents of girl baseball players brought a law suit. The courts ruled that Little League had to include both boys and girls. Later Little League added on softball and other games for teenagers up to age eighteen. Occasionally a Little Leaguer becomes a professional player. For example, Gary Carter went from Little League to play nineteen seasons in the Major Leagues, ten of them as an All-Star player. But, by and large, youngsters play baseball for fun and because their parents are proud of them.", "id": "high4894.txt"}