{"answers": ["B", "B", "C", "C"], "options": [["It was trying to make a cocoon for itself.", "It was struggling to get out of its cocoon.", "It was flying among the trees in the forest.", "It was crawling around quietly on the ground."], ["to take the butterfly home", "to help the butterfly come out easily", "to kill the butterfly", "to stop the butterfly growing bigger"], ["patient but cruel", "careful and wise", "kind but unwise", "brave and funny"], ["The love for the cocoon.", "The joy of helping each other", "The lesson of the cocoon", "The expectation for the butterfly"]], "questions": ["What was the butterfly doing at the beginning of the story?", "The man cut off the remaining bit of the cocoon  _  .", "What do you think of the man?", "What is the best title for the story?"], "article": "One day a man found a cocoon of a butterfly in the forest. He sat there for several hours and watched the butterfly. Suddenly a small opening appeared, and the butterfly made its great effort to force its body through that little hole. Then it seemed to stop making any progress. It appeared as if it had gotten as far as it could and it could go no further.\nSo the man decided to help the butterfly. He cut off the remaining bit of the cocoon so that the butterfly could come out easily. But to his surprise, the butterfly got a heavy body and very small wings when it came out of the cocoon.\nThe man continued to watch the butterfly because he expected that the body would grow smaller at any moment and the wings would become larger and be able to fly. But neither happened. In fact, the butterfly spent the rest of its life crawling around with a heavy body and small wings. It was never able to fly.\nThe man was in his kindness, but he did not understand the nature rules. Before the butterfly came out of the cocoon, fluid from its body must be forced into its wings, and then it would be ready for flying. It must have a hard struggle to get through the small opening to get its freedom from the cocoon.\nSometimes struggles are exactly what we need in our life. If God allowed us to go through our life without any difficulties, it would make us fail. We would not be as strong as we could have been; we could never fly.", "id": "high4904.txt"}