{"answers": ["B", "A", "C", "A"], "options": [["be a team leader", "obey the basic rules", "act as a grown-up", "predict possible danger"], ["It makes people have a deep love for the country.", "It proves the exceptional skills of the winners.", "It helps the country out of natural disasters.", "It earns the winners fame and fortune."], ["bring fun to poor kids", "provide soccer balls for children", "give poor kids a chance for a better life", "appeal to soccer players to help poor kids"], ["Games benefit people all their lives.", "Sports can get all athletes together.", "People are advised to play games for fun.", "Sports increase a country's competitiveness."]], "questions": ["Through playing hide-and-seek, children are expected to learn to   _  .", "According to the passage, why is winning Olympic medals so encouraging?", "Iribarne's goal of forming the foundation is to   _  .", "What can be learned from the passage?"], "article": "Why play games? Because they are fun, and a lot more besides. Following the rules...planning your next move...acting as a team member...these are all \"game\" ideas that you will come across throughout your life.\nThink about some of the games you played as a young child, such as rope-jumping and hide-and-seek. Such games are entertaining and fun. But perhaps more importantly, they translate _ that teach children some of the basic rules they will be expected to follow the rest of their lives, such as taking turns and cooperating   .\nMany children's games have a practical side. Children around the world play games that prepare them for work they will do as grown-ups. For instance, some Saudi Arabian children play a game called bones. Which sharpens the hand-eye coordination needed in hunting.\nMany sports encourage national or local pride. The most famous games of all, the Olympic Games, bring athletes from around the world together to take part in friendly competition. People who watch the event wave flags, knowing that a gold medal is a win for an entire country, not just the athlete who earned it. For countries experiencing natural disasters or war, an Olympic win can mean so much.\nSports are also an event that unites people. Soccer is the most popular sport in the world. People on all continents play it--some for fun and some for a living. Nicolette Iribarne, a Californian soccer player, has discovered a way to give people hope through soccer. He created a foundation  to provide poor children with not only soccer balls but also a promising future.\nNext time you play your favorite game or sport, think about why you enjoy it, what skills are needed, and whether these skills will help you in other aspects of your life.", "id": "high4906.txt"}