{"answers": ["B", "A", "D", "D"], "options": [["He was lonely on the road.", "He was slowed down by a truck.", "He got tired of driving too long.", "He came across too many traffic lights."], ["Stopping still.", "Driving through it.", "Looking around for other cars.", "Checking out for traffic police."], ["traffic rules may be unnecessary", "doubting others is human nature", "patience is important to drivers", "a society needs mutual trust"], ["He kept his promise.", "He held back his anger.", "He followed his inclination.", "He made a right decision."]], "questions": ["Why did the author get impatient while driving?", "What was the author's immediate action when the traffic light turned red?", "The event made the author strongly believe that   _  .", "Why was the author proud of himself?"], "article": "Last night I was driving from Harrisburg to Lewisburg,distance of about eighty miles. It was late. Several times I got stuck behind a slow-moving truck on a narrow road with a solid white line on my left, and I became increasingly impatient.\nAt one point along an open road, I came to a crossing with a traffic light. I was alone on the road by now, but as I drove near the light, it turned red and I made a stop. I looked left, right and behind me. Nothing. Not a car, no suggestion of car lamps, but there I sat, waiting for the light to change, the only human being for at least a mile in any direction.\nI started wondering why I refused to run the light I was not afraid of being caught, because there was clearly no policeman around, and there certainly would have been no danger in going through it.\nMuch later that night, the question of why I'd stopped for that light came back to me. I think I\nstopped because it's part of a contract we all have with each other. It's not only the law, but it is an agreement we have, and we trust each other to honor it: we don't go through red lights.\nTrust is our first inclination .Doubting others does not seem to be natural to us. The whole construction of our society depends on mutual trust, not distrust. We do what we say we'll do; we show up when we say we'll show up; and we pay when we say we'll pay. We trust each other in these matters, and we're angry or disappointed with the person or organization that breaks the trust we have in them.\nI was so proud of myself for stopping for the red light that night.", "id": "high492.txt"}