{"answers": ["B", "B", "D", "A"], "options": [["the fourth grade", "the sixth grade", "the seventh grade", "the eighth grade"], ["What his old friends are doing.", "How high school students study.", "How he will do his high school homework.", "What the eighth graders' homework is."], ["To pay attention to his teachers.", "To attract his teachers' attention.", "To follow his teachers' teaching.", "To avoid meeting others' eyes."], ["got along well with his new class very soon", "felt sorry about having skipped two grades", "had one friend in his class all the time", "got used to others' stares in the classroom"]], "questions": ["If the author didn't skip, he should study in   _   .", "What may make the author curious?", "Why did the author always keep his eyes on the whiteboard and the textbook?", "According to the passage, we know that the author   _   ."], "article": "I felt excited, curious and nervous at the same time. I was excited because I would be skipping two grades. I was curious because I didn't know how high school students were taught. However, I was most nervous at the idea that I would be doing high school homework.\nI had just walked into the class when the bell rang. This wasn't a good start. But the kid in front of me looked very friendly. Luckily, since it was the first day of school, my teacher talked for about half of the period and  we just had the rest of the period to start the class. I didn't know what he was saying at first, but when I saw the problems on the paper, I knew what to do.\nThe next day, the kid said hi and I said hi back. We got into a conversation. It seemed that whenever I was talking to my friend, everyone stopped staring at  me. Then the class started. It was easy. But I was still uncomfortable because I couldn't look around without meeting others'eyes, so I just kept my eyes on the whiteboard and on my textbook.\nHowever, my friend didn't show up the next day, and the eighth graders just kept on staring at me. I didn't know why.\nThe next day everything changed. My friend was back to school. I was praised for my homework. Everyone stared at me less. Some started to be a little friendlier towards me. I felt at home at last here. My teachers also seemed pretty nice.", "id": "high4924.txt"}