{"answers": ["D", "C"], "options": [["The more people do their part, the greener the environment will be.", "Selling what you don't want any more is a kind of recycling.", "To protect the environment may help you save some money.", "Your bad habits for the environment are a valuable contribution."], ["The Use of Garbage Dustbin", "How to Save Water and Electricity", "How to Save the Environment", "Our Current Environmental Problems"]], "questions": ["Which of the following isn't true?", "Which of the following can be the best title for this passage?"], "article": "Our environment isn't as green and beautiful as it should be. There are steel monsters blocking out the sun, blowing out dangerous smoke, and letting out poisonous chemicals into rivers, cars producing harmful waste gas, people throwing out waste in a wrong way and all other kinds of sources that ruin the planet. Facing current environmental problems, people need to do their best to save the Earth.\nYou can see many big garbage dustbins in the streets. They're not there for a show, but for you to drop your waste. We should realize that what a little we do does count. So next time you get that urge to throw gum or a chocolate package out of the car window, or \" accidentally\" drop as you walk down the street, ask yourself how much waste you've been contributing to the environment with that bad habit going on for years.\nAt home, the first thing we can do to protect the environment is avoid letting water run continuously and make sure that taps are not leaky ,which would help greatly in _ Another is to use energy-saving lights, and turn them off before you leave the rooms. It's not only energy-saving, but also cuts down electricity costs.\nRecycling is a method to make items reusable. Many things you want to throw out can be made into new products through the reproducing process. Use your imagination to come up with ways on things that you can use again.\nPass the message of simple ways to save the environment on to kids. Starting with kids is a good way of teaching the message early in their lives, in the hope that they can carry it forward as they grow older.\nWith environmental protection awareness in mind, we can do what we can, for the results are to have a big effect on the planet. As long as we do our part, the world is one small step closer to being saved.", "id": "high4943.txt"}