{"answers": ["B", "C", "A", "D"], "options": [["Because online bookstores offer readers the latest books.", "Because online bookstores offer readers more kinds of books to choose from.", "Because online bookstores offer readers the lowest prices.", "Because online bookstores offer readers more about their favorite authors."], ["By comparing service.", "By asking for discounts.", "By reading online reviews", "By asking booksellers for advice."], ["The speed of deliveries", "The author of books.", "The prices of books.", "The condition of books."], ["learn about the number of the books", "get to know more reliable booksellers", "pay for their books more quickly", "buy their favorite books in time"]], "questions": ["Why do you think online bookstores are much better than traditional ones?", "How can a reader buy a worthy book when shopping online?", "What do online book lovers care about most?", "The wish list tool can help readers_."], "article": "Buying books on the internet is a great way to save time and money. Online bookstores offer new books and used books that can save you lots of money. They are far better compared to traditional bookstores as they offer much broader kinds of books. Another advantage of shopping online is that you can also read the book reviews as well as readers' reviews to get an idea whether the book is worth buying. Online bookstores offer great discounts  to regular customers which is a big attraction for book lovers.\nFor book lovers, the most important thing is to get books on time. Therefore, you need to find a reliable  online bookstore that will be able to provide fast deliveries .\nHere are some tips to use when choosing an online bookstore. Some online bookstores are popular for fiction books; some are for non-fiction books or novels, etc. Understanding their specialization will help you get the right kind of books in time. Check whether you will be buying the books from a third-party seller or directly from the website. Although the website could be reputable ,third-party sellers advertised on their site may not have a good reputation. Never jump at stores that offer super cheap prices, as books sold at such low prices could be in very bad condition.\nMost of the popular online bookstores offer useful tools. One tool is a wish list tool on its website. You can update  the list of books you wish to buy in the future. The bookstore will know what you want and will e-mail you immediately when the book of your choice is available.", "id": "high4946.txt"}