{"answers": ["C", "B", "B", "A", "D"], "options": [["invite students to judge the food", "show the terrible taste of the food", "express her opinion about the food", "ask the school to improve the food"], ["was set up by Martha", "provides free school meals", "is an international organization", "helps poor families build kitchens"], ["It had a bad influence on her study.", "Some people were upset by its content .", "Taking pictures needs a lot of time.", "Many other students started to copy her."], ["got a lot of support around the world", "helped improve children's eating habits", "raised $10,000 for the Malawi school children", "has no idea what to write on her blog in future"], ["School Meals", "Mary's Meals", "Power of the Internet", "Martha Shares Her Food"]], "questions": ["Martha wrote about her school meals on her blog to   _  .", "The organization Mary's Meals   _  .", "Why did the school officials want to prevent Martha writing her blog?", "According to the text, Martha   _  .", "What's the best title for the text?"], "article": "Every day, 15-year-old Martha wrote on the Internet about the meal she ate at school. She also took pictures of the food. However, Martha was very honest about the food. She did not just describe the food. She judged the taste and health of the food.\nMartha also began to use her blog for an important reason. She began to raise money for the organization Mary's Meals in the East African country of Malawi. It provides food for children in schools for free. Martha encouraged her readers to send money to Mary's Meals to help build a kitchen.\nBut then, Martha began to have a problem. Many people read her blog. She became big news. The news stories showed that the food at Martha's school was not always healthy. And that made some people angry. So the school officials decided to stop Martha's blog. They said that she could not take her camera to school.\nBut an amazing thing happened. Many people began sending messages of support across the Internet. Martha's story was even bigger than before. Now the officials had to change their minds. A few days later, Martha was again writing her blog. But more than that, people had sent a lot of money for the Malawi school children. Martha had hoped to raise about 10,000 dollars. But the total reached 100,000 dollars and still kept on growing!\nMartha's blog also helped to improve meals at her school. One day she wrote: As we waited for dinner we were told that we are allowed to eat as much fruit and bread as we want.\nNo one knows what will happen to Martha's blog in future. But already this little girl has helped to change the eating experience of many children just by sharing on the Internet pictures of her school meals.", "id": "high4949.txt"}