{"answers": ["B", "C", "B", "D", "D"], "options": [["Because the trip to Louisiana would take a long time.", "Because she didn't want to think of losing her baby.", "Because she had nothing else to do except reading.", "Because a good book could help her enjoy her trip."], ["made the family's trip more exciting", "include five books all together", "have someone called Seamus in them", "can help people deal with their problems"], ["she wanted to keep her trip in memory", "she loved this name very much", "her son doesn't have Irish blood", "it is a perfect name for a boy"], ["They planned their trip after getting the shocking news.", "They thought the cattle farm was too large to do anything on.", "They felt excited when they almost finished the trip.", "They liked reading Harry Porter very much after the trip."], ["Funny Stories Of My Family", "Seamus And Harry Potter", "How We Got To Louisiana", "How My Son Got His Name"]], "questions": ["Why did the writer want a good book during the trip?", "According to the story, we can know that the Harry Potter books   _  .", "The writer named her son Seamus because   _  .", "Which of the following is TRUE about the couple?", "Which is the best title for the passage?"], "article": "While I was in my 4th month of pregnancy   with my second child, we were preparing for a trip to Louisiana, where Marshall's family live, to celebrate Jane's 2nd birthday. Two days before we were to leave, we got the shocking news that I was going to lose the baby. Not knowing when this would happen, we decided to continue with our trip.\nSince Marshall's family lives on a 600-acre cattle farm, you often find that you have a lot of time to yourself to think when you are there. That is precisely what I did not want to do at this time. I told Marshall that I needed to get a good book to get lost in while I was there. I told him I heard the Harry Potter books were good, so he went out and got the first one for me.\nDuring that trip, I totally got lost in the book, which was of great help during a time when I needed a distraction to forget about the sadness. In the book, I noticed the name \"Seamus\". I vaguely remembered it was pronounced \"Shamus\" and I liked the sound of that. I mentioned it to Marshall and he liked it too. Toward the end of the trip, I had just 5 chapters left and I knew I was about to finish the first book, which I was pretty excited about.\nSoon after we put Jane down to bed, I had started labor  , so I was unable to read. The labor lasted 5 and 1/2 hours, but Marshall stayed there with me, sitting beside me and reading aloud the last 5 chapters of Harry Potter. I can never fully explain how much that helped me through the experience. And ever since then, Marshall and I both have been fans of the Harry Potter books. We remember how they helped us get through that time of our lives.\nWe were sad to have lost the baby, but the name Seamus started our journey toward adoption. And we gave this name to our adopted son. Though our Seamus doesn't have a drop of Irish blood in him, the name fits him perfectly.", "id": "high4954.txt"}