{"answers": ["D", "D"], "options": [["How to manage your marriage.", "How to make a good husband", "How to make a good wife.", "How to get her to speak your language."], ["Focus on the feeling to get past the disagreement.", "Don't play the blame game.", "She won't always understand you (but that's OK).", "Try to understand each other all the way."]], "questions": ["What is the best title of the text?", "Which of the following is not good for keeping a successful marriage?"], "article": "If you're like a lot of married guys, you don't need to be reminded about men being from Mars or women from Venus. Chances are that you're all too familiar with the feeling that you and your wife are from different worlds. When married people start noticing their fundamental differences, it can lead to a breakdown in communication. The way to have a successful marriage is through communication, common ground and understanding. Here are some pointers to guide you in the right direction.\nRather than ending up in an endless back and forth, forget about the issue for a minute. Instead, think about how you feel she's acting toward you and ask her if that's how she feels about you. If you think she's being unfair, ask her if she thinks you're being unfair. Switching the focus to that shared feeling can help your wife see things from your point of view.\nIt's important to accept the fact that there's a two-way street between you and your wife. If you think she doesn't make enough of an effort to see things from your point of view, you have to ask yourself if you're making an effort to see it her way.\nRealize nobody can wave a magic wand to make you and your wife completely understand each other all the time. Many couples have an extremely close friendship and do almost everything together before they're married. Once you've tied the knot, you may begin to notice that you're not as alike as you once thought.\nIt seems obvious, but some guys get fooled into thinking their wife will be as excited about all of their interests and hobbies as they are. Don't be surprised when you find out that she's not just like \"one of the guys.\" Sooner or later you'll realize that she might be going along with some of your interests just to make you happy.\nRather than feel offended if you find out she's not as into your favorite hobby as you thought, appreciate the effort she put into making you happy. Swallow your pride and try to take part in some of her hobbies, too, even if you might _ at first. While you're not going to be trying on makeup with her, you could try baking a recipe together.\nIf either of you is always giving everything and getting nothing in return, there's going to be bitterness. The best marriages are built on compromise. You knew you were going to have to give and take for your marriage to work; now it's time to make it happen.", "id": "high4967.txt"}