{"answers": ["A", "B", "C", "D"], "options": [["because it had food safety problems many times", "because it is one of the most famous fast-food chains", "no people went to it", "many people don't like it"], ["KFC was closed", "KFC apologized to the public though it was not sincere", "no people went to KFC", "there is no longer chicken in KFC"], ["war", "natural disaster", "food safety", "disease"], ["introduce some food safety incidents", "make people not support KFC", "ask people not to eat fast food", "appeal to people for food safety"]], "questions": ["According to the text, we can learn that KFC made itself in severe trust crisis  _  .", "From the passage, we learn that after the \"quick chicken\" incident   _  .", "We can learn that the author thinks that people's health is in danger because of   _  .", "The main purpose of the passage is to   _  ."], "article": "KFC , one of the most famous fast-food chains, saw its reputation in China shaken because of \"quick chicken\". Recent years, KFC has ever shocked us more than once because of its food safety, which made itself in severe trust crisis. Now it greatly surprised us again owing to the poultry incident. We could never believe it should have cheated us again and again. In fact, as a well-known restaurant chain, KFC's business records at China's is not very good. There's no doubt that the very incident has made things worse and worse.\nHowever, what surprised us is that although a series of misdeeds had reduced KFC's reputation, its business is increasing. What's more, KFC just made a so-called apology after what had happened, the content of which is not responsible at all for the public. As a matter of fact, this is not an ordinary chance incident. Recent years have seen so many food-safety problems in China, such as wasted oil, lean meat powder , melamine , which has done great damage to people's life. We don't know what can be eaten and how much harmful food we have eaten. Now it is not wars and natural disasters but everyday food safety that has been a great risk to human health.\nSo what can be done to prevent our health from being damaged? To begin with, the related departments should strengthen laws to stop such illegal products from being produced. In addition, it would be a good idea to call on the media to perform its further function to monitor the businesses, factories and traders. Besides, everybody should be made aware of the risks of harmful food and only in this way can people improve their self-protection. In a word, everyone should play a role in making our food safer and better in quality. Meanwhile, the government and the related departments should take their responsibilities for people's health.", "id": "high4972.txt"}