{"answers": ["A", "C", "B"], "options": [["suffered a lot", "Lived a happy life", "lived on the road half a year", "often fought against other dogs"], ["his own behavior", "the writer's fault", "Jessie's bite", "The new foster dog"], ["A Dog Named Jessie", "Love Calmed the Storm", "Conflicts Between Dogs", "Fights Between Man and Dog"]], "questions": ["Before being adopted by the writer, Jessie had   _  .", "It can be inferred from the text that the writer's husband's arm bled because   of   _  .", "What would be the best title for the text?"], "article": "They say love can cover a lot of crimes; yet never have I seen it more beautifully showed than in the life of a dog named Jessie. Jessie came into our lives at the age of six months. By that time he had already experienced the hard knocks of life. He was found abandoned on the side of the road, where we adopted him and took him home.\nFrom the beginning, it was obvious that Jessie was traumatized  . He was afraid of everything: the car, the doors, the stairs, and just about everything else. We couldn't foresee where Jessie's fear would take us.\nJessie was with us for about six months, when we became foster parents to a mixed-breed young dog. Jessie did not like her at all. We all lived in a nervous co-existence, until dinnertime. Within moments a food fight erupted between Jessie and this foster child.\nIt all happened so fast, and I was in the middle. My husband managed to get in between the two dogs, grabbing Jessie by his collar. Jessie screamed all the way down the hall and into the bedroom. I, quickly put the foster dog into her own bedroom and hurried down the hall. The crashing I heard in the bedroom, scared me to death. But nothing prepared me for the scene I witnessed as I opened the bedroom door.\nThere was my husband, on top of a terrified Jessie, holding back his head. Blood dripped from my husband's arm. To tell you the truth, as I was sitting beside my husband in the emergency room, I just didn't know what to do with Jessie. I was so angry at that dog.\nDay after day, week after week, however, my husband faithfully trained the dog that others would have put down. As his arm healed over the next months, something rare and beautiful began to take place. Jessie, under my husband's gentle persuasion, began to understand and obey. And Jessie adored him. I could see, that although the tempest had ruled Jessie's former life, affirmation and love had calmed the storm.", "id": "high4991.txt"}