{"answers": ["D", "B", "C"], "options": [["One can apply for a visa online.", "One must have a face-to-face interview.", "No one can get a visa without a fingerprinting.", "No one needs to travel a long distance to get a center."], ["He can only visit the UK.", "He can only visit 26 European countries.", "He can visit the UK and France.", "He can travel to any country he likes."], ["He really supports Chinese people to visit the UK.", "He suggests Chinese people visit London strongly.", "He thinks it is troublesome to visit the UK.", "He believes everyone should go to see the Queen and Oxbridge."]], "questions": ["Which of the following statements is NOT true for the UK visa?", "What can a visitor do if he gets a Schengen visa?", "What is the writer's attitude towards visiting the UK?"], "article": "Travelling abroad for leisure is becoming more and more popular for Chinese. The UK is high up in the list of places that the Chinese want to visit. There is a sense of mystery about the UK; it's often the images of England's green parks, countryside and Victorian houses that people point to as an alternative to polluted, overcrowded cities such as Beijing and Guangzhou.\nThe capital is viewed as modern and dynamic, while being filled deep with history. When asked what other images are thought of by the UK, the reply is often \"the Queen, tea and Oxbridge\". So what's stopping them actually coming? Sebastian Wood ,the British ambassador in Beijing, has described the UK as a _ , and while this is perhaps an exaggeration ,Britain does have a reputation as a country that is harder to access.\nThe main problem for Chinese tourists is obvious. Although visa applications are now completed online, visitors are still required to visit one of 12 UK centers across the country for a face-to-face interview and fingerprinting. If you don't live near one of these enters already, you'd have to travel some distance to get there.\nAnother problem is also to be mentioned. If travelers from China visit the UK, they also want to cover as much ground as possible. But the UK is not included in the Schengen visa, which allows access to a host of 26 European countries such as France and Germany. So it makes the former seem a less worth it.\nThere is also the issue of cost: PS47 for a Schengen visa, PS82 for the UK. On top of this, the UK is viewed as stricter in its handing of visas compared with the rest of Europe, fed by urban legends of rejected applications. In the end, the decision comes down to one question: Is Britain worth a visit?", "id": "high4993.txt"}