{"answers": ["C", "A", "C"], "options": [["The Development of Transportation in New York", "Export and Import of New York", "How New York Became America's Largest City", "How New York Exchanged with Europe"], ["The Erie Canal connected Lake Erie with the Hudson River.", "Economists are of the opinion that places where farming is done are good for making raw materials into finished goods.", "Wagons drawn by horses and oxen soon proved to be better and cheaper than canal transportation.", "The seaports usually have less population but more business."], ["cheap and fast wagons", "the new sea routes", "the construction of the Erie Canal", "the development of industry"]], "questions": ["Which of the following would be the best title for the passage?", "According to the passage, which of the following statements is TRUE?", "Freight costs were reduced to 10% of what they had been because of   _  ."], "article": "In the 18th century, New York was smaller than Philadelphia and Boston. Today it is the largest city in America. How can the change in its size and importance be explained?\nTo answer this question we must consider certain facts about geography, history, and economics. Together these three will explain the huge growth of America's most famous city.\nThe map of the Northeast shows that the four areas with the largest populations in this region are around seaports. At these points materials from across the sea enter the United States, and the products of the land are sent there for export across the sea.\nWe know that places where transportation lines meet are good places for making raw materials into finished goods. That is why seaports often have cities nearby. But cities like New York needed more than their geographical location in order to become great industrial centers. Their development did not happen simply by chance.www.zxxk.com\nAbout 1815, when many Americans from the east had already moved toward the west, transportation routes from the seaports to the central regions of the country began to be a serious problem. The slow wagons of that time, usually drawn by horses, were too expensive for moving heavy freight   very far. In New York State a canal seemed the best answer to the transportation problem. From the eastern end of Lake Erie all the way across the state to the Hudson River there is a long strip of low land. Here the Erie Canal was built, and after several years of work it was completed in 1825.\nThe canal produced an immediate effect. Freight costs were cut to about one tenth of what they had been. New York City, which had been smaller than Philadelphia and Boston, quickly became the leading city of the coast. In the years that followed, transportation routes on the Great Lakes were joined to routes on the Mississippi River. Then New York City became the end point of a great inland shipping system that started from the Atlantic Ocean far up the western branches of the Mississippi.", "id": "high5006.txt"}