{"answers": ["C", "B", "C"], "options": [["The people he met in Japan.", "Working as a teacher in Beijing.", "The experiences in his early life.", "His father's being put into prison."], ["It was based on Lu Xun's diary.", "It was the first novel to use everyday language.", "Its story took place in modern times.", "It was written using a western style."], ["funny stories", "articles about himself", "articles against the government", "stories about government officials"]], "questions": ["Which of the following greatly influenced Lu Xun's writing according to the passage?", "According to the passage, why was Lu Xun's story Diary of a Madman so popular?", "After moving to Shanghai, Lu Xun mainly wrote  _  ."], "article": "Lu Xun is one of the greatest Chinese writers of the 20thcentury. Besides his famous stories, he also wrote many influential articles about the living conditions of Chinese people.\nBorn in 1881 to a wealthy family, Lu Xun had a happy childhood. In 1893, however, his grandfather, a senior government official, was put into prison for taking money. At the same time, his father became seriously ill. From that time on, his family were no longer accepted by their relatives and friends. These early experiences greatly influenced his writing.\nBy the time Lu Xun arrived in Nanjing to study at university in 1899, he already believed that Chinese society had to change and become modern. In 1902 he went to study in Japan. There, he began writing articles for several Chinese student magazines. He showed a gift for writing and translating and he even wrote several books, although none was popular. He returned to China in 1909 because he was in need of money.\nAfter working for several years as a teacher in Beijing, Lu Xun again returned to writing. In 1918, he wrote his famous short story Diary of a Madman. It was the first Chinese novel published using the everyday language that people spoke, which helped make it a great success. _ , together with his novel The True Story of Ah Q (1921), made Lu Xun a leading Chinese writer.\nAlthough successful, Lu Xun still worried greatly about China's future. In 1926, he moved to Shanghai and gave up writing stories in order to devote himself to what he called \"pen warfare\". He now only wrote articles which called on the people to fight against the government. For this, the government stopped him from publishing any more books. He was forced to write his articles using false names.\nSince his death in 1936, Lu Xun's importance and influence have grown. Today, many of his writings are included in school textbooks and his works are read by millions around the world.", "id": "high5009.txt"}