{"answers": ["C", "D", "D"], "options": [["They don't use teeth to eat.", "They have a good sense of smell.", "Sea turtles are more adaptable to life at sea.", "Different species have different shells."], ["Why do female turtles lay eggs on land?", "Why can't people tell how old a sea turtle is from its appearance?", "Where do the baby turtles usually go?", "Do sea turtles grow very fast?"], ["Mysteries About Sea Turtles", "Baby and Female Sea Turtles", "The Growth of Different Sea Turtles", "The Characteristics  of Sea Turtles"]], "questions": ["Which of the following statements is NOT true about sea turtles?", "Which of the following questions is answered in the text?", "What would be the best title for the text?"], "article": "Sea turtles come in many different sizes, shapes and colors. The shell of each sea turtle species is different in length, color, shape and the arrangement of the scales .\nSea turtles do not have teeth but use their jaws  to eat. Their sense of smell is excellent. Their eyesight underwater is good, but they have _ out of water. Their special bodies make them adapt to life at sea. However, sea turtles maintain  close ties to land.\nFemale sea turtles have to go to the seaside to lay their eggs in the sand; therefore, all baby sea turtles begin their lives on land. Most research on sea turtles has been focused on female turtles nesting and the baby sea turtles in the nest, largely because they can be found most easily. After decades of studying sea turtles, much has been learned about. However, many mysteries  still remain.\nResearchers do not yet know how long baby turtles spend in the open sea, or exactly where they go. People believe they spend their earliest years floating in the sea, where they do little more than eat and grow. Once turtles reach dinner-plate size, they appear at feeding grounds in waters near the shore. They grow slowly and take between 15 and 50 years to grow old enough to bear baby sea turtles, depending on the species. There is no way to know the age of a sea turtle from its physical appearance. It is believed that some species can live for over 100 years.", "id": "high503.txt"}