{"answers": ["C", "A"], "options": [["Chinese female film stars", "Chinese male film stars", "Hollywood films", "Film stars in Hong Kong"], ["Chinese men in the eyes of Western women.", "Foreign film stars and Chinese film stars.", "Chinese women in the eyes of Western men.", "Chinese film stars in Hollywood films."]], "questions": ["In some American women's eyes, Chinese men's images are bad because of   _  .", "What does the passage mainly deal with?"], "article": "Chinese female film stars, like Gong Li and Zhang Ziyi, due to the charm of their films, have set a good image for Chinese women in the world. Compared with Chinese women, the image of Chinese men is not so good in the eyes of Western women, the Shanghai Evening Post reported.\nIn March 2006, Zhang Jiehai, a doctorate  holder at the Sociology Institute of the Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, led a research team to investigate how Western women look at Chinese men. The survey shows that many Western women think Chinese men are mostly known for their care for the family. Chinese men, as the Western women say, are willing to spend money for women. As to their shortcomings, Western women think that Chinese men do not have good manners and that some Chinese men have the habit of spitting everywhere, keeping nails and hair long, picking their noses and ears in public places, and not cleaning their teeth thoroughly. These bad habits make many Western women think that Chinese men are unwilling to take care of their personal image.\nThe survey was carried out in two ways, by questionnaires and interviews. All the respondents  agreed that Chinese men show much tender loving care for the family and that many Chinese men do know how to respect women. They open the door for women and carry their handbags for them. For some American women, the bad image of Chinese men in the world is largely because of Hollywood films. In many Hollywood films, Chinese men usually do not have a good image. But this has been changed by Hong Kong film star Chow Yun-Fat. After the Chinese filmCrouching Tiger,Hidden Dragon was shown in cinemas in the United States in 2002, many Westerners began to change their impression of Chinese men.", "id": "high504.txt"}