{"answers": ["B", "D", "C", "D"], "options": [["Students' craze for fashions.", "Clothes that are too exposing.", "Students' ignoring dress codes.", "Students' underwear."], ["Fashion should be taken seriously.", "Fashion should not be followed in school.", "Students should have their freedom in choosing what they wear.", "Students should be encouraged to have good taste in clothes."], ["dress in Italian schools is too casual", "fashion should not be followed in school", "schools should pay attention to things more important than students' clothes", "low-rise jeans can do harm to youngster's health"], ["show Chinese students that wearing very fashionable clothes in school is under attack in other countries, too.", "show that dress code is necessary even in a country like Italy", "let us see that Italian students react differently to schools' requests.", "tell us that a debate started in Italian middle schools over the way students dress in School"]], "questions": ["What led to the argument in Italian middle schools?  _", "Which of the following supports the headmaster's request?  _", "The argument against the headmaster's request is that   _  .", "The purpose of this story is to   _"], "article": "Have you ever seen any students whose trousers hang so low that you can see their underwear? What do you think of that? Fashionable? Some of today's teenagers are big fans of such a look. But recently this trend has been at the center of an argument in Italian middle schools. The headmaster of a school in central Italy has asked students to stop wearing low-rise jeans that expose underwear and parts of the body. His request came after a class trip, when he saw one boy's baggy trousers slide to his feet. He pointed out that this way of dressing is not suitable for school. But in Italy, a nation that takes fashion very seriously, the suggestion caused a debate among parents, teachers and students. The issue is whether the headmaster's request will limit students' freedom-- or whether dress in Italian schools is too casual. A parents' group praised the move in favor of good taste, while others advised schools to stop worrying about fashion and fix up old school buildings. \"We do not want to kick fashion out,\" the headmaster explained, \"but extremes of fashion like this are not right in school.\" Many other schools have now requested that their students also stop wearing such trousers. Most students have simply ignored the request. Ludovica Gaudio, 14, wore extremely low trousers exposing orange underwear in class. It was cold, so she wore a matching orange scarf. Another 14-year-old said she would probably respect the request, simply for practical reasons. \"I don't really feel comfortable in those sort of jeans,\" said Sarah Lattanzi, \"in winter, when dressed like that, it's quite cold and I am afraid my stomach will ache.\"", "id": "high5043.txt"}