{"answers": ["B", "C", "C", "D"], "options": [["attract more people to photograph birds", "help birders learn how to identify and understand birds", "call on people to set some comfort zones for birds", "inform birders of the results of a scientific research on birds"], ["red", "yellow", "brown", "blue"], ["Owls", "Shorebirds", "Songbirds", "Larks"], ["A stick in the yard may scares birds off when you are photographing them.", "It will be wise for birders to hire a guide for themselves.", "Birders have to bring some notebooks to keep records of birds' habits.", "A flashlight will come in handy when you look for owls."]], "questions": ["The main purpose of the passage is to   _  .", "Clothes in   _   are highly recommended when you are going bird watching.", "_   are likely to be seen at 7 in the morning.", "Which of the following statement is TRUE according to the passage?"], "article": "This site , all-birds. com, is about bird watching. Enjoy your browsing. There is much to learn and see.\nBird Watching Equipment\nSome items that might make bird watching more enjoyable are binoculars ( ) , a camera, some kind of system for keeping notes, and maybe a back pack. Birders often keep lists of the birds they see along with notes about the habits. There is some great bird log software that will let you keep records on your computer. For more details on choosing binoculars see our Binocular -Optics page.\nClothes\nIf you are walking through a wooded area just wear clothes you would wear on any hike or field trip. You are best off wearing clothes with dull colors that mix into the background. Greens, browns, and grays are good. Avoid fabrics that rustle easily. Depending on the birds you are watching you may want to get rain gear, rubber boots and warm clothing. For birds such as owls that you might look for in the evening a strong flashlight is also handy.\nChoosing a Bird Field Guide\nTake a good field guide to identify birds. Look for clear color pictures that make it easy to recognize one bird from another. Next to each picture should be detailed descriptions of each bird's anatomy, habits, and what it eats. The guide should have information about what habitat each species uses. Many guides have maps showing the range of different birds along with their migration patterns.\nWhere and When to see Birds\nLearning the habitats of birds in your area will increase the number of birds you see, and make  your birding more enjoyable. If you know that Meadow larks are likely to be in open grassy areas, and  dippers are forage along stream beds, you may be looking for them if you are in those types of  habitats. Edge areas where different types of habitats meet will likely have more species in them. You  are more likely to see specific birds at certain times of the day. For example songbirds are easier to see  two to three hours after dawn, or just before sunset. This is when songbirds are most actively feeding.  Many small birds will be silent or even hidden during the rest of the day. After sunup is the best time to see eagles and hawks. Visibility is best for hunting at this time, and they can soar on the thermal currents from the warmed air. Birds like owls are more likely to be seen in the evening. Many  shorebirds and waders rest at high tide and feed when the water rises or falls.\nPhotographing Birds\nPatience in Bird Photography\nMost birds are afraid of people, and all species have their own comfort zone. With a little  time you can learn the comfort zone of the birds you are photographing. Once they know that you  are not a threat you may be able to get closer.\nType or Style\nYour reason for photographing birds may determine your style and the kind of equipment you  use. If you are just recording the kinds of birds you see you don't need to get as close, and you  can use less expensive equipment, then you need for high quality prints.\nPhotographing Birds in Flight\nPhotographing birds in flight can be fun. Many digital cameras have a tracking function. With these you focus on the bird, and then as you track it the lens will keep focus.\nUse Your Yard\nChoose an open area where the birds will get direct sunlight, showing off their magnificent colors.\nTry using props\nBirds will often land on a stick or post near a seed feeder before going to the feeder. The background was just an out of focus fence but you can use anything you want for a background, and then wait for a bird to perch.", "id": "high5045.txt"}