{"answers": ["B", "D", "B"], "options": [["It has by-products.", "It has to be separated from other materials.", "It will make energy too cheap.", "It is too far away from us."], ["skeptical", "negative", "indifferent", "positive"], ["war and energy", "the future of hydrogen as an energy resource", "the disadvantages of oil", "How to end war"]], "questions": ["What is the problem with using hydrogen as energy?", "What is the author's attitude about the future?", "What is the passage mainly about?"], "article": "What if we could replace oil with a fuel which produced no pollution and which everybody had equal access to? The good news is that we can. In fact, we are swimming in it--- literally.\nHydrogen is one of the building blocks of the universe. Our own sun is basically a big, dense cloud of the stuff. And hydrogen can be used to create electricity for power, heat and light.\nThe problem is that hydrogen is everywhere and nowhere at the same time. It does not exist as a material on its own, but is always part of something else. So it has to be separated before it can be used.\nMost commercial hydrogen in use now is created from natural gas. As oil will start to run out in around the year 2030, it makes sense to produce as much hydrogen as possible as soon as we can. But natural gas supplies will also begin to run out soon after. Another source is needed.\nResearchers are now using electricity to make water into hydrogen. Companies are working on the problem in their own areas. The first commercial hydrogen \"fuel cells\" for computers and mobile phones have already come on to the market. Auto companies have also invested over US $2 billion in the production of hydrogen fuelled cars.\nThe nations of a hydrogen fuelled planet would not fight over energy recourses. There would be a great reduction in pollution. The only by-product of creating hydrogen is pure drinking water--- something that is very scarce in many parts of the world. But that is not where the good news ends. Once the costs of producing hydrogen have been brought down, it will possibly provide power for a third of the Earth's population that has no electricity.\nAnd electricity creates wealth. In South Africa over the last decade there has been a large programme of electrification. Thanks to the programme, people do not have to spend their days looking firewood to burn for heat. And with electric light, they can work long into the night.\nSome scientists see radical changes in the way the human race co-operates. Hydrogen creates electricity, and is also created by _ . With dual use fuel cells, everyone who consumes energy could also produce it. Late at night, a man drives home in London and connects his car into the \"world-wide hydrogen web,\" which it supplies with electricity. A few hours later, a man in Beijing uses that electricity to power the hydrogen cell in his car. Hydrogen could be the first democratic energy source.\nLike all dreams of the future, it seems very far away. But the threat of war and terrorism in the Middle East has made governments and businesses more aware of the need to end oil dependency and spend more time and money on hydrogen resource. So maybe the threat of war is not a completely bad thing for the future of the human race.", "id": "high5056.txt"}