{"answers": ["C", "A", "B"], "options": [["The author had suffered from an unfortunate marriage for a long time.", "All the things the author did were to protect her daughter", "The author hadn't been a mother until she removed from her marriage.", "Both the author and her daughter were frightened at the husband and father."], ["Because it was a thorough relief after they had suffered too much.", "Because they were actually crazy.", "Because they wouldn't see the abusive man any more.", "Because spilling the chocolate milk on the wall was really funny."], ["How To Be a Better Mon?", "The Day I Became a Mom", "A Thing Happened 17 Years Ago", "Survive an Abusive Marriage"]], "questions": ["Which statement is NOT true?.", "Why did the author and her daughter laugh and then cry?", "What is the best title for this article?"], "article": "The day I became a mom was not the day my daughter was born, but seven years later. Up until that day, I had been too busy trying to survive my abusive  marriage. I had spent all my energy trying to run a \"perfect\" home that would pass inspection each evening, and I didn't see that my baby girl had become a toddler. I'd tried endlessly to please someone who could never be pleased and suddenly realized that the years had slipped by and could never return.\nOh, I had done the normal \"motherly\" things, like making sure my daughter got to ballet and gym lessons. I went to all of her recitals and school concerts, parent-teacher conferences and open houses alone. We suffered from my husband's rages  when something was spilled  at the dinner table, telling her, \"It will be okay, Honey. Daddy's not really mad at you.\" I did all I could to protect her from hearing the awful shouting and complaints after he returned from a night of drinking. Finally I did the best thing I could do for my daughter and myself: I removed us from the home that wasn't really a home at all.\nThat day I became a mom was the day when my daughter and I were sitting in our new home having a calm, quiet dinner just as I had always wanted for her. We were talking about what she had done in school and suddenly her little hand knocked over the full glass of chocolate milk by her plate. As I watched the white tablecloth and freshly painted white wall become dark brown, I looked at her small face. It was filled with fear, knowing what the consequence of the event would have meant only a week before in her father's presence. When I saw that look on her face and looked at the chocolate milk running down the wall, I simply started laughing. I am sure she thought I was crazy, but then she must have realized that I was thinking, \"It's a good thing your father isn't here!\" She started laughing with me, and we laughed until we cried. They were tears of joy and peace and were the first of many tears that we cried together. That was the day we knew that we were going to be okay.\nWhenever either of us spills something, even now, seventeen years later, she says, \"Remember the day I spilled the chocolate milk? I knew you had done _ for us.\" That was the day I really became a mom. I discovered that being a mom isn't only going to ballet or gym, recitals, and attending every school concert and open house. It isn't keeping a tidy house and preparing perfect meals. It certainly isn't pretending things are normal when they are not. For me, being a mom started when I could laugh over spilled milk.", "id": "high5070.txt"}