{"answers": ["B", "C", "A", "D"], "options": [["must have a good reason to study abroad", "can make an application on the Internet", "should create more learning programs", "will be asked to send a plan to a teacher"], ["learn basic computer skills in the UK when possible", "get to know as many teachers as possible in the UK", "do much research before choosing a college major", "borrow certain books before going abroad to study."], ["select the best university and subject", "meet other teenage students online", "study further after finishing a course", "compare colleges at home and abroad"], ["To give information about higher education in the UK.", "To describe the types of universities across the UK.", "To introduce the UK education system to students.", "To attract international students to study in the UK."]], "questions": ["One who wants to get into a university in the UK  _  .", "We can learn from the passage that it is a wise idea to   _  .", "Unistats is a website that works to help students   _  .", "What's the author's purpose in writing this passage?"], "article": "International students studying in the UK\nThe UK has a long history of welcoming international students to study in its universities and colleges. In the UK last year there were over 104,000 international students. Choosing which university or college to go to was like a life-changing decision. Do as much research as possible so that you choose the right course for the right reason.\nHow to apply for higher education\nAll applications for higher education courses are made using our online application system, which is available 24 hours a day. You fill in the application form online and it does not need to be completed all at once. Please see the When to Apply page to check the dates by which we should receive your completed application.\nChoosing a higher education course to study\nTry to do a lot of research when deciding which courses to apply for. You will probably want to find out even more before you accept an offer of a place on a course. When you accept an offer of a place, make sure that all of your questions have been answered. Ask teachers if there is anything to prepare before the course starts. They may suggest that you look at certain books on the course reading list or that you improve your computer skills.\nOther help and advice\nUnistats is a website that can help you to research subjects and universities before deciding where to apply. You can compare subjects, compare universities and explore useful information about getting a job after graduation. Unistats has statistical   information on universities, colleges, subjects and teaching style.\nYougo is a student-only networking site where you can meet other applicants online and talk about what you hope to study and the university you hope to attend.\nIf you have any questions, please call us at 0044-330-333-0230.", "id": "high5081.txt"}