{"answers": ["A", "C"], "options": [["approving", "disapproving", "questioning", "inactive"], ["offer advice on the proper use of the library", "recommend pair work and group work for classroom activities", "argue for teaching bright and not-so-bright pupils in the same class", "tell us the importance of proper formal classroom teaching"]], "questions": ["We can know from the passage that the author' s attitude towards \"mixed-ability teaching\"  is  _  .", "The author's purpose in writing this passage is to   _  ."], "article": "We find that bright children are rarely _ by mixed ability teaching. On the contrary, both their knowledge and experience are enriched. We feel that there are many disadvantages in streaming(......) pupils. It does not take into account the fact that children develop at different rates. It can have a bad effect on both the bright and the not-so-bright child. After all,it can be quite discouraging to be at the bottom of the top grade!\nBesides, it is rather unreal to grade pupils just according to their intellectual  ability. This is only one aspect of their total personality. We are concerned to develop the abilities of all our pupils to the full, not just their academic ability. We also value personal qualities and social skills, and we find that mixed-ability teaching contributes to all these aspects of learning.\nIn our classrooms, we work in various ways. The pupils often work in groups: this gives them the opportunity to learn to co-operate, to share, and to develop leadership skills. They also learn how to deal with personal problems as well as learning how to think, to make decisions, to analyze and evaluate, and to communicate effectively in order to have the ability to become leaders. The pupils learn from each other as well as from the teacher.\nSometimes the pupils work in pairs;sometimes they work on individual tasks , and they can do this at their own speed. They also have some formal class teaching when this is suitable. We encourage our pupils to use the library, and we teach them the skills they need in order to do this efficiently. An advanced pupil can do advanced work:it does not matter what age the child is. We expect our pupils to do their best, not their least, and we give them every encouragement to attain this goal.", "id": "high5090.txt"}