{"answers": ["C", "C"], "options": [["they think it is cool to drink alcohol", "their parents set a bad example to them", "alcohol can make them happier", "peer pressure plays an important role"], ["show the bad effect of drinking alcohol", "show how many teenagers drink alcohol", "tell teenagers not to try alcohol", "tell the reasons why teenagers drink alcohol."]], "questions": ["The reasons for teens' drinking alcohol are mentioned EXCEPT that   _  .", "The passage was written mainly to   _  ."], "article": "A study shows that nearly ninety percent of teens report that they have tried alcohol. That's an increase of 23 percent in just four years!\nEach year, 1.1 billion cans of beer are drunk by students aged 15-19 years old. Beer is the most common alcoholic drink among teens--81 percent of the drinkers had tried it. Beer is followed by wine with 63 percent, hard liquor  with 53 percent and wine coolers with 35 percent.\nWhen the young people are asked why they drank, the most common answer is that drinking is \"something to do\". If a teen's parents drink alcohol, the teenager is more likely to start drinking at an early age. Also, tens see all of their friends drinking alcohol so they think it is the must-to-do thing. Peer pressure is probably the hardest thing teens have to deal with. What's more, teens often drink alcohol because it makes them feel older and cooler.\nResearchers asked 56,000 students about their drinking habits and grades, to see how drinking might affect their grades in school. The results seem to be clear. Students who got a C level or lower tend to use three times as much alcohol as those who got B's or A's.\nAlcohol use can be deadly. About 8,100 young people are killed per year in alcohol-related accidents. Eight young people die per day as a result of a drunk-driving accident. Between 50 and 65 percent of all teen suicides   occur after the young people drink.\nSo you see, drinking the alcohol doesn't always end up with a good time. The next time you try to push someone to drink or someone tries to push you to drink, please remember this. One drink can set the habit for life. Why not throw it away?", "id": "high5098.txt"}