{"answers": ["D", "B", "C"], "options": [["Because no surgeons were on duty in the first hospital that day.", "Because the author wanted his son to stay in a hospital nearer her home.", "Because no surgeons in the first hospital knew the injuries to the author's son.", "Because no surgeons in the first hospital could do surgery on the author's son."], ["the author's son finally opened his eyes.", "the situation of the author's son suddenly worsened", "the author's son was finally out of danger", "the author's son did not need any more surgery"], ["Life is full of \"if onlys\".", "Being a single mother is not easy.", "Children are more important than work.", "Accidents can happen to every kid."]], "questions": ["Why did the author's son have to be moved to another hospital in Bristol?", "On the third day after being taken to the hospital,   _  .", "After the accident, what did the author probably learn?"], "article": "As I was busy working on my work plan in my bedroom, I could hear my four children playing upstairs. Suddenly, I heard the children running down the stairs and shouting, \"Freddie, Freddie.\" _ My three-year old son Freddie was lying on his side on the ground. I cried for my husband Simon to dial 999 and within minutes the air ambulance arrived. They quickly took him in the helicopter. During the flight, Freddie was looking at me and I remember thinking was a good sign, but then his eyes began to roll. As the doctors tried to stabilize  him, I couldn't believe what was happening.\nWhen we arrived at the hospital in Portsmouth, there were some doctors and nurses waiting for us and they immediately set to work on Freddie. I was hopelessly wishing everything would be alright, but Freddie had broken his skull in two places and blood clots were forming in his brain. He needed surgery , and only a surgeon at another hospital in Bristol could do it. This meant another helicopter ride, but we couldn't go with Freddie because there was no enough space. Simon and I drove the long 130 miles from our home in north Devon in silence. Neither of us dared say what we were thinking, \"What if we get there and he's dead?\" \"Is he going to be brain-damaged?\"\nFreddie was just coming out of surgery when we arrived. The surgeon said it had gone well. When I finally saw him, I hardly recognize my child--he was covered in tubes and there were wires coming out of his head.\nOn the third day, Simon went home to see our three girls and to pick up some clean clothes for us. While he was gone, the pressure in Freddie's brain suddenly increased. He was taken into theater again and this time I fell apart. Luckily, the surgery managed to stabilize Freddie. After almost a week, Freddie was finally woken up. When he opened his eyes, he looked at me. He didn't say anything, but I knew straight away that it was my old Freddie, and that he was going to be alright. Over the next two weeks, his recovery went well. After help with learning to swallow again and encouragement with speaking, he was soon playing with his Gruffalo cards and eating meals by himself.\nI still don't know how the accident happened, but we got some idea from our girls. Clearly Freddie and Minnie had been sitting on the window ledge, and Freddie must have opened it to look out and fallen 20 feet onto the ground below.\nThe guilt I feel is awful-- for weeks I was full of \" if onlys\", and we put window locks everywhere. Six months later, although the accident seems a lifetime ago, it has changed me. I feel differently about life now. I've left my job to put my children first. I want to spend every minute with them.", "id": "high5099.txt"}