{"answers": ["A", "D", "B"], "options": [["free his emotions", "hold back his feelings", "fill his world with positive ideas", "give in to tragedy and all opposing forces"], ["seek solutions from others", "forgive others and move on", "stay calm and resist change", "understand and help others"], ["analyze the causes of tragedy", "suggest a way of dealing with tragedy", "tell people how to prevent tragedy", "encourage people to build friendship after tragedy"]], "questions": ["When following the Upward Path, the person facing tragedy should   _  .", "According to the author,the greatest gift one gets from tragedy is being able to   _  .", "The purpose of the passage is to   _  ."], "article": "In the face of tragedy,you must of course let yourself feel: Cry without holding back, shake with fear, yell out in anger, accept and follow your feelings. This is part of the wise approach to tragedy: The Upward Path --the feeling of emotions, the acceptance of them, and the coupling of the emotional mind with wisdom. Along this path, you'll take the experience --no matter how sad or upsetting --as a learning event, just as a11 other points on your journey will prove to be. While tragic, you must recognize this is still a chance for all involved to grow. You should let both sadness and joy, fear and courage, dark and light fill your world, and learn to find your steady, calm center in the midst of the opposing forces. This is the Upward Path. Use the event as a chance to gain balance and discover wisdom --the wisdom of love and of letting go, of non-attachment and non-resistance, and using this experience to eventually help others in need of guidance.\nBeing able to relate to others who have also experienced tragedy and inspire in them hope -- of recovery, and of moving forward --is perhaps the greatest gift you can receive from tragedy. Turn the negative into positive, the pain into connection. After you've taken appropriate time to be sad, to feel your own pain, you should make it your work,your goal, your purpose to connect with others who need help. Show them how you've experienced feelings, achieved\nbalance,and gained wisdom that you would never have otherwise had the chance to learn.\nFEEL, but do not FEED on tragedy. Rather, let it inspire you to go beyond the person who you were before. With demise comes renewal, so let this loss be also your rebirth. No matter how hopeless it seems, no matter how difficult this becomes, you have the power to transform yourself into someone greater than you ever knew you could be.", "id": "high5106.txt"}