{"answers": ["A", "D", "B"], "options": [["do their best at school and be educated and respected citizens", "be top students in school and graduate with honors", "stop seeing her friends who pretended to be sick to skip classes", "bring home colored report cards like her friends did"], ["The author has a deep hatred for her mother.", "The author's mother set timetables for her children whenever they went out.", "Some of the children weren't able to go to college because of their mean mother.", "As a parent, the author is following her mother's example."], ["All the other kids at school studied better than the author.", "The author worked hard and usually got good grades in studies.", "Mother was punished for breaking the Labor Law.", "The author's family lived a miserable life."]], "questions": ["The author's mother wanted her children to   _  .", "Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the text?", "It can be inferred from the passage that  _  ."], "article": "I had the meanest mother in the whole world. While other kids ate candy for breakfast, I had to have cereal, eggs or toast. While others had Cokes and candy for lunch, I had to eat a sandwich. As you can guess, my supper was different from the other kids' too. But at least, I wasn't alone in my sufferings. My sister and two brothers had the same mean mother as I did.\nMy mother insisted upon knowing where we were at all times. She had to know who our friends were and where we were going. She insisted if we said we'd be gone an hour, then we should be gone one hour or less -- not one hour and one minute. And she always insisted upon us telling the truth. Now you can see how mean she was.\nThe worst is yet to come. We had to be in bed by nine each night and up at eight the next morning. We couldn't sleep till noon like our friends. So while they slept - my mother actually had the courage to break the Child Labor Law. She made us work. We had to wash dishes, make beds, and learn to cook. We had to wear clean clothes and take a bath every day. The other kids always wore their clothes for days. We reached the height of disgrace because she made our clothes herself, just to save money. I believe she laid awake at night thinking up mean things to do to us.\nThrough the years, things didn't improve a bit. We could not lie in bed \"sick\" like our friends did, and miss school. Our marks in school had to live up to expectations. Our friends' report cards had beautiful colors on them, black for passing, red for failing. My mother, being as different as she was, would be satisfied with nothing less than ugly black marks.\nAs the years rolled by, first one and then the other of us was put to shame. We graduated from high school. With our mother behind us, talking, hitting and demanding respect, none of us was allowed the pleasure of being a drop-out.\nMy mother was a complete failure as a mother. Out of four children, a couple of us attained some higher education. None of us have ever been arrested or divorced. Each of my brothers served his time in the service of this country. She forced us to grow up into God-fearing, educated, honest adults. I am now trying to raise my three children. I am filled with pride when my children call me mean. Why? Because now I thank God every day for giving me the meanest mother in the whole world.", "id": "high5108.txt"}