{"answers": ["A", "D", "B", "C"], "options": [["Listening is better than yelling and fighting.", "It is impolite to see your parents eye to eye.", "Be careful when you take your parents' advice.", "Parents are sometimes easy to get upset."], ["both sides stop yelling and fighting", "both sides start thinking what to say next", "both sides agree with each other", "both sides can listen to each other"], ["Looking", "Smiling warmly", "Listening", "Stopping arguing"], ["look at their eyes", "fight for the truth", "stop arguing", "talk in a low voice"]], "questions": ["What can we learn from the passage?", "Parents and children can communicate only when  _  .", "Which of the following advice is NOT mentioned in the passage?", "The author thinks we should first   _   when arguing with our parents."], "article": "Nowadays the problem of the generation gap is becoming more and more serious. Poor relationship between parents and their children are very common.\nWhether we like it or not, our parents are responsible for us at least until we're out of high school. So rather than get upset about that fact, maybe we should focus on some ways to make our relationship better. The best way, in my opinion, is to learn to really communicate with my parents.\nWhen I find myself arguing with my mom and dad, I try to stop. If I can manage to stop myself from talking, I usually find that I can calm down quickly. I guess I'm usually acting out of emotion rather than logic . But if I can stop arguing for a minute, it seems that my opinion changes and I start to realize that I'm a bit childish. Emotionally I may still be upset, but logically I understand that yelling  and fighting surely won't make things better.\nOnce I've stopped arguing, I look at my parents in the eye. You'd be amazed at how much easier it is to communicate with your parents when you've actually looking at them. Looking away doesn't do much of anything except for giving them the impression that I'm not listening or that I don't care. It's much easier to see things eye to eye when you're physically seeing them eye to eye.\nFinally, I listen to what they're saying (or at least I try). Communication can't happen unless both sides hear and listen to each other. There is nothing wrong with my hearing, but that doesn't mean I always listen to the sounds that people are making. When I argue with my parents, I can physically hear what they're saying without mentally listening to it.\nWhether I admit it or not, my parents' experience can actually help them give me some pretty sound advice at times. I don't always agree with them, but I think it's safe to say that it has truly helped our relationship in the long run.", "id": "high5133.txt"}