{"answers": ["B", "D", "C"], "options": [["Gas played a major part in the 20th century.", "Natural gas facilities are far from satisfactory.", "Gas reserves are widely spread around the world.", "Necessary facilities are ready to bring gas to market."], ["change the rules of the game", "open markets in their backyards", "build pretty facilities along the coast", "have long-term policies for gas supply"], ["warn people of the lack of power and fuel", "discuss the importance of oil and natural gas", "call for better use and development of natural gas", "instruct people how to make use of energy sources"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?", "Consuming nations of natural gas need to   _  .", "The main purpose of the passage is to   _  ."], "article": "As demand for power and fuel grows steadily in the coming decades, we must consider every possible energy source on hand if we're to meet the world's needs. And because clean natural gas is found in great plenty, there is little doubt that it will play a major role on the world energy stage in this century, much like oil did in the last. But, like oil, gas reserves are concentrated in just a few places in the world, usually far from where they're needed most. And that's only part of the challenge. The world has had well over 100 years to search for oil and to build the necessary facilities to bring it to market; the natural gas facilities, particularly when it comes to liquefied natural gas(LNG), are not nearly as developed.\nSo what needs to be done? On the supply side, producing nations need policies that allow for better development of their natural gas in an open, stable business environment, not _ in which the rules of the game change without warning. The governments of consuming nations, on the other hand, must make policies for sustainable development to ensure they'll have enough supplies in the future. That means building the related facilities, including LNG stations. This, in turn, will require coastal areas to allow these necessary, but not necessarily pretty, facilities to be built in their backyards. And energy companies have a responsibility to be good neighbors in those areas by operating these facilities responsibly and safely. They must also continue to put in the billions of dollars needed to build the complex transport and storage facilities required to bring more gas to market.\nExpanding and diversifying energy sources by using more natural gas could lead to lower fuel prices and to greater energy security. We've taken some of the steps to get started, but we need your help to get the rest of the way.", "id": "high5136.txt"}