{"answers": ["A", "B", "A", "C"], "options": [["They were both simple creations.", "The artists of both focused on family life.", "The artists of both came from the lower class.", "They were both gifted creations by trained artists."], ["They are difficult to understand.", "They help artists let out their energy.", "They show pictures of unreal life.", "They are similar to one another."], ["It offered artists the freedom of expression.", "Artists didn't need to spend much on materials.", "Other kinds of art couldn't express the beauty of life.", "Artists could express their dissatisfaction towards society."], ["speak highly of folk art", "compare folk art and fine art", "explain the history and characteristics of folk art in America", "explain the development and changes of American art"]], "questions": ["What similar qualities did folk art and fine art probably have in the 17th century?", "Which of the following statements can be used to describe the works of folk artists?", "Why did folk art become popular during the period from 1930 to 1960?", "The author's purpose in writing the text is to   _  ."], "article": "Although in the 17th century in the United States fine art and folk art had similar qualities, a difference between them began to appear as time went on in the 18th and 19th centuries artists with ambition studied abroad and came back to paint portraits  of upper-class families in American society. The less ambitious or less fortunate artists traveled around their own areas and created pictures of countryside society. Anyway, artists got trained and those simple creations improved a lot.\nAround 1930,folk art began to take on a new meaning and was considered as an expression of a small cultural class. Folk art is never the product of art movements, but comes out of craft traditions. This art is based not on measurements or calculations and rarely goes with the standards of realism. It goes straight to the bases of art which the folk artists feel naturally.\nThe period 1930~ 1960 was the time when folk artists began to receive recognition. They often began their art careers late in life and used art as an outlet  for their energy. Their materials were cheap and simple, their subjects were different, but their creativity flowed. Doing their own things became the norm , and was what made folk art so desirable.\nAlthough it is hard to define folk art, one thing is certain --- it touches us in a special way because the artists show us how he or she brought beauty into their everyday life. Since folk artists come from all walks of life, each piece of art created is one of a kind, emphasizing color, simplicity of line and brave, simple form. Most importantly, it exemplifies(...) the history of American life.", "id": "high5137.txt"}