{"answers": ["B", "A", "C", "D"], "options": [["Psychology", "Commercial Arts", "International Business", "English Composition"], ["Because he heard some negative remarks about it.", "Because he was worried that he didn't have enough time to study.", "Because he feared he would fail the entrance exam.", "Because he was afraid that he didn't have enough money."], ["Dull and challenging.", "Interesting and easy.", "Interesting and challenging.", "Dull and easy"], ["was not able to find a full-time job", "is most interested in writing", "pays for his schooling with the help of his family", "is satisfied with his achievements."]], "questions": ["What did the author study originally when he was in college?", "Why was the author nervous about starting online classes?", "Which of the following best describes the author's learning experience?", "According to the passage, the author   _  ."], "article": "I decided to go back to school in the fall of 2008 after not being happy with my current job and financial status. I obtained my Associate's Degree in May 2002 in Commercial Arts. After graduation, I had trouble obtaining a job in that field. For years, I was going from one job to another feeling unfilled, and I was not satisfied with the instability.\nI decided to go back to school for either International Business or Psychology. I weighed the pros and cons of both professions and Psychology won. I like helping my friends and family, when they go through hard situations in their life by giving them sound advice and being honest with them. Also, I was interested in \"the mind\".\nI was searching for online schools because my work schedule at my current job would not allow me to attend a regular class. I was nervous about starting online classes because I heard mixed stories from other friends who were taking online classes. I decided to do it anyway to experience something different. I wanted to find an online school that was affordable and reputable. Through my search, I discovered Walden University, which is specially for working adults who want to obtain a bachelor's degree or higher. The process of getting accepted was easy, which included writing an essay on why I wanted to attend their school, transferring my previous credits, etc.\nI am currently enrolled in the Bachelors program for psychology, and I am paying for college via financial-aid loans and grants. This experience has been interesting yet trying as sometimes it was difficult to balance work, school and home life. I learned a lot about psychology and myself. For example, I like writing about current events, relationships and traveling. I thought my English composition was ordinary, but after taking a few classes at Walden University, I improved my English composition and it made me feel confident enough to start writing professionally so I became a freelance   writer. Currently, I am only three classes away from obtaining my Bachelor's Degree in Psychology! It was one of the best decisions I made in my life.", "id": "high5145.txt"}