{"answers": ["B", "C", "B", "A", "D"], "options": [["his early education from school", "the deaths of his parents", "Edmund Spenser's poetry", "the criticism of a magazine"], ["They read many books.", "They had a bad childhood", "They died of the same disease.", "They showed strong interest in poetry"], ["Keats received little education at school.", "Keats once had a chance of becoming a doctor.", "In 1816 Keats spent two months writing a poem.", "Endymion was about a real love story."], ["determined", "experienced", "knowledgeable", "impatient"], ["Keats' family must have been very poor when he was young.", "Edmund Spenser was the greatest poet in Keats' time.", "It is likely that Keats rewrote his poem Isabella.", "The poem Hyperion wasn't completed by Keats."]], "questions": ["John Keats' attitude towards life changed because of   _  .", "What is the common thing between John Keats and his mother?", "What do we know from the passage?", "While pursuing his dream of becoming a poet at first, John Keats was   _  .", "What can we infer from the passage?"], "article": "Regarded as one of the English language's most gifted poets, John Keats wrote poetry that concentrated on imagery, human nature, and philosophy. Although Keats didn't receive much formal literary education, his own studies and passion brought him much success. Additionally, his own life situation influenced his poetry greatly.\nGrowing up as a young boy in London in a lower middle-class family, the young John didn't attend a private school, but went to a public one. His teachers and his family's friends regarded him as an optimistic boy who favored playing and fighting much more than minding his studies. After his father's death in the early 1800s, followed by his mother's passing due to tuberculosis  , he began viewing life differently. He wanted to escape the world and did so by reading anything he could get his hands on.\nAt around the age of 16, the teenage John Keats began studying under a surgeon so that he too might become a doctor. However, his literary appetite had taken too much of his fancy, especially with his addiction to the poetry of Ehmund Spenser. He was able to have his first full poem published in the Examiner in 1816, entitled O Solitude! If I Must With Thee Dwell. Within two months in 1817, Keats had written an entire volume of poetry, but was sharply criticized by a magazine. However, the negative response didn't stop his pursuit of rhythm  .\nJohn Keats' next work was Endymion, which was published in May 1818. The story involves a shepherd who falls in love with the moon goddess and leads him on an adventure of one boy's hope to overcome the limitations of being human. Following Engymion, however, he tried something more narrative-based and wrote Isabella. During this time, John Keats began seeing his limitations in poetry due to his own limit in life experiences. He would have to have the \"knowledge\" associated with his poems. His next work was Hyperion that would attempt to combine all that he learned. However, a bout   with tuberculosis while visiting Italy would keep him from his work and eventually take his life in 1821.", "id": "high5146.txt"}