{"answers": ["A", "B", "C", "D", "D"], "options": [["The doctor gets more active professional support from the primary nurse.", "Each patient is taken care of by a primary nurse day and night.", "The primary nurse writes care plans for every patient.", "The primary nurse keeps records of the patient's health conditions every day."], ["compared with other hospitals, nurses at Beth Israel Hospital are more patient", "in most hospitals, patient care is inadequate from the professional point of view", "in most hospital, nurses get low salaries", "compared with other hospitals, nurses have to work longer hours at Beth Israel Hospital"], ["the present one is refused by the patient", "the patient complains about the present one", "the present one proves to be ineffective", "the patient is found unwilling to cooperate"], ["is a member of the Medical Executive Committee of the hospital", "has to arrange the work shifts of the unit's nurses", "can make decisions concerning the medical treatment of a patient", "has full responsibility in the administration of the unit's nurses"], ["negative", "neutral", "critical", "positive"]], "questions": ["Which of the following best characterizes the main feature of the nursing system at Beth    Israel Hospital?", "It can be inferred from the passage that  _  .", "A primary nurse can propose a different approach of treatment when", "The main difference between a nurse-manager and a head nurse is that the former", "The author's attitude towards the nurse system at Beth Israel Hospital is  _"], "article": "Nursing at Beth Israel Hospital produces the best patient care. If we are to solve the nursing shortage. hospital administration and doctors everywhere would do well to follow Beth Israel's example .\nAt Beth Israel each patient is assigned to a primary nurse who visits at length with the patient and constructs a full-scale health account that covers everything from his medical history  to his emotional state. Then she writes a care plan centered on the patient's illness but which also  includes everything else that is necessary.\nThe primary nurse stays with the patient through his hospitalization. keeping track with his progress and seeking further advice from his doctor. If a patient at Beth Israel is not responding  to treatment. it is not uncommon for his nurse to propose another approach to his doctor. What  the doctor at Beth Israel has in the primary nurse is a true colleague.\nNursing at Beth Israel also involves a decentralized   nursing administration; every  unit is a self-contained organization. There are nurse-managers instead of head nurses; in addition  to their medical duties they do all their own hiring and dismissing, employee advising, and they make salary recommendations. Each unit's nurses decide among themselves who will work what  shifts and when.\nBeth Israel's nurse-in-chief ranks as an equal with other vice presidents of the hospital. She  is also a member of the Medical Executive Committee. which in most hospitals includes only  doctors.", "id": "high5150.txt"}