{"answers": ["B", "C"], "options": [["her sons don't live far away from her home", "her parents and children are still alive", "her parents are coming to her house to spend Mother's Day", "her sons can please her on Sunday with a phone call"], ["young people nowadays tend to ignore their parents", "parents should not give their children too much freedom", "children's happiness and success are the biggest comfort to parents", "parents are not the center of their children's universe when children grow up"]], "questions": ["The author is deeply grateful for the present life because   _  .", "According to the author   _"], "article": "Every year, I tell my sons what I'd like for Mother's Day: a letter. Something written from the heart and offered freely rather than bought from a store and wrapped neatly. I don't always get my wish, nor do I always take the time to write to my own mother.\nThis year, my boys will be in two different states on Mother's Day. My mom and dad will be away together, and I'11 be driving home from a writer's workshop in Massachusetts. Thinking of the fact that many friends have already lost their mothers and that a few have lost children, I am deeply grateful that what separates us, for now at least, is merely distance. It won't always be so, and there is no way to prepare for that fact other than to appreciate the moment that is. My sons know that they can please me on Sunday with a phone call or an e-mail, and that is enough as I love their words. The very best gift they can possibly give me is their own happiness, the very fact of their busy. full and well-lived lives.\nStill, knowing that my years of staying with my sons are over, I do Feel _ . The truth is, I miss being the center of the universe to two little boys. And this holiday can be a bit painful.\nI wonder if my own mother ever felt nostalgic ('VTIH WJ) for the passing of my childhood. I wonder if she realizes that she is still at the center of my universe and always has been. I don't often pause to think about it. but of course she is the one who has been right there, at my side from the moment I drew my very first breath. How to ever fully appreciate the woman whose presence and 1ove and example have shaped me into the adult I am? How to describe even a small part of the sharing. sacrificing. and support she has given me over the years?", "id": "high5152.txt"}