{"answers": ["A", "B", "C"], "options": [["pay more attention to his study", "keep silent in the room", "finish his homework on time", "get right answers"], ["the importance of parents", "the old form of education", "the relationship between kids and their parents", "the good grades of some kids"], ["Study hard and you'll be successful", "Be friendly to your children", "Children's success in their own style", "Parents' help with their children's study"]], "questions": ["At the beginning, the author tried to keep his son seated in order to make him   _  .", "Inspired by the case of his son, the author began to doubt   _  .", "Which of the following would be the best title of the passage?"], "article": "I am a strong believer that if a child is raised with approval, he will learn to love himself and will be successful in his own way.\nSeveral weeks ago, I was doing homework with my son in the third grade and he kept standing up from his chair to go over the math lines. I kept asking him to sit down, telling him that he would concentrate better. He sat but seconds later, as if he didn't even notice he was doing it, he got up again. I was getting frustrated, but then it hit me. I started noticing his answers were much quicker and accurate   when he stood up. Could he be more intent   while standing up?\nThis made me start questioning myself and what I had been raised to believe. I was raised to believe that a quiet, calm child was a sure way to success. This child would have the discipline   to study hard, get good grades and become someone important in life.www.zxxk.com\nNow those same people perhaps come to realize that their kids are born with their own sets of DNA and personality traits   and all you can do is loving and accepting them. As parents, throughout their growing years and beyond that, we need to be our kids' best cheer leaders, guiding them and helping them find their way.\nI have stopped asking my son to sit down and concentrate. Obviously, he is concentrating just in his own way and not mine. We need to learn to accept our kids' ways of doing things. Some way may have worked for me but doesn't mean we need to carry it through generations. There is nothing sweeter than being individual   and unique  . It makes us free and happy and that's just the way I want my kids to live their own life.", "id": "high5159.txt"}