{"answers": ["A", "C", "D", "D", "B"], "options": [["they had different views on things", "they lived very far from each other", "they only communicated by phone", "they seldom went to see each other"], ["Because his father invited him to go fishing.", "Because he decided to live in a different city.", "Because his father is ill and needs caring.", "Because he regretted being rude to his father."], ["helps cure his father's disease", "is a good way to get close to nature", "makes him realize the importance of exercise", "offers a chance for them to communicate"], ["The writer's car is always breaking down.", "Father intended me to be a fisherman.", "I was unwilling to come back.", "Father used to think it was useless to attend college.."], ["Forgiving Is Difficult", "Fishing Brings Us Together", "Memories of Old Days", "My Beloved Father"]], "questions": ["The author and his father became further apart because  _  .", "What made the author come back to Tennessee?", "For the author,fishing with his old father  _   .", "According to the passage, which of the following is TRUE?", "What can be the best title for the text?"], "article": "When I was a kid, I was close to my dad, but as I grew older, my dad and I grew further apart. We always had totally different opinions. He thought that college was a waste of time, but for me it was important to finish college. He wanted me to work my way to the top as he had done in his field, but I wanted a different life. There was a time when we did not talk with each other.\nA few months ago, I heard that my 84-year-old dad was in poor health. When he called and asked whether I could move from Colorado back to Tennessee to help him, I knew he was seriously ill. I am his only child and so it was time to meet my father's requirement.\nTwo weeks after moving back, we bought a boat and started fishing again. Fishing was one of the few things that we did while I was young and that we both enjoyed. It is strange but true that as we are fishing we are able to put things that have kept us apart for so many years behind us. We are able to talk about things that we have never talked about before. Fishing has been healing the old wounds that have kept us apart\nIt is not important how many fish we catch. It is about enjoying the relationship that we have not had for years. I'm 62 and he is 84. When we are on the lake fishing, it is like two kids enjoying life. It is far better to find a way to put the unhappy past behind. I am so lucky to spend the happy time with my father in his last years. Now my heart is filled with love. A smile always graces my lips.", "id": "high5166.txt"}