{"answers": ["B", "C", "C"], "options": [["A city that submits a proposal", "A majority winner in voting", "A city that has perfect time zone", "One that hasn't hosted the Games"], ["can't broadcast popular events live in the best viewing hours", "will be forbidden to broadcast live sporting events", "are willing to pay much higher amounts for television rights", "will not pay for the Canadian television networks"], ["How to host Olympic Games", "Winner or loser", "Applying for host for Olympics", "The Olympic Games"]], "questions": ["_  will be determined to host the Olympic Games by the IOC.", "If the Games take place in Canada, American television networks  _  .", "Which of the following can be the best title of this passage?"], "article": "If a city wishes to  host the Olympics, it must submit a proposal  to the IOC. After all proposals have been submitted, the IOC votes. If no city with the fewest votes is eliminated, the voting continues, until a majority winner is determined. Typically the Games are awarded several years in advance, allowing the winning city time to prepare for the Games.\nIn selecting the site of the Olympic Games, the IOC considers a number of factors, and chiefly among them is which organizing committee seems most likely to stage the Games effectively. The IOC also considers which parts of the world have not yet hosted the Games. For instance, Tokyo, the host of the 1964 Summer Games, and Beijing, that of the 2008 Games, were chosen in part to popularize the Olympic movement in Asia. Because of growing importance television worldwide, the IOC in recent years has also taken into account the host city's time zone. Whenever the Games take place in the USA or Canada, for example, American television networks are willing to pay specially higher amounts for television rights because they can broadcast popular events live in the best viewing hours.\nOnce the Games have been awarded, it is the duty of the local organizing committee----not the IOC or the NOC of the host city's country to provide them with money. This is often done with a part of the Olympic television revenues , and corporate sponsorships , tickets sales, and other smaller revenue sources. In many cases there is also direct government support. Although many cities have achieved amounts of money by hosting the Games, the Olympics can be financially risky. When the financial gains from the Games were less than expected, the city was left with large debts.", "id": "high5168.txt"}