{"answers": ["C", "B", "B"], "options": [["they are close in style to works in ancient times", "they look like works by 19th-century painters", "they draw attention to common things in life", "they depend heavily on color photography"], ["It will not be found in future works of art.", "It does not have a long-lasting standard.", "It is expressed in a fixed artistic form.", "It is lacking in modern works of art."], ["History of the arts.", "Basic questions of the arts.", "New developments in the arts.", "Use of modern technology in the arts."]], "questions": ["Leslie's paintings are extraordinary because  _  .", "What is the author's opinion of artistic reality?", "Which of the following is the main topic of the passage?"], "article": "Throughout the history of the arts, the nature of creativity has remained constant to artists. No matter what objects they select, artists are to bring forth new forces and forms that cause change-to find _ where no one has ever seen or experienced it before.\nLandscape  is another unchanging element of art. It can be found from ancient times through the 17th-century Dutch painters to the 19th-century romanticists and impressionists. In the 1970s, Alfred Leslie, one of the new American realists, continued this practice. Leslie sought out the same place where Thomas Cole, a romanticist, had produced paintings of the same scene a century and a half before. Unlike Cole who insists on a feeling of loneliness and the idea of finding peace in nature, Leslie paints what he actually sees. In his paintings, there is no particular change in emotion, and he includes ordinary things like the highway in the background. He also takes advantage of the latest developments of color photography  to help both the eye and the memory when he improves his painting back in his workroom.\nBesides, all art begs the age-old question: What is real? Each generation of artists has shown their understanding of reality in one form or another. The impressionists saw reality in brief emotional effects, the realists in everyday subjects and in forest scenes, and the Cro-Magnon cave people in their naturalistic drawings of the animals in the ancient forests. To sum up, understanding reality is a necessary struggle for artists of all periods.\nOver thousands of years the function of the arts has remained relatively constant. Past or present, Eastern or Western, the arts are a basic part of our immediate experience. Many and different are the faces of art, and together they express the basic need and hope of human beings.", "id": "high5172.txt"}