{"answers": ["A", "D", "A", "B"], "options": [["It inspired leading designers to start going green.", "It showed that designers using organic fabrics would go far.", "It served as an example of how fashion shows should be organized.", "It convinced the public that fashionable clothes should be made durable."], ["much more time is needed to finish a dress using sustainable materials", "they have to create new brands for clothes made of organic materials", "customers have difficulty telling organic from non-organic materials", "quality organic replacements for synthetics are not readily available"], ["She doesn't seem to care about it.", "She doesn't think it is sustainable.", "She is doubtful of its practical value.", "She is opposed to the idea very much."], ["Green products will soon go main stream.", "It has a very promising future.", "Consumers have the final say.", "It will appeal more to young people."]], "questions": ["What is said about Future Fashion?", "According to Scott Hahn, one big challenge to designers who will go organic is that   _  .", "What is Natalie Hormilla's attitude toward eco-fashion?", "What does the author think of green fashion?"], "article": "The January fashion show, called Future Fashion, exemplified how far green design has come. Organized by the New York-based nonprofit Earth Pledge, the show inspired many top designers to work with sustainable fabrics for the first time. Several have since made pledges to include organic fabrics in their lines.\nThe designers who undertake green fashion still face many challenges. Scott Hahn, a cofounder with Gregory of Rogan and Loomstate, which uses all-organic cotton, says high-quality sustainable materials can still be tough to find. \"Most designers with existing labels are finding there aren't comparable materials that can just replace what you're doing and what your customers are used to,\" he says. For example, organic cotton and non-organic cotton are virtually indistinguishable once woven into a dress. But some popular synthetics, like stretch nylon, still have few eco-friendly equivalents .\nThose who do make the switch are finding they have more support. Last year the influential trade show Designers & Agents stopped charging its participation fee for young green entrepreneurs who attend its two springtime shows in Los Angeles and New York and gave special recognition to designers whose collections are at least 25% sustainable. It now counts more than 50 green designers, up from fewer than a dozen two years ago. This week Wal-Mart is set to announce a major initiative aimed at helping cotton farmers go organic: it will buy transitional cotton at higher prices, thus helping to expand the supply of a key sustainable material. \"Main-stream is about to occur,\" says Hahn.\nSome analysts are less sure. Among consumers, only 18% are even aware that eco-fashion exists, up from 6% four years ago. Natalie Hormilla, a fashion writer, is an example of the unconverted consumer. When asked if she owned any sustainable clothes, she replied, \"Not that I'm aware of.\" Like most consumers, she finds little time to shop, and when she does, she's on the hunt for \"cute stuff that isn't too expensive.\" By her own admission, green just isn't yet on her mind. But thanks to the combined efforts of designers, retailers and suppliers--one day it will be.", "id": "high5174.txt"}