{"answers": ["D", "C", "B", "B"], "options": [["she is poor at cooking", "she is a church member", "she is friendly to others", "she has received others' food"], ["Her mother died when she was in hospital.", "She didn't get enough food during her pregnancy.", "She received food as well as comfort in her hard times.", "She thinks offering food is the best way to show love."], ["Her family is too poor to buy enough food.", "Her family lives not far from a church.", "Her husband is not good at cooking.", "She has a babysitter taking care of her twins."], ["A good beginning makes a good ending.", "One good turn deserves another.", "Actions speak louder than words.", "Every man has his faults."]], "questions": ["The author has given lots of food to others because  _  .", "Which of the following is TRUE about the author?", "What do we know about the author's family?", "According to the passage, which of the following conclusions can we get?"], "article": "I received a call today asking if I would be willing to bring food to a family in need. The mother was having a major operation and would be lying down for several weeks. Of course, I responded with an immediate \"Yes!\". As I planned the meal in my head, I reflected on how many times over the years I had been asked to prepare food. I have done so countless times with a very open heart.\nBut the truly amazing thing is that I have received double over the course of my life. When my mother passed away, our house was filled with fresh dinners for weeks. A woman from the church of our community stopped by each evening with some food. The gift of food was her small way of trying to ease our pain.\nLater in my life, when I was on bed rest during my pregnancy with twins, women of the church again stepped in to help. They arranged babysitting for my twoyearold daughter, and brought lovely dinners to our house. Even when I was put in the hospital, my husband would bring cooked meals to my hospital room. How we relied on these dinners to feed my tired husband and young daughter.\nFood is all about comfort. It feeds our bodies, but it can also feed our souls. When you hear people talking about their favourite holidays, it usually includes their feelings connected with sharing food. I know that I will have many more opportunities in my lifetime to prepare food for others. It is truly a gift I want to prepare and deliver to someone in need.", "id": "high5182.txt"}