{"answers": ["D", "D", "C"], "options": [["American Dreams in China", "Comrades: Almost a Love Story", "New Dream", "He's a Woman, She's a Man"], ["None", "One.", "Three.", "Two"], ["The connection with Hollywood movies.", "The weight of their common goals.", "Cheng's misfortune and Wang's ability.", "Meng's disappointment and sufferings."]], "questions": ["Which of the following films made Peter Chan a most influential director in Hong Kong?", "When the three men made preparations for American visa interviews, how many was/were offered a visa?", "What led Cheng and Wang to start a business?"], "article": "Ever since he got into the Hong Kong film industry in 1994 with He's a Woman, She's a Man, Hong Kong director, Peter Chan has been one of the industry's most powerful voices. Later in 1996, another milestone Comrades: Almost a Love Story came into being. Chan's latest film, American Dreams in China is a carefully-calculated film with an eye toward opening the mainland cinema market.\nAmerican Dreams in China is a film purely for Chinese audiences, but how it plays there remains to be seen. It sends the right messages, but whether that's enough to make it a hit is everyone's guess. Mainland audiences aren't quite that easy to \"speak\" to.\nThe film began during the period of economic reforms in China in the 1980s. The bookish farm boy Cheng Dongqing (Huang Xiaoming), the ambitious and confident boy Meng Xiaojun (Deng Chao) and the poetic Wang Yang(Tong Dawei), were three friends at university in Beijing and preparing for American visa interviews. Wang was the first to be _ the visa but he gave it up for his western girlfriend, and Cheng was repeatedly denied. Only Meng actually got a study visa. As he was leaving, he told his friends that he wouldn't come back.\nSeveral years later, Cheng and Wang built a successful school, New Dream, from the ashes of Cheng's misfortune(his girlfriend got a visa too, and Cheng lost his university teaching job) and Wang's ability to connect with students often through Hollywood movies. In America, Meng suffered a lot. Disappointed, he went home and joined his friends at New Dream. Later, the three friends' relationship became worsened, but finally was improved under the weight of their common goals.", "id": "high5201.txt"}