{"answers": ["B", "C", "A", "B"], "options": [["are the things we do before we find happiness", "may help us relax and forget our problems sometimes", "will lead us to the true happiness", "could provide long-last positive effects"], ["possess happiness because they are rich and famous", "experience almost all kinds of happy things", "tell us happiness isn't equal to fun using their own stories", "have to suffer a lot before they become successful"], ["they believe happiness is the fun life without pain", "they find pain equals unhappiness", "they fear to lose what they already have in life", "They are afraid all their efforts were in vain"], ["describe the difference between happiness and fun", "show the true meaning of happiness", "encourage people to pursue fun activities", "advise people to find their real life"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, \"fun activities\"   _  .", "In the author's opinion, those Hollywood stars   _  .", "It is difficult for people to find real happiness because   _  .", "The main purpose of the text is to   _  ."], "article": "I live in Hollywood. You may think people in such an attractive, fun-filled place are happier than others. If so, you have some mistaken ideas about the nature of happiness.\nMany intelligent people still equate happiness with fun. The truth is that fun and happiness have little or nothing in common. Fun is what we experience during an act. Happiness is what we experience after an act. It is a deeper, more long-lasting emotion. Going to an amusement park or ball game, watching a movie or television, are fun activities that help us relax, temporarily forget our problems and maybe even laugh. But they do not bring happiness, because their positive effects end when the fun ends.\nI have often thought that if Hollywood stars have a role to play, it is to teach us that happiness has nothing to do with fun. These rich, beautiful individuals have constant access to exciting parties, fancy cars, expensive homes, everything that spells \"happiness\". But in memoir  after memoir, celebrities reveal the unhappiness hidden beneath all their fun: depression, alcoholism, drug addiction, broken marriages, troubled children, and long-time loneliness.\nThe way people hold on to the belief that a fun-filled, pain-free life equates happiness actually decreases their chances of ever attaining real happiness. If fun and pleasure are equated with happiness, then pain must be equated with unhappiness. But, in fact, the opposite is true: More times than not, things that lead to happiness involve some pain.\nAs a result, many people avoid the very efforts that are the source of true happiness. They fear the pain inevitably brought by such things as marriage, raising children, professional achievement, religious commitment, charitable work and self-improvement.", "id": "high5204.txt"}