{"answers": ["D", "D"], "options": [["Because he thought the mule was of little use.", "Because he didn't like the praying made by the mule.", "Because he thought the well couldn't be used any longer after the accident.", "Because he didn't want to see the mule suffer more in the well."], ["The farmer", "The farmer's neighbors", "The farmer and his neighbors", "The mule himself"]], "questions": ["Why did the farmer decide to bury the mule in the well?", "Who saved the mule at last?"], "article": "This parable is told of a farmer who owned an old mule . The mule fell into the farmer's well. The farmer heard the mule praying for whatever mules do when they fall into wells. After carefully assessing the situation, the farmer sympathized with the mule, but decided that neither the mule nor the well was worth the trouble of saving. Instead, he called his neighbors together , told them what had happened, and asked them to help pour dirt to bury the old mule in the well and put him out his misery.\nAt the beginning, the old mule was crazy! But as the farmer and his neighbors continued shovelling and the dirt hit his back, _ . It suddenly dawned on him that every time a shovel load of dirt landed on his back, he would shake it off and step up!\nThis he did, blow after blow. \"Shake it off and step up... shake it off and step up... shake it off and step up!\" He repeated to encourage himself. No matter how painful the blows, or how distressing the situation seemed, the old mule fought panic and just kept right on shaking it off and stepping up!\nIt wasn't long before the old mule, battered and exhausted, stepped triumphantly over the wall of that well! What seemed like it would bury him actually helped him... all because of the manner in which he handled his adversity .\nThat's life! If we face our problems and respond to them positively, and refuse to give in to panic, bitterness, or self-pity.\nThe adversities that come along to bury us usually have within them the very real potential to benefit us! Never be afraid to try something new. Remember that amateurs built the boat. Professionals built the Titanic.", "id": "high5207.txt"}