{"answers": ["B", "B"], "options": [["George's parents gave birth to three children.", "The Georges is a double income family.", "They recycled soda cans.", "The children had more arguments during the summer."], ["how excited a child will be on his first day to school", "how deeply a mother loves her child", "how many efforts a mother has made to raise a child", "how a mother plans her future life after her children go to school"]], "questions": ["Which statement is NOT TRUE about George's family according to the letter?", "The passage tries to show us   _  ."], "article": "George, when your big brother and your little dog and I walked you up to school today, you had no idea how I was feeling.\nYou were so excited. You had packed and unpacked your pencils and safety scissors in your backpack a dozen times. I am really going to miss those lazy mornings when we waved your brother and sister off to school.\nBecause you are my youngest, I had learned a few things by the time you came along. I found out that the seemingly endless days of babyhood are gone like lightning. I blinked , and your siblings  were setting off for school as eagerly as you did this morning, I was one of the lucky ones; I could choose whether to work or not. By the time it was your turn, _ . A splash in the pool with you in your bright red boots or \"just one more\" rereading of your favorite book, Frog and Toad Are Friends, meant more. You didn't go to preschool and I hope that doesn't hold you back. You learned numbers by helping me count the soda cans we returned to the store.\nI have to admit that in my mind's eye, an image of myself while you're in school has developed, I see myself updating all the photo albums and starting that novel I always wanted to write. As the summer wound down and more frequent quarrels erupted  between you and your siblings, I was looking forward to today. And then this morning, I walked you up the steep hill to your classroom and you gave me one of your characteristically fierce, too-tight hugs. This time you were ready to let go before I was.\nMaybe someday you will deliver a kindergartner to the first day of school. When you turn at the door to wave good-bye, he or she will be too deep in conversation with a new friend to notice. Even as you smile, you'll feel something warm on your cheek.", "id": "high521.txt"}