{"answers": ["C", "B", "A"], "options": [["he is out of work", "whatever he does makes no sense", "he can enjoy himself in his leisure time", "he is worried about his writing"], ["The writer is unwilling to help others since he is selfish.", "Slowing down to find deep-down joy is necessary.", "It is better to go back to the ancient times since we are so busy now.", "We have more to say because we have more ways to communicate."], ["The importance of spending time in quiet.", "We can do some sports such as yoga to relax.", "To feel better, we should do nothing at all.", "The more we communicate, the better we will feel."]], "questions": ["The writer sometimes doesn't do anything because   _  .", "Which of the following is right?", "What is the main idea of the article?"], "article": "Nowadays more and more people are trapped in too busy work to relax themselves. We have no time to tell a bed-time story to our children, or enjoy a nice dinner with our family, or take a break to think about how we live the precious life, or even meet friends. All we notice is that the distinctions that used to guide and steady us --between Sunday and Monday, public and private, here and there--are gone. We have more ways to communicate, but less and less to say. Partly because we're so busy communicating.\nMaybe that's why more and more people I know, even if they have no religious belief, seem to be turning to yoga, or meditation, or tai chi. Some friends of mine try to go on long walks every Sunday, or to \"forget\" their cell phones at home. A series of tests in recent years has shown that their brains become both calmer and sharper after spending time in quiet rural settings.\nIn my own case, I often turn to extreme measures to try to keep my sanity and ensure that I have time to do nothing at all. I've not yet used a cell phone and I've never Tweeted or entered Face book. I try not to go online till my day's writing is finished, and I moved from Manhattan to rural Japan.\nNone of this is a matter of principle or asceticism  : it's just pure selfishness. Nothing makes me feel better-----calmer, clearer and happier----than being in one place, absorbed in a book, a conversation, a piece of music. It's actually something deeper than mere happiness: it's joy, which David Steindl-Rast describes as \"that kind of happiness that doesn't depend on what happens.\" That is the highest of the highest we have been longing for--The Joy of Quiet.", "id": "high5211.txt"}