{"answers": ["C", "C", "B", "D"], "options": [["the poor look of the temple Angkor Wat in 1980", "the history of the temple Angkor Wat", "the repair work being done to the temple Angkor Wat", "the difficulty in the repair work"], ["The women workers.", "The Indian workers", "Machines", "Skilled workers"], ["Two", "Three", "Four", "Five"], ["To get rid of certain types of plants.", "To carry the building materials.", "To replace the stones.", "To clean the stones."]], "questions": ["This passage mainly tells   _  .", "According to the author, which of the following plays the LEAST important role in the repair work?", "To clean the stone, how many steps should be followed?", "Which work needs a lot of time to do?"], "article": "My first visit to Angkor Wat  was in 1980. The country had been at war for many years and _ and falling to pieces. Plants were growing out of the roofs, and trees were growing in the courtyards.\nToday, the temple is the scene of a busy repair program. A team of 15 Indian experts are organizing a workforce of 400 Cambodians, most of them women, who are cleaning, repairing and rebuilding parts of this temple.\nAs I walked through the courtyards, I noticed the Cambodian women devote hours to cleaning carefully a tiny area of stone. Boards are laid down to protect the precious painted stones while the repair work is going on. There are very few machines and little heavy equipment. Workers carry building materials in buckets at the end of long poles. Piles of stones lie in a corner of the courtyard, waiting to be replaced.\nThe work of cleaning the stones is watched over by three Indian chemists. It is a very slow task. First they clean the stones with brushes using buckets of a weak chemical. Then gaps between the stones are filled in. Finally another material is painted onto the stones which will protect them from water forever.\nWork starts every day at 7 a. m. and goes on until late afternoon six days a week, with a break at midday.\nEvening is the best time to visit the temple, after the tour groups have left. As the sun sinks lower, shadows spread across the courtyard. After sunset, the sky turns pink. The grey stone towers take on a golden color before turning pink. Nowhere else in the world can there be such a quiet, beautiful place.", "id": "high5215.txt"}