{"answers": ["C", "C", "A", "D"], "options": [["The tools he uses.", "His ways of learning.", "The way he uses his tools.", "The various tools he uses."], ["the importance of information", "the difference between scientists and ordinary people", "the importance of thinking", "the difference between carpenters and ordinary people"], ["works under one set of conditions at one time and also works under the same conditions at other times", "doesn't allow any change even under different conditions", "leave no room for improvement.", "can be used for many purposes"], ["Scientists are different from ordinary people.", "The Theory of Relativity.", "Exactness is the core of science.", "Exactness and way of using tools are the keys to making of a scientist."]], "questions": ["What makes a scientist according to the passage?", "\"...knowing how to investigate,how to discover information,is important to everyone.\" The writer says this to show  _  .", "A sound  scientific theory should be one that  _  .", "What is the main idea of the passage?"], "article": "What makes a person a scientist?Does he have ways or tools of learning that are different from those of others?The answer is \"no\". It isn't the tools a scientist uses but how he uses these tools which make him a scientist. You will probably agree that knowing how to use a power is important to a carpenter .You will probably agree,too,that _ The scientist,however,goes one step further;he must be sure that he has a reasonable answer to his questions and that his answer he gets to many questions is into a large set of ideas about how the world works.\nThe scientist's knowledge must be exact. There's no room for half right or right just half the time. He must be as nearly right as the conditions permit. What works under one set of conditions at one time must work under the same conditions at other times. If the conditions are different,any changes the scientist observes in a demonstration must be explained by the changes in the conditions. This is one reason why investigations are important in science. Albert Einstein,who developed the Theory of Relativity,arrived at this theory through mathematics. The accuracy of his mathematics was later tested through investigation. Einstein's ideas were proved to be correct. A scientist uses many tools for measurements. Then the measurements are used to make mathematical calculations that may test his investigations.", "id": "high5241.txt"}