{"answers": ["A", "D", "B", "D"], "options": [["They should make them appealing to readers.", "They should copy others' ideas.", "They should change some facts to make them interesting.", "They should describe them as they are."], ["Making the contents interesting.", "Getting the facts right.", "Meeting the deadline.", "Making the end ordinary."], ["they should write originally", "they can type their stories as they like", "they should follow some rules", "they should hand in their stories in time"], ["Late stories can be faxed if necessary.", "Entry needs no fee.", "Winners can have their stories printed in other magazines.", "All stories should be presented by mail."]], "questions": ["How should writers deal with ordinary situations while writing?", "What shouldn't a writer do?", "Writers should present their works in the following ways except that   _  .", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?"], "article": "Write a winning story!\nYou could win PS1,000 in this year's Fiction Prize and have your story printed in Keep Writing magazine. Ten other lucky people will win a cheque for PS100.\nOnce again, we need people who can write good stories. The judges, who include Mary Littlejohn, the novelist, Michael Brown, the television reporter, and Susan Hitchins, the editor of Keep Writing, are looking for interesting and original stories. Detective fiction was extremely popular last year, although the competition winner produced a love story. You can write down about whatever you want but here's some advice to start your thinking:\nWrite about what you know\nThis is the advice which every writer should pay attention to and, last year, nearly everyone who wrote for us did exactly that. Love, family, problems with friends ---- these were the main subjects of the stories. However, you need to turn ordinary situations into something interesting that people will want to read about. Make the reader want to continue reading by writing about ordinary things in a new and surprising way.\nGet your facts right\nIt's no good giving a description of a town or explaining how a jet engine works if you get it wrong. So avoid writing anything unless you're certain about it.\nHold the reader's attention\nMake the beginning interesting and the ending a surprise. There is nothing worse than a poor ending. Develop the story carefully and try to think of something unusual happening at the end.\nThink about the characters\nTry to bring the people in your story alive for the reader by using well-chosen words to make them seem real.\nYour story must be your own work, between 2,000 and 2,5000 words and typed, double-spaced, on one side only of each sheet of paper.\nEven if you're in danger of missing the closing date, we are unable to accept stories by fax or email. You must include the application form with your story. Unfortunately your story cannot be returned, nor can we discuss our decisions.\nYou should not have had any fiction printed in any magazine or book in this country ---- a change in the rules by popular request ---- and the story must not have happened in print or in recorded form, for example on radio or TV, anywhere in the world.\nYour fee of PS5 will go to the Writers' Association. Make your cheque payable to Keep Writing and send it with the application form and your story to:\nKeep Writing\n75 Broad Street Birmingham\nB12 4TG\nThe closing date is 30 July and we will inform the winner within one month of this date. Please note that if you win, you must agree to have your story printed in our magazine.", "id": "high5244.txt"}