{"answers": ["C", "B", "A", "B"], "options": [["the importance of friendship", "the advantages  of friendship", "the problems of friendship", "the disadvantages  of friendship"], ["one is honest", "one is selfish", "one is open", "one is kind"], ["to treat your friend as you like to be", "to give your friends whatever you have", "not to hurt your friends' feelings", "not to think of your own need any more"], ["To have a comfortable life.", "To build stronger and healthier friendships.", "To be treated the way you want.", "To get a boyfriend or girlfriend more quickly."]], "questions": ["This passage mainly talks about   _  .", "According to the writer, problems with friendship may appear when   _  .", "According to the passage, the first and most important thing to be other people's friend is   _  .", "What's the purpose of understanding how to deal with friendship problems?"], "article": "Friendships can be difficult -- because often people aren't as honest and open as they should be. Sometimes, people finally get hurt.\nMost problems with friendships come up because people are just too selfish to care about the things that their friends need. They care about their own needs much more, which makes it hard for friendships to work. However, being selfish is part of human nature. A person is put together in order to take care of themselves and their own needs, not necessarily those needs of other people. Even though being selfish is something that all humans are born with, it is something that everyone should be against.\nThe best thing to remember when you are a friend to anyone is that you need to treat your friends the same way that you'd like to be treated . This is wonderful advice for a friendship, because it is really the only way to make sure that you are giving your friends everything you would want to be given in a friendship. Whenever you have a question about how you should treat a friend, it is easy to find an answer simply by asking yourself what you would like your friend to do for you, if he or she was in your shoes.\nEven if you're always thinking about how you'd like to be treated, and your friends are too, there are problems that come up from time to time in each friendship, and it is important to understand how to deal with these problems so that you can build stronger and healthier friendships. Problems like friends getting boyfriends or girlfriends and not spending enough time with their friends, or even friends finding new friends and leaving old friends behind are problems that will probably come up with one or more of your friendships. It is important to know how to deal with these friend problems so that you can keep your friends and make new ones. No one wants to have a broken friendship.", "id": "high5245.txt"}