{"answers": ["C", "B", "B", "D"], "options": [["Because they have no time.", "Because they are tired of them.", "Because they are always hungry.", "Because they have other interesting things to do."], ["200", "193", "7", "6"], ["He was a farmer in Kenya.", "He has never received any food aid.", "His traditional way of life ha s been changed.", "He found it hard to raise animals after the drought."], ["To show drought is serious in the world.", "To tell readers the serious situation of food shortage .", "To ask more people to give food aid to people in Kenya.", "To make it clear what is the right way to help people suffering from drought."]], "questions": ["Why do people in Turkana no longer sing or dance any more?", "During the drought Tede had experienced,   _  of his goats were killed.", "Which of the following is NOT true about Tede Lokapelo?", "What's the author's purpose in writing the text?"], "article": "Earlier this year I traveled to Turkana in Kenya. I was there to take pictures of the \"broken food system\".\nAs a special visitor, I was greeted with songs and dances. The locals used to sing and dance all the time but now Turkana is silent and has been for some years. No one is singing or dancing any more because they have no food, nothing to celebrate. Many of them are surviving on a little corn a day and water, which they can get just every two days.\nI met Tede Lokapelo, a local farmer who described the experience of a six-year drought . Tede used to have 200 goats, but now he has only seven left. He told me that this drought has taught him a hard lesson: It is too difficult to keep animals. He lives on animals. His traditional way of life has been completely destroyed now. Without the food aid  they got, Tede is certain that they would starve because there are no other ways to feed themselves left.\nSadly, the same can be heard in almost any developing country around the world. Almost one billion people go to bed hungry each night. The food system is broken. In Turkana, not enough rain has fallen since 2005. They measure  rainfall not in days or weeks but in minutes. More and more people are being forced to rely on food aid, but people like Tede don't want food aid. They want to work and develop their country. It's our responsibility  to change the situation so that they can support themselves.\nDrought is impossible to avoid but famine  is manmade, and unless enough money is provided to develop a basic infrastructure  for people in the area, thousands more lives are sure to be lost.", "id": "high5247.txt"}