{"answers": ["D", "D", "A", "C"], "options": [["on their first day of life", "even before they were born", "before five or six months old", "at or after five or six months old"], ["smiles", "cries", "facial expressions", "body language"], ["what affects people's healthy development", "what influences babies' learning ability", "how to cure some children's health problems", "how to develop children's learning ability"], ["The evaluation method of the tests.", "The cause of low birth weight babies.", "The result of the intelligence and motor skill tests.", "The evidence proving babies began to learn before birth."]], "questions": ["According to the passage, some people used to think that babies began to learn   _  .", "Babies learn to connect and communicate with other people through  _  .", "The Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development tries to find out   _  .", "What will be mentioned in the following passage?"], "article": "Not long ago, many people believed that babies only wanted food and to be kept warm and dry. Some people thought babies were not able to learn things until they were five or six months old.\nYet doctors in the United States say babies begin learning on their first day of life. The Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development is a federal government agency. Its goal is to determine which experiences can influence healthy development in people.\nResearchers at the institute note that babies are strongly influenced by their environment. They say a baby will smile if her mother does something the baby likes. A baby learns to get the best care possible by smiling to please her mother or other caregiver. This is how babies learn to connect and communicate with other people.\nThe researchers say this ability to learn exists in a baby even before birth. They say newborn babies can recognize and understand sounds they heard while they were still developing inside their mothers.\nAnother study has suggested that low birth weight babies with no evidence of disability may be more likely than other children to have physical and mental problems.\nAmerican researchers studied almost five hundred boys and girls. They were born in, or admitted to, one of three hospitals in New Jersey between 1984 and 1987. At birth, each child weighed fewer than two thousand grams.\nThe boys and girls had an average age of sixteen at the time of the study. They were asked to complete intelligence and motor skill tests in their homes. Their test results were compared with those of other children their age.", "id": "high5254.txt"}