{"answers": ["C", "B", "A", "A"], "options": [["beauty should be overweight", "a fat man is usually a cheerful character", "fatness was considered something good at one time", "fatness leads to an increased risk of disease"], ["go on a diet", "do regular physical activity", "give up smoking", "go to the gym"], ["an increased risk of diseases", "a happier life", "a cheerful character", "a beauty"], ["how to keep fit and avoid fatness.", "increased risks for overweight people.", "the dangers of exercise in the gym.", "the benefit of a balanced diet."]], "questions": ["Mr.Pickwick and the paintings of the 18m century are used as examples to show that  _  .", "According to Sir Liam Donaldson, we should  _  .", "At present being overweight indicates   _  .", "What is the passage mainly about?"], "article": "Doctors in Britain are warning of an obesity time bomb, when children who are already overweight grow up. So, what should we do? Exercise more? Eat less? Or both? The government feels it has to take responsibility for this expanding problem.\nThe cheerful Mr. Pickwick, the hero of the novel by Charles Dickens, is seen in illustrations as someone who is plump and happy. In 18th century paintings, beauty is equated (...) with rounded bodies and soft curves. But nowadays being overweight is seen as indicating neither a cheerful character nor beauty but an increased risk of heart disease, stroke and diabetes.\nSo what do you do? Diet? Not according to England's chief medical officer, Sir Liam Donaldson. He says that physical activity is the key for reducing the risks of obesity, cancer and heart disease. And the Health Secretary John Reid even said that being inactive is as serious a risk factor in heart disease as smoking.\nSo, having bought some _ , how much exercise should you do? According to Sir Liam Donaldson, at least 30 minutes of moderate activity five days a week. Is going to the gym the answer? Luckily for those who think that running machines are boring, the Health Development Agency believes that physical activity that fits into people's lives may be more effective. They suggest taking the stairs rather than the lift, walking up escalators, playing active games with your children, dancing or gardening. And according to a sports psychologist, Professor Biddle, gyms \"are not making the nation fit\", and may even cause harm.\nThere's new scientific evidence that too much exercise may actually be bad for you. Scientists at the University of Ulster have found that unsuitable exercise releases dangerous free radicals that can adversely (oppositely) affect normal function in unfit people. The only people who should push their bodies to that level of exercise on a regular basis are trained athletes.\nSo, should we forget about gyms and follow some expert's advice to reduce sedentary   activities and increase exercise in our daily life? After all, getting off the bus a stop early and walking the rest of the way can't do any harm! One final thought. How come past generations lacked gym facilities but were leaner and fitter than people today?", "id": "high5277.txt"}