{"answers": ["A", "C", "D"], "options": [["be practical", "control others", "avoid risks", "depend on others"], ["Self-confidence is usually the symbol of special abilities.", "Parents' protection prevents children's self-confidence development.", "Parents and friends matter in building one's self-confidence.", "College students are the least self-confident group in society."], ["How we can become more acceptable.", "Lack of self-confident has many side effects.", "What self-confident children usually get from parents.", "What one should avoid in building self-confidence."]], "questions": ["According to the passage, self-confident people tend to  _  .", "Which of the following can we learn about self-confidence according to the passage?", "What might the author most probably continue to talk about in the following passage?"], "article": "Self-confidence is an attitude which allows individuals to have positive yet realistic views of themselves and their situations. Self-confident people trust their own abilities, have a general sense of control in their lives, and believe that,within reason, they will be able to do what they wish., plan., and expect. Having self-confidence does not mean that individuals will be able to do everything. Self-confident people have expectations that are realistic. Even when some of their expectations are not met,they continue to be positive and to accept themselves.\nPeople who are not self-confident depend too much on the approval of others in order to feel good about themselves. They tend to avoid taking risks because they fear failure. They generally do not expect to be successful. They often put themselves down and tend to ignore compliments paid to them By contrast,self-confident people are willing to risk the disapproval of others because they generally trust their own abilities. They tend to accept themselves;they don't feel they have to conform in order to be accepted.\nMany factors affect the development of self-confidence. Parents' attitudes are crucial to children's feelings about themselves,particularly in children's early years. When parents pro- vide acceptance, children receive a solid foundation for good feelings about themselves. If one or both parents are much to critical or demanding, or if they are overprotective and discourage children's moves toward independence, children may come to believe they are unqualified or inadequate.\nSurprisingly, lack of self-confidence is not necessarily related to lack of ability. Instead it is often the result of focusing too much on the unrealistic expectations or standards of others, especially parents and society. Friends' influences can be as powerful or more powerful than those of parents and society in shaping feelings of one's self. Students in their college years reexamine values and develop their own identities and thus are particularly sensitive to the influence of friends.", "id": "high5280.txt"}