{"answers": ["B", "D", "A"], "options": [["regarded as eco-friendly exercise", "thought of as part of people's life", "looked on as a way to lose weight", "considered as a way to entertain"], ["A large number of bikes.", "Hope for healthy life style.", "People's preference to bikes.", "Children's safety demand and lack of oil."], ["It makes cycling covered by school education.", "It encourages teenagers to cycle alone.", "It will watch over teenagers who ride bikes.", "It suggests teenagers cycling before driving."]], "questions": ["We can conclude that in the Netherlands cycling is  _  .", "Which of the following made the government improve the cycling infrastructure?", "What does the Dutch government do about teenagers cycling?"], "article": "In the Netherlands,cycling isn't seen as eccrfriendly exercise; it's part of everyday life, as it's people's top choice to school and work. There are more bicycles than residents in the Netherlands. In cities like Amsterdam and The Hague, up to 70 percent of all journeys are made by bike.\nSo how did cycling become such a popular means of transportation in the European country?\nIn the 1970s, the Dutch government began to improve its cycling infrastructure due to both a social movement demanding safer cycling condition for children and the oil crisis in the Middle East, when oil producing countries stopped their exports to Western Europe.\nTo make cycling safer and more appealing, the Dutch have built the widest cycling net- work in the world. The country has over 40,000 kilometers of bicycle lanes and paths,which are clearly marked. They have smooth surfaces,separate signs and lights for those on two wheels. The lanes are wide enough to allow side-by-side cycling and passing.\nIn many cities the bike lanes are completely segregated from motorized traffic. And in many traffic situations cyclists are given priority over drivers. Sometimes, where space is limited and both must share, you can see signs showing an image of a cyclist with a car behind accompanied by the words \"Bike Street:Cars are guests\".\nAs young people aren't allowed to drive alone until they are 18,cycling offers Dutch teen- agers an alternative form of freedom. The government also makes cycling training lessons a compulsory part of the Dutch school curriculum .\nBike parking facilities are ubiquitous in the country. Cyclists are accommodated in the way motorists are elsewhere. Take Groningen, a city in the northeastern part of the Netherlands,for example. The city's central train station has underground parking for 10,000 bikes.", "id": "high5281.txt"}