{"answers": ["B", "C", "B"], "options": [["in the living room", "in the bedroom", "in the office", "on the move"], ["The light from cell phones is harmful", "Modern people have trouble falling asleep", "Darkness can create a good sleeping environment", "Blue light can prevent sleepiness decreasing"], ["dream of it", "stay awake", "feel sleepy", "become tired"]], "questions": ["According to a recent survey, most tablet owners use their iPad   _  .", "What can we know from this passage?", "If we often play with a laptop just before sleep, we'll be more likely to   _  ."], "article": "About 35 percent of British adults sleep with teddy bears. Many more share a bed with a partner or spouse. Others still co - sleep, alongside children in a family bed.\nBut lying with your iPad? A recent survey by marketing agency Rosette found that 68 percent of tablet owners use the device in the bedroom, more than in any other location. The living room took a close second place, at 63 percent, reports AdAge. com, and only 45 percent of respondents said they use their tablets on the go.\nBut bringing devices into the bedroom is a bad idea, if quality rest is your goal. One of the most important factors of sleepiness is darkness, which signals to the brain that it's time to start speeding up production of the sleep - inducing hormone melatonin. But as the New York Times points out, in our modern world, we are exposed to light long after the sun sets. While any type of light can disturb your sleep, the blue wavelength light given off by cell phones, laptops, tablets and other gadgets is particularly troublesome. Research shows that this blue light causes alertness so decisively that it can actually be used to fight tiredness.\nAccording to the National Sleep Foundation, 95 percent of Americans use some device, whether it's a TV, laptop, cell phone or other products, within an hour of killing time. \"Artificial light exposure between dusk and the time we go to bed at night push our sleeping sense to a later hour - making it more difficult to fall asleep,\" said Charles Czeisler, Ph. D. , M. D. , chief of the division of sleep medicine at Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston.\nInstead, experts recommend turning off all devices an hour before bedtime and finding another method for relaxation, like reading a book, taking a warm bath or performing a series of calming yoga poses. It's also a good idea to exercise and lay off the caffeine several hours before bedtime.", "id": "high5284.txt"}