{"answers": ["D", "A", "B"], "options": [["attracting more public attention", "shutting down the \"myspace.com\"", "learning different ways to try other sites", "recognizing and getting away from them"], ["everybody you meet online isn't honest and reliable", "it is not acceptable to post a photo of a friend online", "it is not safe to chat with grown-ups on the website", "only you and your friends can view your personal profile"], ["Personal Safety.", "Web Safety for Teens.", "Web Hackers in the past.", "Predators' Tricks."]], "questions": ["Kids can avoid web predators successfully by  _  .", "68. We can learn from the text that  _  .", "What could be the best title of this passage?"], "article": "Of all the websites, one that has attracted attention recently is myspace.com. Most of this attention has come from the media and tells every reason why the website should be shut down. The danger of internet predators  is indeed a tough reality, but shutting down the site is not the answer. If myspace.com were shut down, another site would quickly take its place. Therefore, the right way is to teach teens how to use the site safely and educate them about who may be predators and how to avoid them.\nThe key to staying safe on the Internet is to make sure that your profile  is secure. The simplest way is to change the privacy setting on your profile to \"private\", which protects your information so that only the people on your friend list can view it. Although this is effective, it is not perfect. Predators can find ways to view your profile if they really want to, whether through hacking  in or figuring out their way onto your friend list. Thus, you should never post too much personal information. Some people actually post their home and school addresses, date of birth, and other personal information, often letting predators know exactly where they will be and when. The safest information is your first name and province. Anything more is basically inviting a predator into your life.\nAnother big problem is photos. I suggest completely skipping photos and never posting a photo of a friend online without asking permission.\nMost importantly, never, under any circumstances, agree to a real-life meeting with anyone you meet online. No matter how well you think you know this person, there are no guarantees that they have told the truth. But you could feel free to chat with people you meet on the site, but just remember that not everyone is who they say they are. Hopefully, the next time you edit your profile, you'll be more informed about the dangers of Internet predators and take the steps to defend yourself.\nLastly, do not send money to anyone you meet online. A common _ among Internet criminals is to request to pay for \"expensive Internet charges\" or \"unreasonable Internet cafe fees\". While it is indeed true that many countries in Eastern Europe, Asia, Africa and South America do not yet have Internet service readily available in all cities and towns, a sincere friend from one of these countries will be more than happy to pay their own Internet charges. Never, under any circumstances, should you send money to a stranger from another country(or within your own country for that matter) who claims monetary assistance is required to continue their contact with you.", "id": "high5289.txt"}