{"answers": ["C", "B", "A", "C"], "options": [["the reason why the Titanic sank in the Atlantic Ocean", "how the unsinkable ship of Titanic sank in the Atlantic Ocean", "the lessons that we could learn from the accident of theTitanic", "the things we should do to protect the lives on the ship"], ["If the captain had been more careful, he could have had the chance to save the Titanic.", "If radar had existed 40 years ago, the Titanic would have never disappeared from the world.", "If the lookout had had much more experience, he could have had the time to save the Titanic.", "If there had been enough lifeboats on the Titanic, the Titanic would not have sunk in the Atlantic."], ["Lessons from the Titanic", "Technology is Important", "Demands of Passengers", "Power of Sea"], ["They think there really exists the unsinkable ship.", "They think ships could eventually defeat the sea.", "They think there is no power that could control the sea.", "They think the bigger the ship is, the safer it is."]], "questions": ["The text mainly tells us   _  .", "According to the passage, which of the following could we infer?", "What would be the best title for the passage?", "What's the sailors' attitude towards the ships after the tragedy?"], "article": "\"We do look very different; we're older. Leo's 38, I'm 37. We were 21 and 22 when we made that film. You know, he's fatter now -- I'm thinner.\". So says Kate Winslet, who is thrilled at the 3-D re-release ofTitanicto coincide with the 100th anniversary of the ship's demise. \" It happens every time I get on any boat of any kind.\" She recalls. There are all the people who want her to walk to the front of the ship and re-create her famous pose, arms flung wide. Most people remember the tragedy: The British passenger ship -- said to be unsinkable -- hit an iceberg and sank on April 15, 1912, during its maiden voyage from England to New York City. More than 1,500 people died. But little known is what the world learned from the sinking to prevent future incidents.\nProbably the greatest deficiency  of the Titanic was that she was built 40 years before the widespread use of the wonderful invention radar . Her only defense against icebergs and hidden obstacles was to rely on manned lookouts. On that fateful night the eyesight of trained lookouts only provided 37 seconds of warning before the collision.\nTraveling at nearly 30 miles an hour the Titanic was moving far too fast to avoid the huge iceberg. The warning did prevent a head-on collision as the officer on the bridge managed to turn the ship slightly.\nThe last ship to send a warning was the California. She was within ten miles of the Titanic during the disaster, but her radio operator went to bed at midnight and never received any of the SOS messages from the Titanic. That was one of the important lessons learned from the catastrophe, the need for 24-hour radio operators on all passenger liners.\nAnother lesson learned was the need for more lifeboats. The Titanic remained afloat  for almost three hours and most of the passengers could have been saved with enough lifeboats.\n1,500 passengers and workers died in the 28 degree waters of the Atlantic. Out of the tragedy, the sinking did produce some important maritime reforms. The winter travel routes were changed to the south and the Coast Guard began to keep an eye on the location of all icebergs. The new rules for lifeboats were obvious to all. There must be enough lifeboats for everybody on board.\nThe most important lesson learned was that no one would ever again consider a ship unsinkable- no matter how large or how well constructed. Never again would sailors place their faith in a ship above the power of the sea.", "id": "high531.txt"}