{"answers": ["D", "D", "A", "B"], "options": [["He set a good example to his daughter.", "He tried to force his values on his daughter.", "He gained much pleasure from his work.", "He achieved great success at the expense of his health."], ["She doesn't care about it at all.", "She is eager to get promoted", "She thinks it's for the ambitious people", "Getting promoted at all costs is not worthwhile"], ["by giving examples", "by making comparisons", "by describing process", "by order of time"], ["To praise his father's diligence", "To ask us to take time off work to enjoy life", "To complain about the strict work ethic", "To stress the importance of hard work"]], "questions": ["Which of the following about the author's father is true?", "What's the author's attitude toward promotion?", "This text is developed  _  .", "What does the writer intend to tell us?"], "article": "I believe in leaving work at five o'clock. In a nation with such a strict work ethic  , this is considered strange. Working only 40 hours a week? I just don't know many people who punch out   at five o'clock anymore.\nMy father tried to teach me the importance of hard work, long hours and devotion to a career. But then there are the things he taught me unintentionally, like when he arrived home from work for the last time and crawled up the stairs.\nMy father, a self-employed sales trainer, was that sick, that tired. His body was wracked with liver cancer, and he suffered the effects of a diabetic ulcer . Despite all this, he insisted on traveling a long way to give a lecture. He probably earned a lot of money that day, but he paid the price. He returned to the hospital soon afterwards and was dead within three months, aged just 58.\nIt's been 10 years since I saw my father come home that night and since then, I've thought a lot about work. I've decided something: I will never crawl up the stairs exhausted. As much as I love my job as a newspaper reporter, I will never work myself into the ground, physically or emotionally. _ After all, I am my father's daughter. In college, I was the girl who sat on the library steps each morning, waiting for the doors to open. I even dreamt about schoolwork.\nMy dad once told me he was unable to just gaze at a sunset; he had to be doing something as he looked at it--writing, reading, playing chess. You could say he was a success: He was a published author, an accomplished musician, fluent in many languages. That's an impressive list, but the thing is I want to gaze at sunsets. I don't want to meet a deadline during them or be writing a column at the same time, or glance at them over the top of a book.\nThis raises the question: If I leave work at five o' clock to watch the sunset, what are the consequences? Do I risk not reaching the top of my profession? Maybe, because honestly, knocking off after eight hours probably won't earn me the best promotion. But hey, leaving work at five o' clock means I eat dinner with my family. I get to hop on my bike and cycle through the streets of my hometown when there is no traffic.\nAnd I get to take in a lot of sunsets. That's got to be worth something.", "id": "high5319.txt"}