{"answers": ["C", "D"], "options": [["They are easier to plant.", "Their roots develop better.", "They are cheap to transport", "Their leaves need no water"], ["not water roses in the morning", "protect the roots of roses", "improve the quality of the soil", "not water roses very much"]], "questions": ["Why does Jeffrey Dinslage suggest planting bare-root roses?", "According to Jeffrey Dinslage, people should   _   to avoid the spots on the rose leaves."], "article": "Most kinds of rose plants come from Asia. But roses are also native to other areas including northwest Africa, Europe and the United States. In 1986, Congress chose the rose as America's national flower. Technically, Congress and President Ronald Reagan declared it the \"national floral emblem.\" Whatever the name, the decision did not smell sweet to supporters of others popular flowers.\nSome people say roses are difficult to grow. But you have a good chance of success if you start with a few suggestions from experts. You should plant your roses where they can get sunshine for about six hours on bright days. You can buy roses form a garden center or by mail order. You can buy potted roses, also known as container roses, or bare-root plants. Each kind has its fans.\nSome gardeners say potted roses are easier to plant. They say the roots develop better. But Jeffrey Dinslage, an expert, pint out that bare-root roses come without soil. So they weigh less to transport.\nAnother expert advises getting bare-foot roses as close to planting time as you can. If they arrive before you are ready to plant them, make sure the packing material is moist. Keep the plants in a cool, dark place. The resting plants have no leaves but still need water. When growing roses, the soil should feel _ deep down. Watering should be done in the morning.\nBut do not water too much. People often ask Jeffrey Dinslage about unhealthy discoloration on rose leaves. He says the spots are usually caused by too much water. After heavy rains or too much watering, he advises pulling away mulch, the substance used to protect the roots, temporarily from around the roots. This will help dry the soil.", "id": "high5324.txt"}