{"answers": ["B", "D"], "options": [["make more money in the future", "acquire more experience", "get a better job", "become more responsible"], ["College graduates shouldn't pursue graduate degrees", "College graduates should think twice", "How can college graduates make more money?", "Students use graduate school to avoid reality"]], "questions": ["College graduates who go to work can   _   than those who pursue graduate degrees.", "What would be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "It seems that many college graduates are unsure of what to do with their lives, so they jump back into the college scene by default . But graduate school is costly, time consuming and requires a lot of in-depth study, and also parents will lay down more money and banks will supply more student loans.\nHowever, there are some students who should be pursuing graduate degrees. Teachers, lawyers, doctors, professors and ministers are a few examples of those who will benefit from class work past a bachelor's degree. Their professions call for additional courses and more specialization and therefore higher education is a must. Still, all students in general should not adopt the idea that graduate school is necessary for individuals who want to make more money. Working hard right after college can lead to promotions in the future. It seems that it does more good to network or internship with professionals while pursing a bachelor's degree than it does to complete a master's and distant oneself from the world of work.\nIf a student graduates with a four-year degree and immediately enters the work force , he will most likely start an entry-level pay. In a couple of years this employee will gain seniority and experience, therefore increasing their chance for pay rise. He will learn the information at his job-site that he did not learn in school. His bachelor's degree loan can be immediately _ ,and his maturity level can increase as real work related responsibilities set in. But, if the student pursues a master's degree, he may be able to demand more pay initially when he finally goes job hunting, but years of serious money making as well as work experience will already be lost.\nStudents should not shy from the workforce just because uncertainty follows graduation. Those who pursue a graduate degree just because they do not want to leave school and because they view the \"real world\" as scary should think again. Using graduate studies as a hiding place from the full-time job is a waste of time.", "id": "high5328.txt"}