{"answers": ["A", "D", "C"], "options": [["try to give them a helping hand", "do housework for them when they are sick", "give them a good job if they're out of work", "lend them money when their parents are ill"], ["Tips on how to form a healthy lifestyle.", "The best way to form good habits.", "The importance of being helpful.", "Tips on how to get along with your neighbors."], ["a physical science magazine", "the travel news", "a magazine of social life", "the technology news"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, to build a good relationship with your neighbors, you should   _  .", "What does the passage mainly talk about?", "This passage most probably belongs to  _  ."], "article": "Neighbors play an important role in our lives. Their lifestyle, friends, and social habits can have a strong influence on our lives. So it's a good idea to get along well with neighbors and build a better relationship that will last for many years to come. But how should you get along with your neighbors?\nWhen you hear of a special need you can meet, do it, such as sitting with a sick child while your neighbor goes to work or taking an elderly parent to a doctor's appointment when their car won't start.\nIf you hear that someone close by is ill, has an accident, or is out of work, give him or her a hot meal or a fresh dessert. Your kindness will add a special feeling during a difficult time. If your neighbor is cutting down a tree or building a doghouse, offer helping hands to him or her. There is no better way to build relationships. Besides, you never know when the favor might be returned.\nExchange holiday cards, gifts or traditions. Invite your neighbors over for a cup of coffee or lunch. A backyard barbecue can be a great way to share food and fun. If they've watched your kids grow up or been concerned about your family events, they may want to share these special events.\nPlan a party. Invite all your neighbors to your party. Planning and carrying out the activity helps everyone to know and understand each other.\nYour neighbors are like your family in many ways since you have to live with them, or near them for a long time. Appreciate their strong points and ignore weak points, and everyone will get along well.", "id": "high5334.txt"}