{"answers": ["A", "B", "D", "C"], "options": [["Queen of Great Britain.", "King of Great Britain.", "Prime Minister of Great Britain.", "Mayor of London."], ["To make a summary of what has been done in the past years.", "To offer congratulations on the arrival of Christmas.", "To hold an anniversary celebration of an event.", "To express respect for and loyalty to God."], ["Enthusiasm and Friendship.", "Dedication and effort.", "Sacrifice and service.", "Civilization and peace."], ["The speaker was too busy to attend the 2012 London Olympic and Paralympic Games.", "Volunteers played a key role in the success of the Diamond Jubilee.", "The speaker showed great respect for those still at work at Christmas.", "The strength of the Christmas story lies in the worship of Jesus Christ."]], "questions": ["Who most probably is the maker of this speech?", "What might be the main purpose of this speech?", "Which of the following is NOT mentioned by the speaker?", "Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage?"], "article": "\"This past year has been one of great celebration for many. The enthusiasm which greeted the Diamond Jubilee was, of course, especially memorable for me and my family.\nIt was humbling that so many chose to mark the anniversary of a duty which passed to me 60 years ago. People of all ages took the trouble to take part in various ways and in many nations. But perhaps most striking of all was to witness the strength of fellowship and friendship among those who had gathered together on these occasions.\nOn the barges and the bridges and the banks of the river there were people who had taken their places to cheer through the mist, undaunted by the rain. That day there was a tremendous sense of common determination to celebrate, triumphing  over the elements.\nThat same spirit was also in evidence from the moment the Olympic flame arrived on these shores. The flame itself drew hundreds and thousands of people on its journey around the British Isles, and was carried by every kind of deserving individual, many nominated for their own extraordinary service.\nAs London hosted a splendid summer of sport, all those who saw the achievement and courage at the Olympic and Paralympic Games were further inspired by the skill, dedication, training and teamwork of our athletes. In pursuing their own sporting goals, they gave the rest of us the opportunity to share something of the excitement and drama.\nWe were reminded, too, that the success of these great festivals depended to an enormous degree upon the dedication and effort of an army of volunteers. Those public-spirited people came forward in the great tradition of all those who devote themselves to keeping others safe, supported and comforted.\nFor many, Christmas is also a time for coming together. But for others, service will come first. Those serving in our armed forces, in our emergency services and in our hospitals, whose sense of duty takes them away from family and friends, will be missing those they love.\nAt Christmas I am always struck by how the spirit of togetherness lies also at the heart of the Christmas story. A young mother and a dutiful father with their baby were joined by poor shepherds and visitors from afar. They came with their gifts to worship  the Christ child. From that day on he has inspired people to commit themselves to the best interests of others.\nThis is the time of year when we remember that God sent his only son 'to serve, not to be served'. He restored love and service to the centre of our lives in the person of Jesus Christ.\nIt is my prayer this Christmas Day that his example and teaching will continue to bring people together to give the best of themselves in the service of others.\nI wish you all a very happy Christmas. \"", "id": "high5354.txt"}