{"answers": ["D", "B", "A", "B"], "options": [["why the New Yorkers thought well of Jeremy Lin", "why Jeremy Lin became a member of the Knicks", "how the Knicks defeated its opponents in a great playoff", "how Jeremy Lin saved the Knicks, probably including the NBA"], ["The NBA", "Coach Isiah Thomas", "The Knicks", "Madison Square Garden Co.'s shares"], ["The NBA delayed the season because of players' wage disagreements", "the NBA was disappointed at James' free-agent event.", "The NBA canceled the basketball match for the coming Christmas", "James had a bad performance in the basketball court"], ["These Knicks' stars who were paid well saved the Knicks season", "The Knicks didn't satisfy its fans for nearly 15 years until this season", "The fans objected to dismissing Coach Isiah Thomas outside the Garden", "The owners and the players didn't agree on raising the TV ratings"]], "questions": ["The passage is mainly about  _", "According to the passage, Jeremy Lin's excellent performance saved the following except  _", "The NBA suffered the credibility crisis months ago because  _", "Which one of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage?"], "article": "With his game-winning three-pointer at the buzzer, Jeremy Lin   finished the New York Knicks' dramatic reversed  victory to defeat the Toronto Rapters.\nThe Knicks have won six games in a row, and Jeremy Lin has put up impressive numbers during the continuous period of competitions. Although the season is still _ , the Knicks have reversed course in just one week from the NBA's most disappointing team to a playoff   contestant. Lin, not team's high-paid stars, has saved the Knicks season and likely coach D'Antoni's job.\nAfter nearly 15 years of disappointing, sometimes unsuccessful seasons, Madison Square Garden is alive again, and New York City can't stop talking about the Knicks. To put things into perspective , consider this: Just several years back, Knicks fans protested nightly outside of the Garden calling for the team's ownership to fire their resented coach Isiah Thomas.\nNow, Madison Square Garden Co. shares are at a record high, the Knicks' average household television rating is up 70 percent since Lin joined the starting lineup  , and jersey sales are increasing very quickly. I watched the Knicks-Lakers game at a bar in Harlem, and have not felt that kind of energy from fans since the great playoff between the Knicks and Miami Heat in the late 1990s.\nBeyond the Knicks, Lin may be saving the NBA as well. Just a few months back, the NBA took a massive credibility hit during a multi-month lockout , where the owners did not allow the players to go back to play until they accept the new salary levels. As a consequence, the season did not even begin until Christmas Day. Over the past few years, LeBron James' (.) relatively long and unpleasant free-agent   events, combined with poor play around the league, have angered fans and damaged the league's brand.\nLin is leading a one-week NBA basketball revival. His legendary story has inspired Asian-Americans, increased NBA sales in China, and turned the basketball world upside down.", "id": "high5357.txt"}