{"answers": ["B", "A", "D", "C"], "options": [["cheer him up", "push bad spirits away", "bring him a big fortune", "prove that he's a popular person"], ["People send messages to the gods by lighting or blowing out the candles.", "The gods celebrate their birthdays by lighting candles.", "The custom of lighting candles originated with the gods.", "The gods will help people realize their dreams on their birthdays."], ["how great the two kings were", "that their court followers were awarded the special honors", "the two kings' excellent cooking skills", "how different cultures celebrate in different ways"], ["the functions of the noises made on birthdays.", "how to scare away the bad spirits on birthdays", "how birthdays came about", "the origin of a famous day Christmas"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, good wishes and presents given by one's friends and family on his birthday can   _  .", "Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage?", "The two ancient kings' ways of celebrating their birthdays show  _  .", "The passage is mainly about   _  ."], "article": "Thousands of years ago, birthdays were considered special days. On birthdays, the bad spirits were able to harm you and change your life. It was believed that the only way to solve the problem was to have your friends and family around you, so that good wishes and presents would keep the bad spirits away. Also, noisemakers were thought to be used at parties as a way of scaring away the evil spirits.\nThe custom of lighting candles was created by people believing that the gods lived in the sky. By lighting candles and torches, they were sending a signal or prayer to the gods, so they could be answered. Blowing out the candles and making a wish were thought to be another way of sending a signal or a message.\nThis is how the way we celebrate our birthdays came about. But different cultures celebrate in different ways.\nThe birthday story in the Bible  that we know best is about the birth of the Christ in Bethlehem(:). For nearly 2000 years since that day, the Christian world has been honoring this birth. The day many Englishmen celebrate is, of course, Christmas. There are other references to birthday parties. King Pharaoh celebrated his birthday by making a feast for his court followers. That was over 4000 years ago. The story of King Herod tells that on his birthday he made a supper for his lords, high captains and other special friends in Galilee (:).", "id": "high5359.txt"}