{"answers": ["D", "C", "D", "A"], "options": [["It filled Yeats's childhood with laughter", "It was shocked by Yeats's choice", "It was a typically wealthy family", "It had an artistic atmosphere"], ["Yeats founded the first Irish theater", "Yeats stuck to modern forms in his poetry", "Yeats began to produce his best works from the 1910s", "Yeats was not favored by the public until the 1923 Noble Prize"], ["Envy", "Sympathy", "Emptiness", "Admiration"], ["Yeats's literary achievements", "Yeats's historical influence", "Yeats's artistic ambition", "Yeats's national honor"]], "questions": ["Which of the following can describe Yeats's family?", "According to the passage, what do we know about Yeats's life?", "What kind of feeling is expressed in W. H. Auden's lines?", "What is the passage mainly about?"], "article": "William Butler Yeats, a most famous Irish writer, was born in Dublin on June 13, 1865. His childhood lacked the harmony that was typical of a happy family. Later, Yeats shocked  his family by saying that he remembered \"little of childhood but its pain\". In fact, he inherited excellent taste in art from his family--both his father and his brother were painters. But he finally settled on literature, particularly drama and poetry.\nYeats had strong faith in the coming of new artistic movements. He set himself the fresh task in founding an Irish national theatre in the late 1890s. His early theatrical experiments, however, were not received favorably at beginning. He didn't lose heart, and finally enjoyed success in his poetical drama.\nCompared with his dramatic works, Yeats's poems attract much admiring notice. The subject matter includes love, nature, history, time and aging. Though Yeats generally relied on very traditional forms, he brought modern sensibility to them. As his literary life progressed, his poetry grew finer and richer, which led him to worldwide recognition.\nHe had not enjoyed a major public life since winning the Nobel Price in 1923. Yet, he continued writing almost to the end of his life. Had Yeats stopped writing at age 40, he would probably now be valued as a minor poet, for there is no other example in literary history of a poet who produces his greatest works between the ages of 50 and 75. After Yeats' death in 1939, W. H. Auden wrote, among others, the following lines:\nEarth, receive an honored guest:\nWilliam Yeats is laid to rest.\nLet the Irish vessel lie\nEmptied of its poetry.", "id": "high5362.txt"}