{"answers": ["B", "C"], "options": [["Prevention or Education?", "Prevention or Treatment?", "Health or Illness?", "Exercise or Illness?"], ["dressing warmly can prevent disease", "a balanced diet is cheaper than regular exercise", "the more health education, the better", "the government's health budget should be increased"]], "questions": ["What's the best title of the passage?", "We learn form the passage that   _"], "article": "The rising costs of health care have become a problem for many countries in the world. To deal with this problem, it is recommended that a big part of the government's health budget be used for health education and disease prevention instead of treatment. Actually, many kinds of diseases are preventable in many ways and preventing a disease is usually much cheaper than treating it. For example, people could avoid catching a cold if they dressed warmly when the weather starts getting cold. But many people get sick because they fail to do so, and have to spend money seeing a doctor.\nDaily habits like eating more healthy food would have kept millions of families from becoming _ if the patients had taken measures for early prevention. For instance, keeping a balanced diet, such as not consuming too much animal fat and insuring a steady intake of vegetables and frits, seems to be quite important.\nOne very effective and costless way of prevention is regular exercise, which is necessary for a healthy mind and body. Regular exercise, such as running, walking, and playing sports is a good way to make people feel better and reduce stress.\nIn addition, health education plays a key role in improving people's health. By giving people more information about health, countries could help people understand the importance of disease prevention and ways to achieve it. For example, knowing one's family medical history is an effective way to help keep healthy. Information about health problem among close relatives will make them aware of what they should do to prevent certain diseases through lifestyle changes, Which will work before it is too late.\nHowever, stressing disease prevention does not mean medical treatment is unimportant. After all, prevention and treatment are just two different means toward the same effect. In conclusion, we could save money on health care and treat patients more successfully if our country spends more money on health prevention and education.", "id": "high5364.txt"}