{"answers": ["B", "A", "C", "D", "B"], "options": [["the special sounds of fireworks excite people", "debris from fireworks can even find its way into water", "the pretty and bright colors add to the beauty of night skies", "fireworks are enjoyed as one of the crowd-pleasers"], ["Copper compounds are needed to make green in fireworks.", "Chemicals in fireworks are both poisonous and dangerous.", "Too much gases from fireworks can result in acid rain.", "Chemicals in fireworks are harmful in the air and on the ground."], ["mineral materials", "tiny solids", "chemical elements", "broken pieces"], ["Gunpowder in fireworks makes loud booming noises.", "It must be Indians who first started to hang sky lanterns.", "Fireworks does less harm in the air than on the ground.", "Fireworks can even break the balance of nature."], ["It is not allowed to set off fireworks except during the holidays.", "Fireworks should be banned and replaced by some other means.", "Night is the best time to set off fireworks and see the pretty colors.", "You cannot set off fireworks unless you come up with new ways."]], "questions": ["The advantages of fireworks can be seen below EXCEPT that   _  .", "Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?", "All the italicized   words are probably   _  .", "What is implied from the passage?", "What can be concluded as the writer's attitude towards fireworks?"], "article": "Bedazzling   with their bright colors and eye-catching displays, fireworks light up our night skies during the holidays. However, these crowd-pleasers can have some damaging side effects.\nOnce a firework is set off, it only takes a couple of seconds before smoke, dust and harmful chemicals are let out into the atmosphere. The loud booming noises are caused by gunpowder. While the sounds may excite some people, they can be frightening to domestic and wild animals--as well as some humans.\nThe pretty colors you see are a result of more chemicals. Barium, added to make green, is known for its poisonous and radioactive qualities. Blue comes from copper compounds. Cadmium, lithium and lead--all found in fireworks--have been linked to diseases, such as allergies and skin rashes in both humans and animals. Acid rain has been linked to gases given off by fireworks, which sometimes go beyond the toxin  limits of the United States Clean Air Act.\nOnce all those chemicals come back down to the ground, they can cause problems too. Debris   from the fireworks falls to the ground, where animals can burn their paws or noses on piping hot pieces. Humans also are at risk of stepping on or picking up something sharp or hot. Meanwhile, debris that finds its way into waterways can damage animal habitats and water supply sources.\nInstead of setting off fireworks, try to come up with some new ways for fun. Here are some ideas to get you started:\n* Sky lanterns--a tradition that originated long ago in the most-populated Asian country.\n* Party crackers--a favorite in the United Kingdom--give you noise and surprises without the mess of fireworks. You can make your own or buy eco-friendly crackers.\n* Want noise excitement with less volume? Consider a fireworks sound recording beforehand or break out the party horns   and blow up a storm!", "id": "high5369.txt"}