{"answers": ["C", "A", "D"], "options": [["are ready to help others", "are very successful in their lives", "have high emotional intelligence", "know how to control their temper"], ["stress the importance of emotional intelligence", "speak highly of its new salespeople", "show its effective hiring system", "explain what improvements it has made"], ["They are usually good speakers.", "They are born to be sensitive and intelligent.", "They don't get angry in any situation.", "They can understand others' feelings well."]], "questions": ["According to the passage, we're all probably impressed by people who   _  .", "By mentioning the cosmetics company, the author tries to   _  .", "Which statement is TRUE about people with high EI?"], "article": "We probably all know people, either at work or in our personal lives, who are really good listeners. No matter what kind of situation we're in, they always seem to know just what to say and how to say it so that we're not offended  or upset. We probably also know people who are masters at managing their emotions . They don't get angry in stressful situations. Instead, they have the ability to calmly look at a problem and find a solution. They take criticism  well, and they know when to use it to improve their performance.\nPeople like these who have a high degree of emotional intelligence, or EI . They know themselves very well, and they're also able to sense the emotional needs of others.\nAs more and more people accept that emotional intelligence is just as important to professional success as technical  ability, companies are increasingly using EI when they hire and promote  someone. For example, one large cosmetics   company recently changed their hiring process for salespeople to choose candidates  based on emotional intelligence. The result? Salespeople hired with the new system have sold, on average, $91,000 more than salespeople selected under the old system.\nEmotional intelligence is the ability to recognize your emotions, understand what _ are telling you, and realize how your emotions affect people around you. Emotional intelligence also involves your perception   of others: when you understand how they feel, this allows you to manage relationships more effectively.\nPeople with high emotional intelligence are usually successful in most things they do. Why? Because they are the ones that others want on their team. When people with high EI send an email, it get answered. When they need help, they get it. Because they make others feel good, they go through life much more easily than people who are easily angered or upset.\nThe good news is that emotional intelligence can be taught and developed. Many books and tests are available to help you determine your current EI, and identify where you may need to do some work.", "id": "high5378.txt"}