{"answers": ["D", "D"], "options": [["social bias", "women's poorer working ability", "women's worse academic background", "women's less negotiating"], ["Women are more likely to accept the employer's salary offer.", "Men tend to ask for more money than woman.", "Women care more about other's interest instead of themselves'.", "Men believe that the better they work, the better they're paid."]], "questions": ["According to this passage, what causes the inequality in the workplace?", "Which of the following statements is NOT true?"], "article": "Men and women are still treated unequally in the workplace. Women continue to earn less, on average, for the same performance. Research has shown that both conscious  and subconscious biases   contribute to this problem. But we've discovered another source of inequality: Women often don't get what they want and deserve because they don't ask for it. In three separate studies, we found that men are more likely than women to negotiate for what they want.\nThe first study found that the starting salaries of male MBAs who had recently graduated from Carnegie Mellon were 7.6%, or almost $4,000, higher on average than those of female MBAs from the same program. That's because most of the women had simply accepted the employer's salary offer; in fact, only 7% had attempted to negotiate. But 57% of their male counterparts--or eight times as many men as women--had asked for more.\nAnother study tested this gender difference in the lab. Subjects were told that they would be observed playing a word game and that they would be paid between $3 and $10 for playing. After each subject completed the task, an experimenter thanked the participant and said, \"Here's $3. Is $3 OK?\" For the men, it was not OK, and they said so. Their requests for more money are nine times as many as the women's.\nThe largest of the three studies surveyed several hundred people over the Internet, asking them about the most recent negotiations they'd attempted or started and when they expected to negotiate next. The study showed that men place themselves in negotiation situations much more often than women do.\nThere are several reasons accounting for the phenomenon. First, women often are taught from an early age not to promote their own interests and to focus instead on the needs of others. The messages girls receive--from parents, teachers, other children, the media, and society in general--can be so powerful that when they grow up they may not realize that they've made this behavior part of them, or they may realize it but not understand how it affects their willingness to negotiate. Women tend to think that they will be recognized and rewarded for working hard and doing a good job. Unlike men, they haven't been taught that they can ask for more.", "id": "high5391.txt"}