{"answers": ["A", "A"], "options": [["constant exercise", "strict coaches", "high speed", "good techniques"], ["to offer some advice on ice-skating backwards", "to introduce the culture of ice-skating backwards", "to explain advantages of ice-skating backwards", "to compare different ways of ice-skating backwards"]], "questions": ["According to the text, confidence comes from   _   .", "The purpose of the text is   _   ."], "article": "Don't you just love ice skating every winter? I am sure, that since winter is approaching, your skates are set to come out, just waiting to be used. Impress your friends with your new trick on how to ice-skate backwards with the help of these tips. Skating backwards on ice is a bit difficult but once you master the basic, there' s nothing like it. Follow the steps given below and you will be able to skate backwards in no time.\nStand Straight\nThe first thing that you need to do is, stand straight. If you feel that you are falling backwards, then just put your chin up and slightly bend your knees. Don't worry; this happens to all.\nConfidence is What You Need\nThe most important step while learning how to skate backwards, is having enough confidence in yourself and in what you are doing. How can you achieve this? By practice. Just practice rolling backwards down a gentle slope every single day or just by pushing off from a wall or something of that sort. But before you do that, make sure that the place where you are practicing is free from any kind of debris because otherwise, you could end up in the hospital due to some accident. While going backwards, just get used to the feeling of moving backwards. One of the important ice skating tips and techniques is that if you feel that you are losing your balance, then scissor   your skates. Keep practicing this till you are confident about it.\nMaintain Speed\nConfident now? Great! Now the next step is to maintain your speed. While rolling in a straight line with one skate, with the other try sculling  , that is, keep pushing yourself backwards with an outwards stroke  . Now bring the skate which you were using to scull, and then again, repeat the same process. Make sure that you put most of your weight on the skate which is moving straight and not the one with which you are sculling. Now, try the same thing using the other foot. Again keep doing this till you are confident enough.\nIncrease Your Speed Now\nOnce you are confident that you can scull with either foot, the next thing that you have to do is increase your speed. Try some of your own tricks now. Scull with either foot or with both at the same time.\nScull and Be Aware\nWhile you keep one foot straight, keep sculling with the other. You can do that simultaneously with both feet. Concentrate on what you are doing but don't get so involved that you don't see where you are going. If you are not watching your back, you might just bang against something or someone.", "id": "high5398.txt"}