{"answers": ["B", "B", "C", "C"], "options": [["The Importance of Handwriting and Typing", "To Type or To Hand Write", "Writing By Computer Will Replace Writing By Hand", "Practical and Aesthetic Value of Chinese Characters"], ["they are usually asked to e-mail their Homework and Essays", "they can correct the mistakes they make quickly and conveniently", "they find it not easy to remember how to write a character", "computers have become a trend and fashion in China"], ["Handwriting contains the writer's emotion.", "The writer's thinking and personality are shown in his or her handwriting.", "Handwriting can impress people well and build one's self-confidence.", "Chinese characters enjoy both practical and aesthetic value."], ["more and more students will give up writing on a computer", "writing by hand will give way to typing by computer one day", "more and more students will pay attention to handwriting", "the typing article better expresses one's emotion and quality"]], "questions": ["Which of the following can best serve as the title of the passage?", "The students interviewed prefer to write using a computer mainly because   _  .", "Which of the following statements is NOT TRUE of the advantages of handwriting?", "We can draw the conclusion from the passage that   _  ."], "article": "As computers become more popular in China, Chinese people are increasingly relying on computer keyboards to input Chinese characters. But if they use the computer too much, they may end up forgetting the exact strokes of each Chinese character when writing on paper. Experts suggest people, especially students, write by hand more.\nDo you write by hand more or type more? In Beijing, students start using a computer as early as primary school. And computer dependence is more wide-spread among university students. Almost all their assignments and essays are typed on a computer.\nAll the students interviewed say they usually use a computer.\nIt's faster and easier to correct if using a computer. And that's why computers are being applied more and more often to modern education. But when people are _ computers increasingly, problems appear.\n\"When I'm writing with a pen, I find I often can't remember how to write a character, though I feel I'm familiar with it.\"\n\"I'm not in the mood to write when faced with a pen and paper.\"\nMany students don't feel this is something to worry about. Now that it's more convenient and efficient to write on a computer, why bother to handwrite?\nMany educators think differently. Shi Liwei, the headmaster of a famous primary school in the capital said, \"Chinese characters enjoy both practical and aesthetic   value. But those characters typed with computer keyboards only maintain their practical value. All the artistic beauty of the characters is lost. And handwriting contains the writer's emotion. Through one's handwriting, people can get to know one's thinking and personality. Beautiful writing will give people a better first impression of them.\"\nTo encourage students to handwrite more, many primary schools in Beijing have made writing classes compulsory   and in universities, some professors are asking students to turn in their homework and essays written by hand.", "id": "high540.txt"}