{"answers": ["A"], "options": [["is full of contrasts", "has a surprise ending", "reflects Dickens' own life", "is set in the Industrial Revolution"]], "questions": ["The Old Curiosity Shop is different from Dickens' other works because it   _  ."], "article": "The grandfather of Nell Trent owns a shop of odds and ends. He wants to make sure his grandfather is provided for when he dies. His memory of his daughter's suffering and early death gives him a fear of poverty. Gambling  becomes an addiction for Nell's grandfather, which results in his financial and physical ruin. Nell and her grandfather flee from their home and begin a journey that has no destination. For Nell, all she wants is a peaceful existence with enough to live on.\nThey come across many interesting people on their travels and often meet with the kindness of strangers. Yet, in a colorful world, they also face the reality of the Industrial Revolution. From simple villages and fields of flowers, they go into a dirty city full of mass unemployment and plague   victims --- where children die of starvation and many are abandoned.\nThe story isn't only about Nell and her grandfather, but also the people who are connected to them directly or indirectly. There is Richard Swiveller, a careless young man who is a friend of Nell's older brother, who wants Swiveller to marry Nell for the fortune he thinks she has. Daniel Quilp is a cruel moneylender, who manages to fool the grandfather into borrowing large sums of money from him. There is honest Kit, a boy employed at the shop, who becomes a victim even though he never harms other people. Kit desires to help Nell, whom he considers an angel that has always inspired the best in him. The mysterious Bevis Marks, who is a generous customer to some people and an enemy to others, also has his own reasons for looking after Nell and her grandfather.\nUnlike Dickens' other works, The Old Curiosity Shop is a book of contrasts: the purity of Nell compared to the dishonesty of Quilp, fresh air and scenic villages to the polluted, stone-covered city, etc. Even people's reaction to the book presented a cruel contrast. At first, Nell Trent was praised and considered Dickens' best character. Later, she was criticized by many well-known people like Oscar Wilde. While characters in Dickens' other books are moving towards a better future, Nell and her grandfather are fleeing for their life and their story is moving towards a sad ending.", "id": "high5404.txt"}