{"answers": ["B", "A", "B", "D"], "options": [["Tell them what they can learn from these books.", "Choose books based on their interest.", "Choose the easiest books for them to read.", "Always read books together with them."], ["Reduce children's sleeping time.", "Read to children when possible.", "Have reading material available.", "Pick the right computer games."], ["Supportive.", "Negative.", "Neutral.", "Doubtful."], ["To help children succeed in school subjects.", "To give parents advice on how to educate children.", "To remind parents of the importance of reading.", "To teach parents how to encourage children to read."]], "questions": ["In order to make children become interested in reading, what should parents do?", "Which of the following is NOT what parents are advised to do?", "What attitude do most parents hold towards children playing computer games?", "What's the main purpose of the passage?"], "article": "Reading is the key to success in all school subjects. With a bit of creativity, you can help your child enjoy reading more, and encourage him to do more!\nBuy or borrow a lot of \"fun\" books. Choose books that are slightly below his level of reading ability. Don't forget what your child likes to do when choosing books for him. Don't comment about the books. Simply leave the books lying on the table where your child is sure to see them. Computer games are not as harmful as most parents usually think them to be. Instead, you should take advantage of your child's love of computer games to purchase those that require a lot of reading and avoid those that are simply computerized video games.\nBuy your child a bedside reading lamp, or a tiny book light. Tell him that from now on, he must be in bed by a specific time (say 8:30) and that he can either sleep or read. Most kids will do anything else rather than go to sleep, so there's a chance you'll create a new bedtime reading habit.\nMany children will read when they are sitting alone having a snack, or when they have a few minutes of unplanned free time. Put a box of books and magazines near the kitchen table so that reading material is accessible.\nOften, once children learn to read independently, parents stop reading to them. This change of routine causes great sadness to a child who has come to love falling asleep as you read. Even a teenager will enjoy being read to if you pick books that interest him. Select books together, and make sure they're ones you enjoy as well, so your enjoyment will come through as you read to them.", "id": "high5413.txt"}