{"answers": ["D", "A", "B", "C"], "options": [["They can be supported by their parents.", "They can play whenever they want.", "They need not behave themselves.", "Their demands can always be satisfied."], ["rather hard", "rather easy", "independent", "colorful"], ["they can manage time by themselves", "they can have the freedom to play", "they can take piano lessons", "they may have expensive toys"], ["Chinese children's early education", "How to develop kids' imagination", "What is the real love for children", "The imagination and creativity"]], "questions": ["In which way do most Chinese children seem to be spoiled?", "In the author's opinion, the life of a Chinese child is  _  .", "The author thinks Western children appear spoiled because  _  .", "The best title of the passage could be  _  ."], "article": "I find some of the ways in which Chinese parents show love for their children rather surprising. Obviously there are some pretty big differences between our behaviors and theirs in this respect. Most Chinese children seem to get whatever they want, from ice creams, sweets and toys to endless attention from the adults around them. Is this a sort of spoiling or love? I wonder.\nMost westerners would think it is a sort of spoiling rather than love. We think love means educating your children and bringing them up to lead an independent life. That includes learning to accept the fact that he can't get everything he wants. As an adult, he will not always get the quite expensive car he hunts for; she will not always manage to acquire the beautiful dress she longs for. So we try to teach our children early to cope with the disappointment of not getting what they want.\nI find too much such kind of love for the children can actually spoil them. To my surprise, it seems that the life of a Chinese child is rather hard. Without doubt, the child is the very center of a whole circle of adults, but on the other hand he or she is also expected to start studying according to adults' wishes. Many children of my son's age take piano lessons, painting classes and even English lessons. It looks as if Chinese adults think that just playing without learning anything is a waste of time. So in this respect our children appear spoiled, just because they are allowed to play. But without this sort of play how can western children develop such free and rich imaginations? In fact the connection between this imagination and the creativity is so important in the children's future life.", "id": "high5414.txt"}