{"answers": ["C", "D", "C"], "options": [["Pioneer can explore high-technology markets outside agriculture", "Pioneer's sales representatives can upload information using Norand hand-held terminals", "some of Norand's employees joined the Pioneer", "it later led to the lower of profit-sharing checks of Pioneer's original employees"], ["He felt hot in the room.", "He wanted to look cool by doing this.", "He was too excited.", "He wanted to be close and frank with his employees."], ["They felt he was a stupid CEO.", "They felt he did not deserve their loyalty", "They felt he was more trustworthy.", "They didn't want to take risks with him."]], "questions": ["All of the following are the results brought by Pioneer's purchase of Norand except  _  .", "Why did Tom Urban remove his jacket, loosen his tie, undo his collar and roll up his sleeves before he spoke?", "What did the employees feel after Tom Urban apologized to them?"], "article": "A few years ago, Pioneer Hi-Bred International, where I was employed. purchased Norand Corporation. Pioneer's sales representatives in the field used Norand hand-held terminals to upload daily sales information and download new price and sales incentive information. Pioneer bought so many of these hand-held-terminals, the economies made the purchase of Norand look interesting. Owning Norand also allowed Pioneer to explore high-technology markets outside agriculture.\nBut after a few years, the emerging laptop PC technology made the hand-held units obsolete  . Pioneer sold Norand at a loss. Pioneer always took a given percent of the annual profits to divide equally among all employees, so our profit-sharing checks were lower than if Pioneer had not purchased Norand. Additionally, my Pioneer stock was lower than it had been before the purchase of Norand. I was not pleased.\nThe CEO of Pioneer, Tom Urban, made annual formal visits to each of the Pioneer divisions to talk about the state of the business and to listen to employees' concerns. When he walked into the meeting room for his first visit after the sale of Norand, he acknowledged the group, remove his jacket, and neatly folded it across the back of the chair. He loosened his tie, undid his collar and rolled up his sleeves. _ .\nHe said, \"I made a mistake buying Norand and I am sorry. I am sorry your profit-sharing was lower because of the purchase, and I am sorry your stock was hurt by the purchase. I will continue to take risks, but I am a bit smarter now, and I will work harder for you.\"\nA great man and leader stood before us that day. As I sat listening to him, I knew I could trust him, and that he deserved every bit of loyalty I could give to him and to Pioneer. I also knew I could take risks in my own job.\nIn the brief moment of silence before the questions started, I recall thinking that follow him into any battle.", "id": "high542.txt"}