{"answers": ["C", "D", "B"], "options": [["running is good for your health as well as your mind.", "you should buy running shoes in an expensive store.", "running has more advantages than disadvantages for you.", "you should go to the doctor if you have a running injury"], ["worry about the pressure on your knees and ankles", "ask the shopkeeper for a pair of running shoes", "take advice from friends whom you will start running with", "join a running club so that you can get encouragement"], ["More and more people have become interested in running.", "Good running methods can reduce the risk of injury.", "It's better to run as far as possible to lose weight.", "The instructions in the passage are given by a famous doctor."]], "questions": ["In the expert's opinion,  _  .", "If you take up running, you should  _", "What can we infer from the passage?"], "article": "While there has been public debate about whether running is good for your health for a long time, experts agree that running has more benefits than the costs. Some people are concerned that the pressure on your knees and ankles can be _ . While this can be true, there are many things that you can do to reduce your risk of injury.\nYou should always go to a doctor for advice before you begin any type of exercise program. Then, a good pair of running shoes can be helpful as your feet hit the ground. They will help protect your ankles by providing stability to your feet. So it is good idea to visit a specialty  running shoe store. The staff there can suggest shoes which are ideal for your running style.\nIn order to learn the proper form, you may get some advice from a friend who has been running for some time, or even join a running club. They can provide good tips as well as some support and encouragement for you.\nLastly, it is important to start out slowly. When it comes to getting in shape and losing weight , short bursts of speed followed by periods of slower movement would be proper. Aim for around 30 minutes of exercise a few days a week. As you get better, you can increase your speed. Always allow your body to rest in between heavy exercise as your muscles need time to bring energy back.\nFollow these instructions and your running experience will be a great one!", "id": "high5423.txt"}