{"answers": ["B", "A", "D", "C"], "options": [["emphasize the role teachers play in a school", "highlight the contributions of other staff at school besides teachers.", "tell us who make the greatest contributions to a school", "explain what contributes to the success of a student"], ["he is paid particular attention to", "he is special", "he has done something wrong", "he has made progress in study"], ["It's enough for them to cook for the students.", "It's hard for them to interact with the students.", "They have the most interaction with students at school.", "They can also meet the emotional needs of the students."], ["Disappointed.", "Dissatisfied.", "Appreciative.", "Doubtful."]], "questions": ["The purpose of the passage is to   _  .", "If an assistant remembers a student's name, the student will feel that   _  .", "Which of the following is TRUE about cafeteria workers?", "How does the author feel about the staff mentioned in the text?"], "article": "There are various aspects that go into making a successful school, and success can be measured in various ways. Often, the teachers are praised for a school's success and blamed for its failure. Yet, in order for a school to be effective, it must be a place where teaching and learning can easily take place, and that requires the hard work of more than just educators. Students must take learning into their own hands and feel as if what they are doing is as important as it actually is. This can only be done with the cooperation of every adult that is involved in the students' life. Some of these individuals often go unnoticed, yet the role they play in the students' lives is immeasurable.\nIn the school, administrative assistants greet students at the start of the day and answer a large quantity of questions. When an assistant remembers a student's name or even something special about that student, it communicates to him that he is cared for. The assistant can also give that extra encouragement for a student to make better choices, especially when they are visiting the principal's office.\nMeanwhile, though cafeteria workers have a short space of time to interact with students, they can make a big difference as well. Beyond meeting nutritional needs, cafeteria workers may also on occasion meet the emotional needs of the students they serve. Students benefit from positive interaction with adults, and cafeteria workers may give that extra bit of encouragement that a child needs.\nCustodians   are usually underappreciated for what they offer to schools. They have to be knowledgeable about everything from cleaning to fixing the most intricate   tools. They get to school early in the morning before teachers arrive and lock up late at night after the last student has left from the after-school event. They also make sure teachers are equipped with the necessary items and prepare the rooms so that they are ready for learning. A great custodian also gives that kind word or extra smile to that student who needs it most.", "id": "high5428.txt"}