{"answers": ["D", "C"], "options": [["share our wealth with others", "have good fortune and money", "know the secret of a jam recipe", "own lasting love and friendship"], ["An old quarter", "Valuable Things", "Blueberry Jam Recipe", "Memories of old time"]], "questions": ["The author thinks that we can feel wealthy if we  _  .", "Which would be the best title for this passage?"], "article": "Fannie Cratty wasn't really my aunt. I only referred to her as \"My Aunt Fannie\" because the name always made my father laugh and gave my mother cause to look angrily at both of us---at me for being disrespectful of my elder and at my father for encouraging my bad behavior.\nAs a young woman, my mother had worked in the kitchen of a large Victorian farmhouse owned by Fannie Cratty. During those years my mother helped Aunt Fannie make the best blueberry jam ever tasted by anyone in Glenfield. Aunt Fannie was well known for her jam and for never sharing the recipe with another living soul. Even though my mother knew the recipe by heart, as long as Aunt Fannie was alive (and she lived to be ninety-six!), she never made the jam without Ms. Cratty in our kitchen to direct the process and preserve the secret.\nEach August, when blueberry season would roll around, my mother would prepare me for Aunt Fannie's visit. It was vital that I should be on my best behavior. After all, the woman was old, wealthy, very strict with children. Whenever she was at the house, I didn't need to be reminded to guard my thoughts and watch my tongue.\nOne year, after I had been particularly helpful with the jam process, Aunt Fannie gave me a quarter(25) and then made me promise that I would never spend it. \"Hold onto this quarter,\" she said, \"and someday you will be rich. I still have my very first quarter, given to me by my grandfather.\" It had obviously worked for her. So, I kept the 1938-quarter into a small box, put it in my dresser drawer, and waited to become rich.\nI now have the blueberry jam recipe and the quarter from Aunt Fannie. In people's eye Aunt Fannie's success was due to that secret recipe. But to me, it was just a common recipe. Neither has significantly contributed to my wealth, but I keep them as reminders to hold onto the valuable things in life. Money can make you feel rich for a while, but it is the relationships and the memories of time spent with friends and family that truly leave you wealthy. And that is a fortune that anyone can build.", "id": "high5429.txt"}