{"answers": ["A", "C", "C", "D"], "options": [["Room cleaning.", "Medical care.", "Free transport.", "Physical training."], ["hosts willing to receive foreign students", "foreigners hoping to build British culture", "English learners applying to live in English homes", "travellers planning to visit families in London"], ["Dessert and coffee.", "Fruit and vegetables.", "Bread and fruit juice.", "Cereal and cold meat."], ["To experience a warmer family atmosphere.", "To enrich their knowledge of English.", "To entertain friends as they like.", "To enjoy much more freedom."]], "questions": ["Which of the following will the host provide?", "The passage is probably written for", "According to the passage. What does continental Breakfast include?", "Why do some people choose self-catering accommodation?"], "article": "Homestay provides English language students with the opportunity to speak English outside the classroom and the experience of being part of a British home.\nWhat to Expect\nThe host will provide accommodation  and meals. Rooms will be cleaned and bedcovers changed at least once a week. You will be given the house key and the host is there to offer help and advice as well as to take an interest in your physical and mental health.\nAccommodation Zones\nHomestays are located in London mainly in Zones2,3 and 4 of the transport system. Most hosts do not live in the town centre as much of central London is commercial and not residential . Zones 3 and 4 often offer larger accommodation in a less crowed area. It is very convenient to travel in London by Underground.\nMeal Plans Available\n Continental Breakfast  Breakfast and Dinner  Breakfast, Packed Lunch and Dinner\nIt's important to note that few English families still provide a traditional cooked breakfast. Your accommodation includes Continental Breakfast which normally consists of fruit juice, cereal ,bread and tea or coffee. Cheese, fruit and cold meat are not normally part of a Continental Breakfast in England. Dinners usually consist of meat or fish with vegetables followed by dessert, fruit and coffee.\nFriends\nIf you wish to invite a friend over to visit. you must first ask your host's permission. You have no right to entertain friends in a family home as some families feel it is an invasion of their privacy.\nSelf-Catering Accommodation in Private Homes\nAccommodation on a room-only basis includes shared kitchen and bathroom facilities and often a main living room. This kind of accommodation offers an independent lifestyle and is more suitable for the long-stay student. However, it does not provide the same family atmosphere as an ordinary homestay and may not benefit those who need to practise English at home quite as much.", "id": "high5439.txt"}