{"answers": ["C", "D", "B", "A"], "options": [["It should replace old-fashioned letters completely.", "It is perfect and always does good to you.", "It is extremely useful and convenient, but it may be inconvenient or even harmful.", "It does more harm than good."], ["The sound of the modem.", "His own illness.", "The changing of his life.", "A sick old man's experience."], ["they are convenient and popular though they are slow", "they help to keep the friendly relationship between people", "most people cannot keep up with the development of technology", "modern means of communication does too much harm"], ["With the help of his computer.", "By writing letters with his pen.", "By making telephone calls.", "By visiting them regularly."]], "questions": ["What does the writer think of online communication?", "What caused the writer to become interested in E-mail and online communication?", "According to the writer, traditional means of communication will never disappear because   _  .", "How did the sick old man keep in touch with his family members?"], "article": "Online Communication\nIn an age when technology moves faster than most can keep up with, a small group of people still remain in the time of old-fashioned letter. Frankly speaking, I was once certain that traditional letters could never be replaced by other means of communication.\nBut a story about online communication changed my mind.\nAn old man, who suffered a lot from Parkinson's disease, was not able to talk clearly and could hardly write his name. Living totally alone, he managed to keep in touch with nearly all the members of his family. How did he achieve this? He clicked out words on his computer keyboard.\nI, therefore, managed to get an E-mail box as soon as the opportunity came. My life changed. E-mail, and all online communication, is something truly different. It has capabilities  that few other products can match.\nE-mail is convenient. It takes less time with its fast speed and 24-hour connection. The slow postal service is no match. If you wouldn't want to have a face-to-face talk with your manager, you might talk with him through E-mail even if you are in the same office.\nNaming all the good things about online communication is not easy. But wait. E-mail can be inconvenient. It can waste time and energy. Just think what may happen when you take a short vacation and return to find your e-mail box filled with 200 unread messages. You could easily spend half a day clearing _ ads.\nThen, online communication will keep us staying at our computer while it connects us to distant strangers. Once we throw ourselves into the machine, we may forget the human touches we once held so dear. I'm sure there is and always will be a place for the old-fashioned letter, phone call, and face-to-face meeting... even in the world of modern communication.\nAs I listen to the sound of the modem , I was excited at stepping out to the outside world but, at the same time, I sensed a loss of control over something valuable in my personal life.", "id": "high5440.txt"}