{"answers": ["B", "B", "D"], "options": [["Because they don't have any special skills", "Because they are lacking in practice and tips.", "Because they are not so familiar with rules", "Because many of them are green hands."], ["Learn from others.", "Form your own throwing skills.", "Keep active in the court.", "Learn to throw in different locations."], ["How to play basketball successfully in the court.", "How to improve your basketball throw skills.", "How to gain more points in throwing.", "How to improve your basketball free throwing."]], "questions": ["Why do so many players fail to make a successful free throw?", "What can you do if you want to be a wonderful free thrower?", "Which of the following might serve as the best title of the above passage?"], "article": "It's such a shame to lose a free throw. Playing in the court has pressure from the opponent, time, your teammates, the audience, and yourself. You have to shoot the ball despite all the pressures around. But with a free throw, you have the ball, no one will try to get it from you, and you have all the time to shoot the ball. But why is it that many players, even good shooters, miss most of their free throws? Maybe they need more practice or maybe they need to apply more ways to improve their free throw.\nImprove your player or your free throwing skills by following the tips below:\nMake it personal. The truth is, there is no rule on how one should handle and throw the ball in a free throw. What matters is that the player should shoot the ball from the free throw line no matter how he does it. So when trying to improve your free throw shooting, better stick to what works the best for you. Do not copy other people's techniques. Make it your own and leave those techniques as theirs.\nFormulate   a repetitive way of shooting the ball. A free throw should be personalized. But it should also be repetitive. You should be able to repeat your free throw techniques whether you are in your court or in another court, whether you are energized or tired. You can't say you have a personal free throw technique if you can't repeat it over and over again.\nShoot at the same position and distance for every free throw. Basketball courts may be located in different places or maybe marked with different paint colors. But all of these courts maintain the same distance from the _ to the free throw line. Familiarize your perfect position when making your free throws. That should help you do your perfect throw.", "id": "high5459.txt"}