{"answers": ["C", "A", "D", "B"], "options": [["While breathing.", "While not reading.", "When you need to concentrate.", "When you waste your time."], ["To explain the course of thinking awareness.", "To show how to get ready for an exam.", "To present an example of concentration.", "To emphasize the importance of reading."], ["In a guidebook of natural science.", "In the front page of a newspaper.", "In an advertisement part of a magazine.", "In the section of psychology of a magazine."], ["the relationship between thoughts and breathing", "how people's thought and mind work", "what happens when one wants to think", "the ways to increase your thought"]], "questions": ["When can you feel you are thinking?", "Why does the author put forward the exam situation?", "Where can you most probably find the above passage?", "This passage is mainly about   _  ."], "article": "Thoughts claim our attention continuously, and waste our time and energy on unimportant and useless matters. They actually rule our life. We have become so used to this slavery, that we take it for granted, and have become unconscious of this habit, except on certain occasions.\nWhile breathing, we do not need to pay attention to each inhalation and exhalation. We become conscious of the process of breathing only when we have some difficulty with breathing, such as when our nose is blocked, due to a cold, or when we are in an unventilated  room.\nIt is the same with thinking. We become conscious of the constant onslaught of our thoughts, and of our inability to calm them down, only when we need to concentrate, solve a problem or study. We are also aware of them when we have worries or fears.\nLook at the following familiar situation. You need to study something for an exam. You sit comfortably on the sofa with the book in your hands and start reading. After a while you feel hungry and go to the kitchen to eat something.\nYou return to read, and then hear your people talking outside. You listen to them for several moments and then bring your attention back to the book.\nAfter a while you feel restless and switch on the radio to listen to some music. You continue to read for a little while, and then remember something that happened yesterday, and you start thinking about it.\nWhen you look at your watch, you are amazed to find out that one complete hour has passed and you have hardly read anything. And at this time, you feel you're thinking.\nThis is what happens when one lacks concentration. Imagine what you could have accomplished if you could control your attention and focus your mind!", "id": "high5461.txt"}