{"answers": ["D", "B", "D"], "options": [["get into the habit of living alone", "make many friends in society", "always tell the truth", "learn to be your own best friend"], ["To keep a good state of mind.", "To know more about yourself.", "To enjoy the time by yourself.", "To form a relationship with others."], ["eating healthily", "exercise regularly", "experimenting with new hair style", "keeping on struggling"]], "questions": ["If you want to have a good relationship with others, you should first  _  .", "What is the purpose of listening to your inner voice?", "In order to please yourself, the writer gives some suggestions EXCEPT  _  ."], "article": "Many people tend to complain about not having good friends in their lives. Sadly, they seem to think that their own company is not enough to make them happy. Nothing could be further from the truth though. In order to get along with others, the first thing you need to do is learn to get along with yourself. Only in this way will you succeed in developing healthy, solid relationships with others.\nListen to your inner voice. Remember that inner voice that keeps whispering to you what you really want and need as well as what you do not really want and need. It is about time you started listening to it. In order to get to know yourself in depth, it is important to learn and accept what you want and what you do not want.\nLearn to enjoy your own company. You will be surprised to find out how many things you can do by yourself and actually have fun in the process. Reading romantic novels, poetry or science fiction is only a few of the things that you can do by yourself, which not only can offer you hours of enjoyment, but also the chance to get to know yourself better.\nSatisfy yourself. Pay special attention to your personal hygiene . Do your hair and nails often and experiment with new styles. Follow a healthy diet and exercise regularly to stay in good shape. No matter how busy your daily schedule is, always find at least an hour per day for yourself, when you can either relax doing absolutely nothing, or doing something that you enjoy.\nLearn to respect your own _ . Find out what your boundaries are and learn to respect them. You are the only one who knows what you can and what you cannot accept;no one else can point that out to you, or force you to compromise .", "id": "high5472.txt"}