{"answers": ["D", "C", "B"], "options": [["Teaching children how to garden.", "Giving children the chance to show off", "Helping children realize the importance of work.", "Sharing the joy of gardening with children."], ["It makes your friends believe your children are smart.", "It helps you gain more confidence in your children.", "It encourages children to continue doing such work.", "It attracts your friends to take part in your gardening."], ["Children", "Parents", "Farmers", "Teachers"]], "questions": ["What is the text mainly about?", "Why should you introduce your children's work to your friends?", "What kind of people is the text mainly written for?"], "article": "Gardening can be a very relaxing hobby for many people and this wonderful experience is not just for adults. Children are interested in gardening as well, if given the chance to explore nature and science in this way. Gardening can bring joy to both children and their parents alike, especially when the experience is shared together.\nThe time that is spent gardening together builds precious memories within their hearts and minds for years to come. When you are gardening with your children, try to give them their own special area. Keep their area in the center of the best soil and light, as you want to make sure of a successful gardening experience.\nPlastic tools easily break and are difficult to use in the dirt, so when you are gardening with your children, give them real tools to use if possible. Even offering to let them use your tools is a way to admit the worth of the work they are doing. It is also important to talk with your children about the whole process of gardening, from planting to the harvest. They need to understand how things work and the importance of what they are doing.\nShow off the children's gardening work by taking friends and visitors for a walking tour through the garden and point out the children's particular spot. When you give attention to the children's work, this is a great motivation  for children to continue wanting to be involved. Do not force children to take part when they are in a bad mood or if they are becoming bored. Instead, allow them to do something different, like building a scarecrow ! This makes the gardening experience even more interesting. As you work together side by side with your children, you will encourage a love of the land in them, as well as create lasting memories of time spent with you.", "id": "high5475.txt"}