{"answers": ["B", "A", "C", "C"], "options": [["A trend of keeping rats as pets.", "How different cultures look at rats.", "How humans get along with animals.", "Favored animals in different cultures."], ["unpleasant", "honest", "smart", "unusual"], ["don't spread disease", "should be treated as pests", "are fairly described in the Chinese Zodiac", "are kept as pets by more and more people"], ["travel guide", "news report", "nature magazine", "history textbook"]], "questions": ["What does the passage mainly talk about?", "The rats in The Pied Piper of Hamlin appear  _  .", "According to the author, rats  _  .", "The passage is probably taken from a   _  ."], "article": "The relationship between humans and animals has always been complex. Some cultures have developed entire belief systems around favored animals. Even in cultures with less formal belief systems, connections between people and animals still lead to commonly accepted opinions about animals.\nThese belief systems usually develop around the animals that interact   with humans most frequently. Therefore, it should not be surprising that so many stories surround the most common of animals: rats. Rats live side by side with humans all over the world and regularly interact with people. Human-rat coexistence may be common all around the world, but different cultures respond to that closeness in different ways.\nIn the United States and Europe, one typical attitude is that the rat is a pest. This could be due to the common belief that rats spread disease. Actually, they don't, at least not directly, but many people don't know that. The Pied Piper of Hamlin, a well-known children's story, is one example of how rats have been described in Western literature: in that story, rats cause such a problem that a town has to hire a piper to call them all away.\nIn many Latin American countries, the rat is described in a very different way. The story of the tooth fairy (a fairy believed by children to leave money while they sleep in exchange for a tooth that has come out) is common all over the world, but in Latin America, the \"fairy\" is a rat! Rats do have very strong teeth, which could explain the association. Clearly, this shows another attitude toward rats that is much more positive.\nYet another attitude toward the rat can be seen in the Chinese Zodiac  . The Rat is one of the animals of the Zodiac. Like the other zodiac animals, the Rat is neither entirely good nor entirely bad. It's described as clever and friendly, but also tricky and not entirely honest. That may be the most accurate description of the rat so far. Whether you like rats or not, it's hard to deny their reputation for cleverness.\nAs many people are discovering these days, rats can even make excellent pets, so long as you remember to close the cage carefully!", "id": "high5521.txt"}