{"answers": ["B", "A", "A", "C"], "options": [["most children live in a school", "people are busy with their work", "table manners change a lot", "food in the restaurant is better"], ["turn out to do better in their studies", "prefer to share food with others", "show concerns about families", "are interested in cooking"], ["Supportive.", "Doubtful.", "Worried.", "Grateful."], ["Table manners of a family", "The importance of meals", "Why should the family eat together?", "How to choose food for your family?"]], "questions": ["Some families eat less together because   _  .", "Children who often eat with their families   _  .", "Which word can best describe the writer's attitude towards eating together with families?", "Which would be the best title of the passage?"], "article": "When was the last time your family sat down together to have a dinner?\nThe speed at which we live today no longer allows for slow eating habits. Most people work long hours. There is lots of fast food and eating out is now on the increase. Often, food is eaten in front of the television in silence, or a child eats alone in front of the computer.\nWhen I was a child, every evening around the same time, one of the children would be asked to set the table, and then we'd go and wash our hands: before the meal. This was the time of day when we would talk about our day at school. But now things have changed a lot.\nA family environment plays an important role for children in learning to communicate with others and understanding table manners, such as waiting for others to finish before leaving the table and not speaking with a mouth full of food. Parents' likes and dislikes of a certain food will also influence a child's own likes and dislikes. Studies have shown that children who often eat with their families have better results at school than children who eat with their families less than twice a week.\nRegular meal times give children the chance to discuss their problems with family members. They can also learn to respect others around the table. Talking to your children over dinner is the best way of having their-trust. Children learn good eating habits from their parents at a very young age. Family meals are important. Prepare them for your children.", "id": "high5526.txt"}