{"answers": ["B", "C", "B", "D"], "options": [["More and more kids have mobile internet access", "Some choices for monitoring and controlling kid's internet use", "It is difficult to monitor and control kid's internet use", "Kids are turning to the internet for everything"], ["With tracking software", "With tracking software and content blockers and filters", "With content blockers and filters", "With filters and trackers"], ["content blockers, filters, and trackers are useless.", "lots of kids figure out ways to get around content blockers, filters, and trackers.", "not all adult sites can be identified by blocker, filter, or tracker software", "nothing can replace involvement and supervision by adults"], ["Tracking software", "Content blockers and filters", "Filters and trackers", "Involvement and supervision by adults"]], "questions": ["What is the passage mainly about?", "How should parents monitor and control younger kids' internet use?", "Parents should remain alert when they monitor kids' internet use because  _", "_  is the most important for parents to monitor and control kid's internet use?"], "article": "If your child has mobile internet access, it will be more difficult to monitor  and control his or her internet use. Kids are turning to the internet for everything from hanging out with friends to shopping, which makes it harder for parents to keep track of their online activities. Fortunately, there are many choices for controlling what your kids see on their computers, laptops, and mobile devices.\nContent blockers and filters are great tools to use for younger kids. They allow you more control over where they go and what they do online. A content blocker can block some unhealthy websites or limit a child's search to the kind of sites. A content filter can scan sites and pictures and block those sites that contain certain words, key phrases, or content.\nConsider tracking software for older teenagers. This software enables you to see which sites your children have visited, tracking their path online. This tool gives young people more freedom to explore the Internet, but it also allows you to check that they are using the internet responsibly. Let your teenagers know that you trust them, but that you will be regularly checking that they are visiting appropriate sites online.\nEven if you use content blockers, filters, and trackers, you know that a lot of kids figure out ways to get around these, so it's important to remain alert . Remember that not all adult sites can be identified by blocker, filter, or tracker software. That's why it's important to talk to your kids about what to do when something inappropriate or scary comes up. Nothing can replace involvement and supervision  by adults. Keep monitoring how your kids use the internet on a regular basis without getting into the role of internet traffic police.", "id": "high5536.txt"}