{"answers": ["D", "B", "C", "C"], "options": [["the high school which he attended", "the teacher who asked him to walk", "the writer himself who was fearful", "the father who left in his childhood"], ["the mother took him to the doctor", "the writer read a magazine article", "the writer's pain finally stopped", "the writer went to college"], ["He went to see therapists.", "He returned to high school.", "He contacted his old friends.", "He didn't suffer any attacks."], ["anxiety attacks are not lasting if we have proper treatment", "we shouldn't keep ourselves away from the outside world", "we can change our lives if we give ourselves a chance", "fathers are not supposed to abandon their small kids"]], "questions": ["The writer's anxiety attacks were mainly caused by_.", "The breakthrough of the writer's treatment came when  _  .", "What did the writer do after following the plan?", "The writer wrote this story to tell us  _  ."], "article": "Growing up, I knew I was different. My father had left and he never came back. As I later discovered, the abandonment triggered my anxiety attacks. I feared being alone, unwanted, unpopular, and unloved.\nMy first attack came in a ninth-grade class: The teacher asked me to walk in front of the class, but I couldn't do it- I was soaked in sweat, shaking. My symptoms began every morning from the moment when I stepped inside the school building.\nThroughout my childhood, I was no stranger to the doctor's office. My mother tried everything she could in hope of a breakthrough. There were times I thought suicide could be the only way to make the pain stop.\nBy age 16, I had shut down socially. Most of my peers were going to parties, playing sports, and dating. But I was a prisoner in my own home.\nThen one Sunday morning, my wake-up call came from a magazine article. Freddie Prinze, Jr. was on the cover. The article detailed the pain of losing his father at a young age. I felt as though I were reading my own life story. The only difference? He was now a success.\nThat article inspired me to explore a new treatment option for myself. I wanted to turn my life around as well. So I hit the library and the Internet, and I began to realize how my negative thoughts controlled my physical well-being.\nImmediately, I made a plan to take charge of my life. Shortly after following the items I had listed, I was able to stop seeing a therapist. I never returned to high school, but I did go to college. After graduation, I pursued a career in television news. My relationships have changed for the better, too. I've made new friends and reconnected with many from my past\nThe anxiety isn't completely gone, but whenever it returns, I know the feeling will pass, and know I have the power to change my life, only if I will give myself a chance.", "id": "high5550.txt"}