{"answers": ["A", "B", "B", "D"], "options": [["Because his son would graduate from high school.", "Because he felt sorry for never watching his son play.", "Because it was a final his son played a key role in.", "Because he had a strong interest in basketball himself."], ["talk about what the players were doing wrong", "make the players feel better", "prevent spectators from hearing what he said", "show his anger at the bad performance of the players"], ["Negative.", "Supportive.", "Interested.", "Unconcerned."], ["A father should care about his son at school.", "Playing hard is rewarded with a close match.", "What a coach says has the most influence on players.", "Looking at things positively is important in hard times."]], "questions": ["Why did the writer come to see his son play basketball?", "By squatting down, the coach wanted to   _   .", "What is the writer's attitude towards the coach?", "What can we infer from the passage?"], "article": "It was the end of the school term and my son Tom had less than three months left before he would finish his six years at high school. During this time he had developed a love for basketball. Sadly, because of my work over the last twelve months, I had only been able to attend a few of his games; however, I was determined to get to his last game for the school term.\nTom's team came out in the first 10 minutes with a burst of goals that saw them leading by just over 20 points at the end of the first half. The second half changed as the other team quickly played themselves back into the game. Tom's team started to miss an increasing number of shots. It was at that point that the coach called his first time out.\nThe noise of the spectators   became quiet as the coach spoke to them. He had the team standing in a half circle, but he squatted   down, looking up at them and fiving some very calm and clear instructions on what they needed to do in the last couple of minutes. As he stood up to allow the team to return to the court, I saw him give some further words of encouragement to all of them.\nYou could see that he knew that the team was fighting to save the game and that he needed to lift them up. By squatting down he placed himself in a position where he was talking up to them, rather than down or at them, and as the players went back onto the court his words of encouragement served to lift their energy and spirits.\nWell, Tom's team went on to win the final by 5 points. As I drove away I thought about what can happen to us all in our everyday life. One of my favourite quotes is about the half filled glass of water --- \"Is it half full or is it half empty?\" Like the coach, the answer to this quote all depends on how you look at things.", "id": "high5571.txt"}