{"answers": ["C", "C", "D", "A"], "options": [["the author did not know the woman", "the woman interrupted the author's thoughts", "the author thought she wanted to use the vacant parking space", "the author was too weak to say anything"], ["She often made the author angry.", "She left nothing to the author.", "She was kind to the author.", "She lost faith in God."], ["The author and the woman became good friends later.", "The woman turned out to be the author's grandmother's nurse.", "The author knows the specific details about this experience.", "The author was very grateful to the unknown woman."], ["Miracle at the Parking Lot", "What Hope for Dead Loved Ones?", "True Love for My Grandmother", "Adu, My Grandmother's Nurse"]], "questions": ["The author refused to say anything to the woman but just pointed to her own car at first mainly because   _  .", "What can we learn about the author's grandmother?", "What can be inferred from the passage?", "What would be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "Feeling exhausted and hopeless, I began walking to my car. Every step seemed tiring, and every step was another to survive. As I looked up into the sky I thought about how my grandmother had left me, and my anger began to return. I was annoyed by the loss, and my belief in God was beginning to fade. I couldn't understand why these things happened. So as I stood in a public parking lot a million questions formed in my mind. Why did this happen to me? Aren't we supposed to get signs from the people that pass on? Why did I not feel her presence anymore? Is there a heaven?\nSuddenly, a woman driving right by my side rolled down her window and distracted my unanswered thoughts. \"Excuse me, excuse me, excuse me,\" she said loudly. Thinking she was going to ask for my parking spot, I simply pointed to my car. The thought of having to say where my car was seemed like too much to bear. \"No, excuse me,\" she said again.\nAt this point, I felt I had no choice but to see what this annoying lady wanted. As I got closer, I was startled--was this my grandmother's nurse, Adu, who lived with her during her final months? I soon realized that she wasn't, although the resemblance was unusual. Then, I realized that this Adu was searching for something in her bag. Surprisingly, I was overcome by a sense of relief that led me to be patient the entire time the lady was searching. Others would be nervous by a stranger reaching in their bag, but I wasn't. She finally reached to the very bottom of her bag and handed me a three-page booklet. \"It looks like you need this,\" she said calmly with a warm smile on her face.\nI looked down at the mysterious and obviously used booklet and on the front cover in big bold letters read \"What Hope for Dead Loved Ones?\"\nIt took me only a few seconds to comprehend the exchange with this woman, but by the time I looked up, she was gone.\nI walked slowly into my car holding the tiny little book that was given to me with fear that it would fly away in the wind. I didn't know what it was exactly, but I knew that if my grandmother had anything to do with that I didn't want to let it go.\nI felt a sense of relaxation as I opened the first page. It explained how people pass on, but their spirit remains with us. This was the first time since my grandma had passed that I felt her with me, just like I had wanted. I didn't know whether to laugh or cry, but I did know that I finally felt happiness from the surprising change in events.\nI couldn't, and still can't, believe what had happened to me on that day. I don't remember the specific details that you usually hear about like what the person was wearing, the time of day, or even the weather, but it doesn't matter. It was a random day in November when my life turned back around and I began to feel hope again. It was real. It was a miracle. And, I'll remember it for the rest of my life.", "id": "high5577.txt"}