{"answers": ["C", "D"], "options": [["the pace of change in our lives is becoming faster", "we fail to reflect on fun times in our lives", "we treat everything in a serious way", "humor of situations lies beneath"], ["The power of honesty.", "Don't be your own worst enemy.", "Live life purposefully: The relationship within.", "Funny Christmas stories to share with your loved ones."]], "questions": ["According to the author, laughter is leaving us partly because   _  .", "Which of the following articles can we most probably find in \"The Humormeister's Forum\"?"], "article": "The power of humor and laugher is numerous. They entertain us and make us feel good. But, above all, we have discovered that humor and laughter are the best medicine. They relieve pain, reduce stress and anxiety, and are anti-aging and longevity facilitators .\nThey are extremely necessary for helping us to find and maintain a balance between life and work. However, they are slipping away from us. We have become far too serious. The only ones who still enjoy humor, laughter, fun and play to the fullest are young children. Children tend to laugh an average of 200 times a day. For adults, however, it is a totally different story.\nIn the 1950s people laughed on average 18 times a day. Today, we are lucky if we average between 4-6 times a day.\nAs a matter of fact, a recent study found that people laugh 6 more times in the presence of one person but 30 more times in a group of people. You can get a chuckle  from jokes you get on the Internet, but it is not the same as belly jiggling laughter (a deep laugh) you get when you interact with others.\nSocializing  with friends and relatives was much looked forward to. However, this is no longer the case. In fact, the majority of people can hardly find time, nor do they have the _ towards socializing outside home. They turn to electronic media such as television, computers, the Internet, videos, CDs, and audio equipment, which can provide them with instant self-entertainment at the push of a button.\nThe workplace does not fare  much better. Due to the pressures to produce more in the same or fewer hours available and to compete, for example, in a manufacturing field with cheaper labor elsewhere in the world, humor and laughter in the workplace have gradually eroded  away.\nI have developed a real appreciation, perhaps closer to a strong desire for the power of humor and laughter. This encouraged me to write my first book titled \"The Power of Humor\" and subsequently my second book titled \"Kids Say the Goggonest Things\" based on the natural humor, laughter, play and fun that kids experience and they freely share with parents, grandparents and teachers.\nFrom writing about humor and laughter, people start to ask me to speak up for them. To date, I have developed a number of humor-laughter topics that I use in my keynote presentations. You are invited to subscribe to my free monthly e-magazine \"The Humormeister's Forum\" by clicking on the Free Humor E-zine navigation button on the website.", "id": "high5578.txt"}