{"answers": ["D", "A"], "options": [["teachers' good instruction", "advanced technology", "teachers' encouragement", "personal connection"], ["example", "description", "figure", "Comparison"]], "questions": ["According to the text, the most important element in education is   _  .", "The author states his view of education by   _  ."], "article": "Today, in many high schools, teaching is now a technical miracle of computer labs, digital cameras, DVD players and laptops. Teachers can e-mail parents, post messages for students on online bulletin(,) boards, and take attendance with a quick movement of a mouse.\nEven though we are now living in the digital age, the basic and most important element of education has not changed. Most students still need that one-on-one, teacher-student relationship to learn and to succeed. Teenagers need instruction in English, math or history, but they also want personal advice and encouragement. Kids talk with me about their families, their weekend plans, their favorite TV shows and their relationship problems. In my English and journalism classes, we talk about Shakespeare and persuasive  essays, but we also discuss college basketball, the war in Iraq and career choices. Students show me pictures of their rebuilt cars, their family vacations, and their newborn baby brothers. This personal connection is the necessary link between teachers and students that no amount of technology can improve upon or replace.\nA few years ago I had a student in sophomore English who was struggling with my class and with school in general. Although he was a humorous young man who liked to joke around, I knew his family life was far from ideal. Whenever I approached him about missing homework or low test grades, he always had the same reply, \"It doesn't matter because I'm quitting school anyway.\" Even though he always said this in a half-teasing way, I knew he needed to hear my different opinion and my \"value of a high school education\" lecture. He needed to hear this speech from me. After he left my class, he struggled through the next two years of school. But, he did finally graduate because we kept telling him to hang in there. We'd cared about him finishing school.\nRecently, I saw this former student working at a local Italian restaurant. I told him again how proud I was of him. He said that he was hoping to go back to school to become a certified electrician. I encouraged him to get that training.\nStudents rely on _ teachers to guide, to tutor, to listen, to laugh and to cry with them. Teachers provide the most important link in the educational process--the human one.", "id": "high5580.txt"}