{"answers": ["B", "D"], "options": [["You can get more information about Disney World ahead of time.", "You can make it more economical to travel to Disney World.", "You can spend longer time traveling in Disney World.", "You can receive a warm welcome in Disney World."], ["By going there in the peak seasons.", "By staying outside the resort for a week or two.", "By buying food ahead of time in Disney World.", "By carrying enough food and drinks."]], "questions": ["Why do you need to start planning for a vacation to Disney World well in advance?", "How can you save money if you visit Disney World according to the passage?"], "article": "A trip with your family and friends to Disney World can be one of the best vacations of your life. When you decide to travel to this destination, you can be sure in the knowledge that you are going to have a great time.\nMany travelers may be worried about the exorbitant amount of money that one has to pay for a comfortable and fun trip to Disney World. We all want to give our family and children the best time since it may only be a once in a lifetime vacation. However it would not be wise to end up in debt over a week-long stay in Disney World. A few handy tips and a little planning can make a lot of difference and can reduce some of your financial   worries.\nYou need to start planning for a vacation to Disney World well in advance. The first step is deciding what time of year you wish to visit it. The peak seasons of the year will be costly for the accommodations   whether you are staying within or outside the theme park. Staying outside the resort is a choice that may save you a large amount of money if you plan to stay for a week or two. Also, there are plenty of budget   hotels outside Disney World that offer cheap and pleasant accommodations with shuttle services. Another money saving tip is to buy food ahead of time. If you have most of your meals at your hotel or at cheaper restaurants, it will save you a lot of money. You can try not to buy food in and around Disney World. Carrying food and beverages and enough cold water would help you reduce the cost, too.", "id": "high56.txt"}