{"answers": ["B", "A", "B"], "options": [["left alone", "treated seriously", "taken for granted", "taken lightly"], ["caretakers", "killers", "competitors", "trainers"], ["The Ways of Protecting Animals", "The Importance of Studying Zoology", "The Introduction to Zoology", "The Advantages of Learning Zoology"]], "questions": ["According to the text, nature should be  _  .", "To animals, humans should act as  _  .", "The best title for the passage may be \"  _  \"."], "article": "Zoology is the part of science that deals with the study of the animals' growth, home and behavior. It has nothing to do with people, so many students are left wondering why they have to learn it.\nOur nature includes not just humans but plants and animals as well. Everything in our environment is connected in a complex cycle. If you have a better understanding of how animals would behave and work with us, then you would value nature better.\nSome animals are actually misunderstood by people like sharks and snakes. These creatures are thought of as human killers, and this is mainly because we don't understand why they behave that way. In zoology you would be able to learn natural behavior as well as their homes so you would completely understand why they would behave in a defensive  manner when they seem to be threatened. Studying zoology would help people achieve clearness over the common myths we have on different wild animals.\nStudying zoology would help people know the real facts about animals. One of the negative facts is the decreasing numbers of some species of animals. It makes people realize that there is a need for nature to be always balanced. We need animals to keep the balance in our environment and for humans to survive as well. It would help us learn the needs that animals lack and we can respond by thinking of solutions we can give to the endangered species of animals.\nModern progress is needed for a country to grow in terms of its economy; however, it should not force us to destroy our rainforests and oceans. People should realize that our modern lives should include the lives of the animals that live with us. They should not be contained in zoos but in their natural homes as well. We will learn that every living creature on the earth has the right to own a home and we need to fight for them to have permanent  homes.", "id": "high5604.txt"}