{"answers": ["B", "D", "C"], "options": [["It is illegal to keep track of personal privacy on Facebook.", "Personal privacy is inaccessible online with control customized.", "People tend to ignore privacy provided it is blocked purposefully.", "We need someone to remind us constantly of our privacy online."], ["Sending texts to consult a doctor for surgery", "Carrying on casual conversations via emails.", "Emailing your boss with emoticons for promotion.", "Writing a formal invitation for a dress-up event."], ["Arranging for a social gathering to celebrate it.", "Informing your teachers who may help you spread.", "Telling your parents before posting it on your blog.", "Sending everyone a message privately to share it."]], "questions": ["What do we learn about social media from the first Q and A?", "Which of the following is appropriate about using social media?", "According to the passage, how would you make it known that you have won a scholarship to Harvard?"], "article": "Q: On Facebook, my friends are a mix of real-life pals, former classmates, professional colleagues, extended-family members, and ... my mom. Mom is the first to like and comment on everything I post, which is annoying. I tried talking to her about it, but her feelings quickly got hurt, so I backed off. I know I can't block her, but now I don't want to post anything. How do I handle this?\nA: This is about Facebook, not your mom. The often-shrugged-off truth about social media is that nothing is private. It's easy to forget this, so in a way, you're lucky that your mom is reminding you. Everything you post--comments, likes, photos--is freely available to future friends, employers, lovers etc unless blocked. That said, you can ask Mom again nicely to tone it down. You can also customize your controls so she can't see everything you post.\nQ: In which situations am I required to make a phone call versus send a text message?\nA: A text is for information--time, date, news. It's for the stuff you can keep short and sweet. A phone call is for analysis, discussion, opinion, and, if you must, gossip.\nQ: I'm always on Facebook, so I just send messages to friends through the site. But when should I log off and send an e-mail?\nA: When you're serious about anything. Think of it as chatting with someone on a bus versus asking her to meet you for coffee. The former is good for casual conversation; the latter is personal and requires attention.\nQ: For which occasions should I mail paper invitations versus send e-mail ones? (E-cards are free and easy--what's not to love?!)\nA: Anything important needs a paper invitation. That's your baseline. So ask yourself: \"Do I want people to dress up for this event?\" If the answer is yes, dress up your invitation by making it printed instead of virtual. For more casual events and gatherings, e-card away.\nQ: Is using emoticons ever inappropriate to express a feeling or make a point in texts or e-mails?\nA: Emoticons are for fun. Is the message you're writing fun? Use an emoticon. Are you asking for a big favor? Skip it. Is the message to your boss or a colleague? Skip it. Avoid them if you want to be taken seriously about anything.\nQ: I have a big, happy announcement to share with a lot of people. Is it appropriate to share it on my blog?\nA: Yes, so you don't have to go cc-ing everyone in an e-mail. Post away. But send a private message to those who should know first.\nQ: I have a big, sad announcement. What should I do?\nA: Respect your privacy--and yourself. Pick up the phone and call a trusted friend or family member to let her know, and then ask her to help spread the news offline.", "id": "high5614.txt"}