{"answers": ["A", "B", "B", "A"], "options": [["on his side", "on his back", "curled up", "on his stomach"], ["do things personally.", "stay alone", "keep things secret", "trust others easily"], ["The people sleeping on their stomachs and those sleeping on his backs.", "The people sleeping on their sides and those sleeping curled up.", "The people sleeping on their backs and those sleeping on their sides.", "The people sleeping curled up and those sleeping on their stomach."], ["one's sleeping position has something to do with one's character.", "everyone has got both real and secret personalities.", "the position in which one goes to sleep is the most important one.", "when awake, one does not show one's secret personality."]], "questions": ["According to the passage, a person, who is not willing to change his mind and hard to deal with, probably sleeps  _  .", "If a person prefers to sleep curled up rather than on his back, he may be well content to  _  .", "Which of the following people, in the author's opinion, most likely have personalities opposite to each other ?", "What the author mainly intends to tell us is that  _  ."], "article": "Everyone has got two personalities-the one that is shown to the world and the other that is secret and real. You don't show your secret personality when you're awake because you can control your behavior, but when you're asleep, your sleeping position shows the real you. In a normal night, of course, people frequently change their positions. The important position is the one that you go to sleep in.\nIf you go to sleep on your back, you're a very open person. You normally trust people and you are easily influenced by fashion or new ideas. You don't like to displease people. So you never express your real feelings. You're quite shy and you aren't quite sure of yourself.\nIf you sleep on your stomach, you are a rather secretive person. You worry a lot and you're always easily upset. You always stick to your own opinions or judgment, but you don't raise your hopes too much. You usually live for today not tomorrow. This means that you enjoy having a good time.\nIf you sleep curled up, you are probably a very nervous person. You have a low opinion of yourself and so you're often defensive. You're shy and you don't normally like meeting people. You prefer to be on your own. You're easily hurt.\nIf you sleep on your side, you have usually got a well--balanced personality. You know your strengths and weakness. You're usually careful. You believe in yourself. You sometimes feel anxious, but you don't often get sad. You always insist on what you think even if it makes people rather angry.", "id": "high5619.txt"}