{"answers": ["A", "D"], "options": [["According to FDA , Seanol reaches the agreed standard.", "Seanol can be fat soluble entirely.", "Seanol is a common seaweed extract fromEcklonia Cava.", "Seanol's protective compounds can get into all things like the fatty tissues of your brain."], ["pessimistic", "indifferent", "doubtful", "Optimistic"]], "questions": ["Which is right about Seanol ?", "What's the makers' attitude toward Marine-D3?"], "article": "Today, the biggest killers stem as much from our lifestyles as from bacteria and viruses.  One of the worst of these is heart disease, and specifically high blood pressure. It's a slow, but efficient killer that robs many people of what should be the last 10, 20 or 30 years of their lives.\nScientists are claiming that they have now separated unusual ingredients in a rare seaweed discovered by fishermen off the coast of Korea that offer incredible health benefits--including the ability to restore blood pressure to normal levels.\nDr. Haengwoo Lee, a famous biochemist conducted a clinical study on these two ingredients. The first is Seanol, an extremely rare seaweed extract  from Ecklonia Cava that's proven to be 100 times more powerful than any land-based antioxidant . That's because it stays working in your body for 12 hours, compared to land-based antioxidants that work for 30 minutes.  \"Its secret is its make-up of special chemicals that are a huge 40% fat soluble( ),\" Dr. Lee explains. \"Unlike nearly all land-based antioxidants that are water soluble, Seanol's protective compounds can get into things like the fatty tissues of your brain and penetrate  all three layers of your cells, including the outside, the oil-based cell membranes , and your DNA.\" Indeed, Seanol is so powerful, it's the only FDA-approved Ecklonia Cava marine-algae    extract in existence.\nThe second ingredient is Calamarine, a deep-sea omega-3 discovery that delivers 85% more DHA omega-3s to your heart, brain, joints, and eyes. It's known to reduce the problems from tiredness and poor memory, joint pain, mood swings and depression.\nWith that research in mind, Dr. Lee combined Seanol and Calamarine with a high dose of vitamin D to form  Marine-D3, the newest supplement in the fight against age-related illnesses and high blood pressure.\nDr. Lee found that Calamarine delivers some of the greatest concentration of omega-3s known to science. Combined with Seanol's ability to reduce body inflammation , as well as help cells get the nutrients they need to thrive, stay healthy and protected, Marine-D3 is able to boost a body's entire well being.\nThe makers of Marine-D3 are so confident that you'll see fast dramatic results from this product, that if you aren't happy after two full months, simply return the unused portion and they'll buy it back. They'll even give you ten dollars extra just for giving it an honest try! That kind of faith, combined with Dr. Lee's exhaustive research, shows that Marine-D3 really is a one-of-a-kind product.", "id": "high5631.txt"}