{"answers": ["A", "C", "B"], "options": [["WEN(r) contains natural herbs and botanicals.", "You cann't use WEN(r) without bubble.", "WEN(r) hasn't been tested before selling.", "WEN(r) is accessible only online."], ["Why are shampoos a waste of money", "Why do we need shampoos", "WEN(r) is your best choice.", "WEN(r) has good guarantee"], ["magazine", "website", "newspaper", "text"]], "questions": ["Which is right according to the passage?", "Which is the best title of the passage?", "Where does the passage come from ?"], "article": "It's the dirty little secret many shampoo companies don't want you to know.  When you wash your hair with certain traditional chemical shampoos, you may actually be removing your hair and scalp of their natural oils.  These shampoos generate a thick bubble to clean hair, they can also create dryness, curl, dullness, and color fade. We then spend a lot of time and money on products that are effectively repairing the damage caused by shampoo.\nChaz Dean got tired of clients leaving his salon _ t their color and the feeling of their hair---brassy  and dull. He knew the main cause was likely their shampoo, so he started experimenting with various ingredients, including natural herbs and botanicals, that he knew had cleansing and hydrating   properties.\nThe result was a totally new approach to the way we cleanse our hair.  It's called WEN(r) Cleansing Conditioner.  WEN(r) contains a super-hydrating natural herbs and botanicals mixture of glycerin, chamomile , rosemary, calendula, and Cherry bark, which when combined, will both cleanse the hair as well as give shine and softness, even to damaged hair.\nWEN(r) is a 5-in-1 formula  that takes the place of your shampoo, And the most amazing thing about it is that it cleanses without bubble.  Instead, when mixed with water, it creates a smooth bubble for shiny, healthy-looking, manageable results.  The first time you try it certainly feels strange, but the results speak for themselves.\nBefore being marketed, WEN(r) went through extensive consumer tests, and the results were impressive.  More than 90 percent of the participants in the studies reported that their hair was more shiny, less frizzy, and had more bounce.\nWEN(r) is recommended for all hair types, and once you start using it, it will become the only cleanser/conditioner you will want to include in your daily routine.\nRight now, WEN(r) is offering an easy way for online shoppers to try the product.  Now you just pay less than $30 and have a 60 day money back guarantee if you are not completely satisfied. Click here to learn more about WEN(r) and try this revolutionary new approach yourself.", "id": "high5632.txt"}