{"answers": ["C", "B", "B", "A"], "options": [["robbers are sure to get what they want", "somebody never runs out of good luck", "the woman was lucky to miss her flight", "if one feels oneself lucky, he or she will continue to be so"], ["warn people of the danger of winning the lottery", "tell people life is unpredictable", "encourage people to buy lottery", "persuade people not to be greedy"], ["Never waste any time or energy because time is so limited.", "One needn't be worried or feel frustrated. Believe in yourself.", "Even while everything appears to be going smoothly, we should keep fully alert.", "Worrying about what you don't have"], ["misfortune sometimes is a blessing", "we should save up for a rainy day", "fortune just goes with those prepared minds", "both losses and gains go hand in hand"]], "questions": ["From the passage, we learn that   _  .", "The writer presents the second example in order to   _  .", "According to the author, which of the following choices is the correct attitude to adopt to life?", "The passage above is intended to tell us   _  ."], "article": "In a cab, a woman seemed in such a hurry. She constantly rushed the cab driver to drive quickly. She was so absorbed in her own thoughts of getting to the airport as soon as possible that she was not aware they were going by a different route.\nAll of a sudden, a young man got inside the cab. He took her handbag in which she had put her visa, passport, and all the money for the trip.\nThe cab driver, who was _ the robber, left her in the exactly middle of a dark street. She thought that she was rather unfortunate in the very situation.\nDuring the very night, she was told a piece of shocking news. Tears came down her cheek. Flight 360, the plane that she should have got on board, had crashed. Had she not lost her important belongings, she could surely have lost the thing far more precious----her life.\nSometimes bad things really happen. There are times when nothing seems to go our way. So what should we do about it? We must get rid of all these frustrations and start all over again in the faith that we will get what we deserve.\nDon't waste your time and energy on things that can't be changed. Continuous worrying will only affect your health and you'll be doing much more damage than what was previously done.\nWhat if it was the other way round? What if we never ran out of good luck?\nThere was a man who won the lottery. He became greedy and wasted all his money on everything he could get his hands on.\nBut when he one day made it to the front page of the newspaper again, it was a different story. He had been killed because of his riches. If you attain good luck, you can never be too secure about it. Life is so unpredictable. You never know what will happen next.\nLive one day at a time. We sometimes subject ourselves to unnecessary emotional trouble. But please don't forget: sometimes misfortune can be the source of happiness. Live for the moment. Do what must be done for the present and the future will turn out just fine. Believe me. And believe in yourself. As Captain Planet always says, \"The power is yours!\"", "id": "high5633.txt"}