{"answers": ["C", "B", "C"], "options": [["The program shown is always about the importance of TV.", "The person always turns off the TV when it's time for news.", "The news shown is always about someone the person knows.", "TV always shows news about famous people."], ["Life skills can be learned from TV.", "What happens in TV is quite different from reality.", "Watching TV makes people more creative.", "TV plays an important role in society."], ["positive", "casual", "negative", "indifferent"]], "questions": ["On TV what usually happens when a person turns it on?", "What's the main idea of this passage?", "The writer of this passage takes a(n)   _   attitude towards TV plays."], "article": "We are always told that TV is not good for us. If it is true, how come the TV-addicted kids of our young generation nowadays are much smarter than we are? In my family, the only persons who can work the TV remote control well are the children.\nProbably TV really educates us. For example, we can learn a very useful medical fact: _ . \"The killer was...\" (dies)\nBut I suppose the biggest things that we learn from TV can be regarded as \"Life Skills\". Bad things simply happen on either stormy or dark nights. Emotional breakdowns make people wander in the heavy rain without raincoats or umbrellas. And contrary to the scientists, the crack of lightning and the accompanying flash come on at exactly the same time, wherever the scenes are.\nI've even got to know useful geographical facts from science-fiction shows: Aliens only speak the language of English no matter which planet they come from.\nTo make good use of something that we learn from TV can make our security better. Consider these truths. When you are really attacked by 20 bad guys, you needn't worry about your being outnumbered. The criminals will hang back and take turns to approach you in ones and twos just so you can conveniently defeat them all. Bad guys who are completely covered in black clothes always remove their black masks to reveal that they are in fact, aha, women.\nTV often teaches us a lot of important information as well about escaping from danger. Watch and learn. (1) If anyone is running after you down a passage, you will find that boxes have been conveniently placed near all the walls you need to jump over. (2) If you are tall and handsome, you can run from any number of armed criminals, and every shot will miss you.\nBe warned, however, if your name card says \"henchman\"   and you are part of a group of plain-looking people trying to catch a handsome individual, a single shot will kill you. But don't be anxious: TV also delivers useful information for bad guys. All cars are inflammable   and have amazing shock absorbers that enable them to fly into the air and land without damage -- except police cars.\nTV even teaches us about TV. Whenever anyone turns on a TV, it shows a news flash about someone they know. They then turn the box off immediately after that news item.", "id": "high5636.txt"}