{"answers": ["B", "D", "C", "A"], "options": [["letting people have a good sleep", "making people think positively", "showing something new to people", "making people focus only on important things"], ["Stress", "Smoking", "Failure in business", "Loss of concentration"], ["stress", "depression", "anxiety", "upset"], ["The health benefits of listening to music", "Stress can bring us many kinds of diseases", "Some diseases have something to do with music", "Tips for us to live a healthy and comfortable life"]], "questions": ["Good music helps people remove stress mainly by   _  .", "Which of the following is NOT a reason for depression mentioned in the passage?", "According to the passage, one who has cancer will most probably experience   _  .", "Which of the following might be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "\"If music is the medicine of the soul , let it play on,\" said a famous person. I think he said so because probably he got some help from music. Music has some strange abilities. Medical scientists have found that a person that feels stressed can actually listen to some kind of music and become well.\nThe researchers said that since stress comes as a result of life events such as starting a new family, starting a new business, and starting a new job, one can actually listen to good music and feel good because good music touches the human mind in a positive way. Music helps you to forget the life events that make you worried and remember the important events that once happened in your life.\nDepression  is a disease cause by stress, smoking, social problems and so on. Depression is also caused by problems such as failure in business. Depression may bring us weakness, headache, and loss of concentration. Good music makes one remember happy moments or good days. If you play music about love, it makes you feel like falling in love again though you may have had several upset experiences. And such good feeling make you healthy.\nAnxiety  is another health problem that can be controlled by music. Anxiety is a side effect of some major health problems such as cancer of the liver and cancer of the breast. Good music makes you feel relaxed and removes the pains from these diseases and you feel all right.\nGood music can send you to sleep. And you need to know that sleep puts your body in a healthy condition. Sleep takes away the effects of stress, depression and anxiety from a person.", "id": "high5644.txt"}