{"answers": ["A", "B", "A", "C"], "options": [["a Canadian", "an Englishman", "Nancy's schoolmate", "Nancy's father"], ["couldn't prevent the boys taking interest in her", "felt it her own fault to be called names by boys", "found herself more stupid than the boys", "wanted the boys to see her hurt by herself"], ["want to prove manly", "are bigger and stronger", "mean to hurt Nancy", "actually like Nancy"], ["talk to the writer", "cry and hurt herself", "fight back and ignore them", "stick holes in her fingers"]], "questions": ["It can be learned from the passage that the writer is  _  .", "Nancy hurt herself because she  _  .", "We can learn that the boys call Nancy names mainly because they  _  .", "The best way for Nancy to stop being called names is to  _  ."], "article": "Thank you for trusting me. I enjoy exchanging my ideas with yours\nThe first thing I want to tell you is that if the boys are calling you names it is their fault, not yours. Boys, at your age, are different from girls. They are trying to prove that they are manly and then often do this by picking on someone who can't really fight back. This is, of course, wrong but it happens. In general, the boys know they are bigger and stronger than you are, so they can make fun of you and make you cry and then laugh about it. If you let them see that they are hurting you, they will only do it more. It isn't that they want to hurt you; they simply want to make themselves feel superior . It's stupid, but it is common.\nIn English we say \" sticks and stones may break my bones but names will never hurt me.\" Canadian children learn this from their mothers because the same thing that is happening to you in China also happens here. The best ways of getting the boys to stop calling your names is to simply ignore them, knowing that the names can't hurt you and that the boys are being stupid. If you can laugh at them they will get tired of trying to make you cry and they'll give up. It won't be easy, but, trust me, it will work. There is also something else working in your favor and that is that you are growing up and the boys are beginning to notice you as a young woman. I suspect some of them actually like you and are making fun of you just to get your attention. Again, it's stupid but it happens. In reality, you can control this situation by not letting them see you getting hurt. Laugh at them, tell them they're acting like children and they should grow up and then walk away with your head held high.\nOne more thing, Nancy. It is very important that you stop hurting yourself. If someone else hurts you, it is bad enough but you should't make it worse by then hurting yourself. Even sticking a pen into your finger can cause an infection and give you a lot of trouble and besides, it hurts. The next time you are disturbed by a group of stupid boys, write to me. You and I can talk about anything you like; about China, about Canada, about travel, anything. Having a conversation with me is better than sticking holes in your fingers, at least I hope it is.", "id": "high5652.txt"}