{"answers": ["A"], "options": [["They are expected to function as well as natural ones.", "They have many large motors controlled by robots.", "They have human-like strength to control the robot.", "They are connected with human brains."]], "questions": ["What can we learn ahout the prosthetic arms according to the passage?"], "article": "Researches at Johns  Hopkins University's. Applied Physics laboratory  ( APL)  in Laurel , Maryland have designed a new human-like robot, Its name is Robo Sally. The machine can be controlled from a distance and can he used to do work that is dangerous for human beings.\nRoho Sally has two long arms with human-like hands. She can use her fingers to pick up  small objects .examine them in detail and do most things that human hands can do Each finger  contains a tiny motor capable of squeezing 20 pounds of pinch foree ,.enough to defuse a bomb  under the direction of an operator. She sits on a metal base with wheels that let her move around. turn in tight spaces and climb over small objects, .\nMike McLoughlin is the main investigator for the Applied Physics Laboratory's Prosthetics  Program. \"The purpose of that program is to develop prosthetic arms that have all the capability  of your natural arms .and you do all the complex motions that we can do with the natural arm- with the robot. \"\nIt was a difficult job. Mr. McLoughlin says the device had to have many small motors to.  have the ability to do what a human hand does; It  also needs to have human-like strength. The  thumb was especially difficult because it permits the hand .to hold objects. And everything had.   to fit into a space about the size of a human hand.\nThe next problem  .he says .was to figure out how to control the artificial hand. \" So we had   to figure out how to make the connection between the brain and this arm.\nFor search-and-rescue duties.Roho Sally will be operated by a human being using a wire- less machine that is far from the robot. The operator will also wear special gloves and glasses.  The glasses permit the operator to see the robot's hands .even though they are far away.\nMr. McLoughlin says this kind of robots could be used in what he calls \"dull , dirty or dan- gerous\" situations where fine human finger movements are required. He says the technology is  not ready for everyday application .but he predicts that within five years we will see some won-  derful improvements.", "id": "high5666.txt"}