{"answers": ["A", "B", "C"], "options": [["Coney Island", "Columbus", "Cleveland", "Kelleys Island"], ["It was open to the public in 1990.", "It is an attraction for music lovers.", "It offers some shopping festivals.", "It provides a golf course for visitors"], ["It lies in the city of Cincinnati.", "It has over 900 miles of shoreline.", "It is the most popular scenic spot in Cleveland.", "Tourists can play miniature golf on its banks for free."]], "questions": ["According to the passage a basketball lover is most likely to go to   _  .", "What can we learn about Rock and Roll Hall of Fame?", "Which of the following is true about Jake Erie?"], "article": "In terms of tourism .Ohio is a place full of natural beauty and many vacation spots worth Visiting .\nConey island-Fun Unlimited !\nConey Island is an amusement park situated in the city of Cincinnati. It has the world's largest recirculating pool . several diving hoards .and an \"in pool\"  slide. For basketball and vol- leyhall lovers . there are special courts available. Apart from this . the park is equipped with 22 classic family and kiddie rides .boating facilities . a golf course . etc  Other amusement parks in Ohio include Erieview Park .The Beach Waterpark . Memphis Kiddie Park .etc.\nColumbus-The Headquarters!\nAnyhow, your journey would start from Columbus . the capital city of the state ! So spend some quality time roaming around in this beautiful city. Nightclubs . high quality restaurants .and   Rock and Roll Hall of Fame-For Music Lovers !\nIf you are a die-hard music lover. then certainly this place wouldn't disappoint you ! Rock   and Roll Hall of Fame was opened somewhere around in 1995 .with an intention of celebrating  the spirit of rock and roll music .and also studying it. Rock and Roll Hall of Fame offers exhibitions .music events . and also training programs on the subject. This is a perfect stop for every-thing on rock and roll music !\nCleveland-High Class Experience !\nOne of the oldest cities. Cleveland ranks among the top 20 metros of the United States .With Lake Erie serving as the most popular tourist attraction .Cleveland is also famous for land  marks such as Cavaliers   Gund Arena , Playhouse Square and Indians' Jacobs Field. Moreover.  vibrant nightlife , clubs , restaurants ;large hotels and shopping festivals add co the touristic significance of this place.\nLake Erie-The Perfect Holiday !\nWith nearly 900 miles of shoreline .Lake Erie is one place you have to visit. You can enjooy  numerous activities like fishing. swimming. boating . etc. It is also perfect for having a family picnic outing. One can even take a ferry to Kelleys Island where things like cycling and miniature golf can be enjoyed. Besides .it is the perfect place for those who are looking for some quiet  and relaxing time.", "id": "high5667.txt"}