{"answers": ["D", "A", "C", "D"], "options": [["It is convenient for teens to communicate with others.", "It is likely to cause trouble in understanding each other.", "It is convenient for teens to text and call at the same time.", "It will cause damage to the development of teens' intelligence."], ["For Teens, Texting Instead of Talking", "For Parents, Caring Much for Their Kids", "Disadvantages of Texting", "The Effect of Communication"], ["objective", "opposed", "supportive", "doubtful"], ["It is normal for a teen to send or receive 60 text messages per day.", "Texting is a very popular way of communication among teens.", "The writer limited his son to send or receive messages at first.", "When texting, teens don't mind talking with you."]], "questions": ["What is Mark Bauerlein ' s attitude to texting?", "What would be the best title for this passage?", "The author's attitude to texting is   _   .", "According to the passage,  which of the statements is NOT true?"], "article": "I have always known my kids use digital communications equipment a lot. But my cellphone bill last month really grabbed my attention. My son had come up to nearly 2,000 incoming text messages, and had sent nearly as many. Of course, he was out of school for the summer and communicating more with friends from a distance. Nevertheless, he found time to keep a summer job and complete a college course in between all that typing with thumb.\nI was even more surprised to learn that my son is normal. \"Teenagers with cellphones each send and receive 2,272 text messages a month on average, \" Nielsen Mobile said.\nSome experts regret  that all  that  keyboard jabber  is making our  kids stupid, unable to read non-verbal cues such as facial expressions, gestures, posture and other silent signals of mood and attitude. Unlike phones, text messaging doesn't even allow transmission of tone of voice or pauses, says Mark Bauerlein, author called The Dumbest Generation: How the Digital Age Stupefies Young Americans and Jeopardizes Our Future.\nBeyond that,  though,  I'm not sure I see as much harm as critics of this trend.  I' ve posted before on how I initially tried to control my kids' texting. But over time, I have seen my son suffer no apparent ill effects, and he gains a big benefit, continuing contact with others.\nI don't think texting make kids stupid. It may make them annoying, when they try to text and talk to you at the same time. And it may make them _ when buzzing text message interrupt efforts to noodle out a math problem or finish reading for school.\nBut I don't see texting harming teens' ability to communicate. My son is as accustomed to nonverbal cues as any older members of our family. I have found him more engaged and easier to communicate with from a great distance. because he is constantly available by means of text  message and responds with faithfulness and speed.", "id": "high5671.txt"}