{"answers": ["A", "B", "D", "D"], "options": [["Unsatisfying", "Favorable", "Pleasant", "Practical"], ["Because she couldn't offer an expensive room.", "Because she wasn't given a room to teach in by the community center.", "Because she wanted to find a better one.", "Because she wanted to keep fit by walking."], ["It was just so-so.", "It was a failure.", "It was average.", "It was a success."], ["Being active", "Being creative", "Being rich", "Being poor"]], "questions": ["What did the writer think of the living style of the older people when she was 50?", "Why did the writer have to walk around and find an empty room?", "What can we infer from the writer's performance?", "What made the writer learn to look for treasures?"], "article": "Twelve years ago, when I was 50,I wondered what 60 or 70 would be like? I looked around and saw only one style of living. It's not fair, I thought. Young people have so many styles to choose from, but older people have just one choice. So I decide to do something about it , something practical.\nI worked on my fitness by joining exercise classes in town. A few years later, my husband and I moved to a retirement community, and I wanted to teach aerobic classes. The community center wouldn't give me a room to teach in, so I had to walk around and find any available empty room.\nOne day, the community center staff came to me and asked if I would help with the entertainment for a Hawaiian luau they were putting on. I said yes. Then I talked five other ladies into dancing with me. We performed the hula and a war chant and brought the house down. Someone had a camera and took pictures, and then sent them to our local paper. We got requests for more engagements, which in turn led to more publicity and yet more engagements. Soon we had invitations from all over the country. The Dancing Grannies were born!\nI think the real secret of the Dancing Grannies is out attitude. I was raised extremely poor ---no-food poor. If we wanted toys we had to make things up to play with ,so I learned early to be very creative. And you know,I think being poor was one of the best things that ever happened to me because I learned to look for treasures.\nThat's what I'm still doing today--looking for the treasure in growing old. I'm getting better and better.\nIt's true that _ have to be treated a bit differently, with a little care, but they still have a beauty of their own.", "id": "high5676.txt"}