{"answers": ["B", "A", "D"], "options": [["The importance of proper table manners .", "The development of table manners in Western countries.", "Some unwritten rules of table manners in the US and UK.", "Differences between American and British table manners."], ["The introduction of forks.", "The tax deduction policy.", "The rise of the Renaissance.", "Petrus Alfonsi's efforts in promoting table manners."], ["British and American table manners are completely different from each other.", "American people pay more attention to their table manners than British people do.", "With globalization, the American cut-and-switch method has been abandoned in the US.", "British people's way of using a knife and fork may be more efficient than American people's."]], "questions": ["What does the story mainly talk about?", "Which of the following events influenced people's table manners most according to the article?", "What can we conclude from the article?"], "article": "Whether you're eating at a fancy restaurant or dining in someone's home. Proper table manners are likely to help you make a good impression. According to a US expert, Emily Post, \"All rules of table manners are made to avoid ugliness.\"\nWhile Henry Hitchings of the Los Angeles Times admits that good manners can reduce social conflict, he points out that mostly their purpose is protective - they turn our natural warrior-like selves into more elegant ones.\nSo where did table manners come from?\nIn medieval England, a writer named Petrus Alfonsi took the lead to urge people not to speak with their mouths full. And King David I of Scotland also proposed that any of his people who learned to eat more neatly be given a tax deduction  .\nDisappointingly, that idea never _ . It was during the Renaissance, when there were real technical developments, opinions of correct behavior changed for good. \"None of these was more significant than the introduction of the table fork,\" wrote Hitchings. \"Gradually, as forks became popular, they brought the new way of eating, making it possible, for instance, to consume berries without making one's fingers dirty.\"\nForks were introduced to Britain in 1608 and 25 years later, the first table fork reached America. Yet while most of the essentials   are the same on both sides of the Atlantic, there are a few clear differences between what's normal in the US and what holds true in the UK. For example, in the US, when food needs cutting with a knife, people generally cut a bite, then lay aside the knife and switch the fork to their right hand. Then they pick up one bite at a time. By contrast, Britons keep the fork in the left hand and don't lay the knife down.\nThough globalization has developed a new, simpler international standard of table manners, some people still stick with the American cut-and-switch method.The Los Angeles Times noted, \"They are hanging on to a form of behavior that favors manners above efficiency.\"", "id": "high5681.txt"}