{"answers": ["A", "C", "D", "B", "C"], "options": [["The introduction to the Best High Schools in three states.", "The different examinations in several high schools.", "Scholarships in the Best High Schools in three states.", "The things students should do before going to college."], ["students with a high GPA can get the Inspire Scholarship", "reading and writing skills are included in the tests in all the schools", "Alabama has the most best high schools of the three states", "at least 21 credits are needed to graduate from all the schools"], ["The High School Graduation Exams are multiple-choice questions.", "Both the gold medal schools in Alabama are in its capital.", "There were 21 silver medal schools in Alaska in all.", "Delmar Senior High school is the best in Delaware."], ["it includes all the subjects the students learn", "it includes its own state history as well", "it includes math, reading and writing skills", "it includes 10 hours of community service"], ["that any student in gold medal schools can apply for", "that is given to the top students in gold medal schools", "that helps to pay for tuition at Delaware State University", "that is very difficult to get for students in silver medal schools"]], "questions": ["What's the passage mainly about?", "It can be inferred from the text that  _  .", "Which of the following in TRUE according to the passage?", "Alaska's graduation exam is different from the others' in the aspect that  _  .", "The Inspire Scholarship is a prize  _  ."], "article": "Alabama\nStudents in Alabama take the Alabama High School Graduation Exam, which consists of multiple-choice questions. In the classroom, Alabama high school students must prove specific skills in English and take certain math classes.\nAmong the 2013 U.S. News Best High Schools in Alabama, two were awarded gold medals, 16 received silver medals and 72 were considered bronze medal schools. One of the gold medal schools, Loveless Academic Magnet Program High School, lies about 90 miles south of Birmingham in the state capital of Montgomery, within the Montgomery County School District.\nAlaska\nTo graduate, Alaska high school students must get at least 21 credits, including a half credit in Alaska history. Alaska judges students from the third grade through senior grades. Students first take the Alaska High School Graduation Qualifying Examination at the tenth grade. It includes math, reading and writing skills.\n10 schools were awarded silver medals and 21 received bronze medals among the U.S. News Best High Schools in 2013. While Alaska's capital is Juneau, several of the state's Best High Schools are in or near Anchorage, in the Anchorage School District.\nDelaware\nDelaware students have a high GPA and 10 hours of community service. If they hand in their FAFSA by a certain date, they may get the Inspire Scholarship, which helps pay for tuition at Delaware State University. Before they go to college, however, students must pass the Delaware Student Testing Program Exams.\nAmong the Delaware schools in the 2013 U.S. News Best High Schools, there are three silver medal schools and four bronze medal schools. The top school in the state is Delmar Senior High School. It is part of the Delmar School District and is about 50 miles from Delaware's capital, Dover.", "id": "high5686.txt"}