{"answers": ["B", "B", "C", "D", "A"], "options": [["people must eat snacks when they feel tired", "people do need a break to restore their willpower", "there's no way to strengthen people's willpower", "weak willpower doesn't affect people's life much"], ["It is in the charge of people.", "It is a limited resource.", "There is no way to restore willpower.", "It doesn't easily run out."], ["Push themselves even if they want to take a break.", "Don't eat fast food while studying.", "Remind themselves willpower is not limited.", "Stay in a comfortable and quiet place."], ["patients following strict diets", "children liking to watch TV", "smokers trying to give up smoking", "employees facing a new but well-paid task"], ["A new theory about willpower", "How to build strong willpower", "The great influence of willpower", "Willpower doesn't last long"]], "questions": ["The theory that willpower is limited supports that   _  .", "What have the scientists long believed regarding willpower?", "Which of the following best helps the students to prepare better for their exams?", "The following groups can benefit from the findings except", "What's the best title for the passage?"], "article": "There is some unwelcome news for students preparing for exams and officers putting in long hours-----you don't need the break as much as you may think that makes you feel less tired.\nScientists have long assumed that willpower   is a limited resource, which is why you feel the need to have a rest, have a snack and come back to a task when you're feeling better. They argued that the only way to restore willpower was by rest, food or entertainment.\nBut psychologists have challenged this theory, saying weak willpower is all in your head. They found that people's beliefs in willpower determine how long and how well they'll be able to work on a tough mental exercise. \"If you think of willpower as something that's limited, you're more likely to be tired when you perform a difficult task,\" said Prof.Veronika Job. \"'But if you think of willpower as something that is not easily used up, you can go on and on.\"\nThe researchers designed four experiments to test students'-beliefs in willpower. After a tiring task, those, who believed or were led to believe that willpower is a limited resource, performed worse on standard concentration tests than those who thought of willpower as something they had more control over. They also found that leading up to final exam week, students who believed the limited resource theory ate junk food 24 percent more often than those who believed they had more control in resisting temptation  .\nMr. Job said. \"The theory that willpower is a limited resource is interesting, but it has had unintended consequences. Students who may already have trouble studying are being told that their power of concentration is limited, and they need to take frequent breaks. But a belief in willpower as a non-limited resource makes people stronger in their ability to work through challenges.'\"\nThe findings could help people who are\" battling temptation. Willpower isn't driven by a biologically based process as much as we used to think. The belief in it is what influences your behavior.", "id": "high5689.txt"}