{"answers": ["A", "C", "C"], "options": [["recognition", "recall", "memorization", "relearning"], ["The length of the list.", "The type of list items.", "The time difference of relearning.", "The time difference of brain working."], ["make the action easy", "praise it in words", "reward it with food", "weaken its motivation"]], "questions": ["The way to pick out the items on the first list from the second is known as   _   .", "What is considered as a measure of how much one has remembered?", "A good way to train an animal to do something quickly is to   _  ."], "article": "Memory is the ability to keep track of things that have happened in the past. Memory really is learning. One needs memory to ride a bicycle. A dog needs to remember if it is to come when called.\nMemory is said to be stored in the brain as a \"memory trace .\" What makes up this trace is not known. Some scientists believe that certain chemical substances may carry certain memories. For example, one substance, when given to rats, causes them to fear the dark.\nOther research into memory has to do with how the brain works. Psychologists use three means to find out how a person remembers. For example, give a person a grocery list. Let the person memorize the list, then put it away. The most natural way to find out how much a person remembers of the grocery list is to ask what he or she remembers. This is called the method of recall. Another method is called recognition. Give the person another grocery list. Ask him or her to choose items on the first list from the items that are on only the second list. Often a person will be able to recognize things that he or she cannot recall. A third method of finding how much a person remembers is called relearning. Here the person is asked to read over the first list. The person will probably learn the list the second time faster than he did the first time. The difference in the time it takes to relearn the list is thought of as a measure of how much a person has remembered.\nOne way of remembering something is to repeat it many times. Interest is very important. Boring lists of facts are much more difficult to remember than something that we understand and are interested in. Motivation, or wanting to do something, is also important. Motivation is linked with reward. For example, a hungry animal quickly learns how to do something if that action gets the animal food. In humans, wanting to learn is often motivation. The praise of a teacher or the knowledge that an answer is correct is rewarding.", "id": "high569.txt"}