{"answers": ["A", "D", "B", "C"], "options": [["They don't know their personal data enriches Facebook", "They are unwilling to give up their personal information", "They don't identify themselves when using website", "They care very little about their personal information"], ["To help its users make more friends", "To obey the Federal guidelines", "To make money by attracting more users", "To offer better service to its users"], ["Setting guidelines for advertising on websites", "Setting rules for social-networking sites", "Stopping sharing user's personal information", "Removing ads from all social-networking sites"], ["He is dissatisfied with its service.", "He finds many of its users untrustworthy.", "He doesn't want his personal data badly used.", "He is upset by its frequent rule changes."]], "questions": ["What does the author say about most Facebook users?", "Why does Facebook make changes to its rules according to Elliot Schrage?", "What does Senator Charles Schumer argue for?", "Why does the author plan to stop using his Facebook account?"], "article": "People are being lured  onto Facebook with the promise of a fun, free service, and don't realize that they're paying for it by giving up loads of personal information. Facebook then attempts to make money by selling their data  to advertisers that want to send targeted  messages.\nMost Facebook users don't realize this is happening. Even if they know what the company is up to, they still have no idea what they're paying for Facebook, because people don't really know what their personal details are worth.\nThe biggest problem, however, is that the company keeps changing the rules. Early on, you could keep everything private. That was the great thing about Facebook--you could create your own little private network. Last year, the company changed its privacy rules so that many things--your city, your photo, your friends' names--were set, by default , to be shared with everyone on the Internet.\nAccording to Facebook's vice president Elliot Schrage, the company is simply making changes to improve its service, and if people don't share information, they have a \"less satisfying experience.\"\nSome critics think this is more about Facebook looking to make more money. Its original business model, which involved selling ads and putting them at the side of the page, totally failed. Who wants to look at ads when they're online connecting with their friends?\nThe privacy issue has already landed Facebook in hot water in Washington. In April, Senator Charles Schumer called on Facebook to change its privacy policy. He also urged the Commission to set guidelines for social-networking sites. \"I think the senators rightly communicated that we had not been clear about what the new products were and how people could choose to use them or not to use them,\" Schrage admits.\nI suspect that whatever Facebook has done so far to invade our privacy, it's only the beginning,which is why I'm considering deactivating  my account . Facebook is a handy site, but I'm upset by the idea that my information is in the hands of people I don't trust. That is too high a price to pay.", "id": "high5700.txt"}