{"answers": ["B", "C", "A", "B"], "options": [["his grandfather's encouraging words", "his grandfather's fighting against cancer", "his grandfather's wish before dying", "his grandfather's pitiful fate"], ["all felt relieved that he would never suffer any more", "his family and friends honored him more than ever", "the author was at a loss what to do for a time", "the author didn't cry following his wish"], ["The profits they make are all donated to the ACS.", "They struggle to develop their business without any help.", "They have helped find a cure for those with cancer.", "All their relatives joined in their activity."], ["To show us how he runs his business to help others.", "To tell us his way to deal with sadness.", "To tell us the importance of self-control in the face of sadness.", "To tell us to learn from his grandfather."]], "questions": ["When the author feels down in life,   _   will give him strength to overcome difficulties.", "When the grandfather died,   _  .", "Which of the following statements is true according to the text?", "What's the author's purpose of writing the text?"], "article": "I had a perfect life. No one died; no one was sick; we were all happy and loving life.\nThen I discovered my grandfather had cancer. No matter how much I told myself he could live, and that he might not die, somehow I still felt as if it was a death sentence. He was so young, only 63.\nHe fought so hard. Whenever I feel my own life taking a turn for the worse, as if things will never get better, I remember how many years he lived fighting such a scary and difficult disease.\nHe died with a huge party going on around him, with all his friends and family. They ate and I honestly didn't know how to cope. I never cried alone. I had the compassion   of my friends and the support of my family and teachers. I just remembered my grandfather's wish that we should celebrate his life.\nThat's how we came up with the idea for Hives for Lives----a business my sister and I started where all the profits go to the American Cancer Society (ACS). We sell honey, honeycomb, beeswax candles and lip balm, which all come from our beehives in Virginia. It started out small, 2 years ago, with just an idea. During our first year we donated more than $2,000 to the ACS. The next year a man who belonged to my grandparents' bee club willed his honey to us, and our little business grew.\nWe sold at craft fairs, wine festivals, schools, and to anyone else who would buy! We had my uncle sell in California and my grandmother sell in Chicago. We have sold honey in 13 states---even in Puerto Rico.\nThis year we donated more than $10,000 to the ACS and we're hoping to do more next year. Hopefully our business will help find a cure or just improve the life of someone with cancer.\nI feel like Hives for Lives is a way to honor my grandfather. Honor his love, his life and his strength.\nWith Hives for Lives reminding me of my grandfather every day, I feel as if I can move on in life, that he will always be alive in my heart and memories. It made me capable of coping with his death, because I felt like I had truly honored his wish of celebrating his life.\nI have made his spirit everlasting through the business and I honor him every day. He always taught me to make the best of things. Well, grandpa, that's what I'm doing, for you.\nI hope he is smiling from heaven.", "id": "high5703.txt"}