{"answers": ["D", "A", "B"], "options": [["stop unpleasant experiences happening to children", "let children know about the nature of fear", "create an environment where there is nothing to fear", "develop children's ability to treat their fear on their own"], ["some childhood fears may have a lasting influence", "children should avoid the media to reduce their fear", "fears can be judged according to the environment", "children with similar fears can communicate easily"], ["How to Overcome Children's Fears", "Children's Fears", "The kind of Children's Fears", "The Bad Effects of Fears"]], "questions": ["In dealing with children's fears, the final goal of the parents is to   _  .", "From the passage we can learn that   _   .", "What's the best title for this passage?"], "article": "Fear is an emotion like others such as happiness, anger, hurt, sadness. We need emotions to process information we receive and decide how to respond. Being afraid of fast cars, for example, is something that might protect us from harm. Being afraid of the consequence of a choice may prevent us getting into trouble.\nFears in young children commonly center on certain animals like snakes or big dogs. Fears are caused often because of experiences or ideas expressed by others, and at times, the media. Many normal fears during the early years, like men with beards, or large dogs, disappear with age. Those relating to personal failure and ridicule   remain through adulthood and may need special help to overcome.\nChildren's fears are often _ , but that doesn't mean they should be ignored. They need to be recognized and accepted as real for that child. Only when we help children understand their fears can they grow normally in their ability to deal with them.\nResearch shows that as a child grows up, the center of his fears changes a lot. Things like divorce, a teacher who \"shouted at me\", people with guns, bullies, big boys, or \"making fun of me\" top the list of childhood fears.\nWe can not always prevent these experiences from happening, but it's essential that children be allowed to freely express their emotions without judgment. Sympathy and a caring listener will help ease the pain of these fears. Read books and stories to your child about children who have experienced similar fears. This helps children talk about their fears and find ways to cope. With all emotions, fears become less of a problem for children as they gain self-confidence and they find that fear is normal and can be dealt with.", "id": "high5704.txt"}