{"answers": ["C", "C", "D", "A", "B"], "options": [["Insects migrate with the seasons.", "Wind helps insects greatly in migrating.", "Windsurfing insects have real direction.", "Scientists have trouble in observing insects."], ["insects always waited for their favorable winds", "insects chose the winds they wanted to ride", "insects were just blown about by the wind", "insects positioned themselves in the winds"], ["the little creatures can fly very fast", "they have no regular migrating courses", "the wind's direction is hard to foresee", "their flight is long and high above ground"], ["insects fly in the way birds do", "insects travel more easily in autumn", "insects never position themselves when flying low", "insects rest a lot when the wind pushes them along"], ["increase insects in number", "instruct farmers when to spray", "prevent climate warming", "help protect insects"]], "questions": ["What's the main idea of the text?", "Scientists originally thought that   _  .", "It is not easy to study the migrating behavior of the insects because   _  .", "We can learn from the text that   _  .", "According to the passage, the findings can  _  ."], "article": "As they migrate  , butterflies and moths choose the winds they want to fly with, and they change their body positions if they start floating in the wrong direction. This new finding suggests that insects may employ some of the same methods that birds use for traveling long distances. Scientists have long thought that insects were simply at the mercy of the wind.\nFascinating as their skills of flight are, migrating behavior has been difficult to study in   insects because many long distant trips happen thousands of feet above ground. Only recently have scientists developed technologies that can detect   such little creatures at such great heights.\nTo their surprise, though, the insects weren't passive travelers on the winds. In autumn, for example, most light winds blew from the east, but the insects somehow sought out ones that carried them south and they positioned themselves to navigate directly to their wintering homes.\nEven in the spring, when most winds flowed northward, the insects didn't always go with the flow. If breezes weren't blowing in the exact direction they wanted to go, the insects changed their body positions to compensate  . Many migrating birds do the same thing.\nThe study also found, butterflies and moths actively flew within the air streams that pushed them along. By adding flight speeds to wind speeds, the scientists calculated that butterflies and moths can travel as fast as 100 kilometers an hour. The findings may have real-world applications. With climate warming, migrating insects are growing in number. Knowing how and when these pests move could help when farmers decide when to spray their crops.", "id": "high5705.txt"}