{"answers": ["A", "B", "D"], "options": [["He appreciates it.", "He gives no personal opinion.", "He thinks it is unnecessary.", "He thinks it goes too far."], ["A customer never says thank you to a retail assistant.", "They may say thank you only once.", "It's always a retail assistant who says thank you.", "They always say thank you to each other."], ["giving reasons", "telling stories", "giving comments", "making comparisons"]], "questions": ["What is the author's attitude towards English politeness?", "What can we learn about customers and retail assistants in Germany?", "The author develops the text through the method of   _  ."], "article": "It's really true what people say about English politeness: it's everywhere. When squeezing past someone in a narrow aisle, people say \"sorry\". When getting off a bus, English passengers say \"thank you\" rather than the driver. In Germany, people would never dream of doing these things. After all, squeezing past others is sometimes unavoidable, and the bus driver is only doing his job. I used to think the same way, without questioning it, until I started traveling to the British Isles and came to appreciate some more polite ways of interacting   with people.\nPeople thank each other everywhere in England, all the time. When people buy something in a shop, customers and retail assistants in most cases thank each other twice or more. In Germany, it would be exceptional to hear more than one \"thank you\" in such a conversation. British students thank their lecturers when leaving the room. English employers thank their employees for doing their jobs, as opposite to Germans, who would normally think that paying their workers money is already enough.\nAnother thing I observed during my stay was that English people rarely criticize others. Even when I was working and mistakes were pointed out to me, my employers emphasized   several times that none of their words were intended as criticism. It has been my impression that by avoiding criticism, English people are making an effort to make others feel comfortable. This is also shown in other ways. British men still open doors for women, and British men are more likely to treat women to a meal than German men. However, I do need to point out here that this applies to English men a bit more than it would to Scottish men! Yes, the latter   are a bit tightfisted.", "id": "high5710.txt"}