{"answers": ["A", "C", "A", "D", "C"], "options": [["want to get a job", "want to travel abroad", "prefer working abroad", "no longer love their country"], ["is blind to the problem of emigration", "encourages young Italians to go abroad", "has taken some measures to change the situation", "promise to offer more jobs to young Italians soon"], ["do more for its youth", "try to improve its economy", "stop its youth from going abroad", "solve the problem as soon as possible"], ["Most of its laborers are old.", "There aren't any truly talented youngsters.", "The government officials' attitude is old-fashioned.", "People with power are doing illegal and dishonest things."], ["Italian emigration history", "More care for old Italians", "Young Italians are leaving Italy", "The influence of economic difficulty"]], "questions": ["Some people are leaving Italy mainly because they   _   .", "The Italian government   _   .", "Many economic experts think that the Italian government should   _   .", "What problem is Italy facing?", "Which of the following might be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "More and more Italians are leaving their country because they can not get a job. One in every three Italians say they are willing to go abroad, sometimes even to other continents to get work. Currently, about 300,000 young Italians may be living abroad.\nAlthough emigration has always been a choice for Italians, especially for those who left the country at the beginning of the twentieth century, more young Italians think leaving their home country is the only way to escape economic difficulty. These young Italians, however, are not poor farmers or laborers but bright university graduates and other talented young people.\nMany of them want to go to richer places, like northern Europe, but they are also prepared to go elsewhere. Most of them describe a feeling of unhappiness and frustration. They are not sure which direction their country is heading and feel no longer proud of being Italians.\nMany leave because they think that getting a good job is possible in other countries where all doors are open to you if you are young and dynamic. However, in Italy everything is boring and old-fashioned. Italy's economic system is largely based on family structures and the elderly who don't want to give up power. Corruption  is also a big problem that simply won't go away.\nThe Italian government is aware of the problem and says it must create new opportunities for its younger generation. But even if it starts working on a new style economy right away it may take years before things in Italy really change. The government has already passed laws which will make it easier for doctors, lawyers and other academics to start a career in Italy.\nMany economic experts claim that Italy is doing a lot for its older generation but very little for its youth. For example, it spends little on housing, childcare but a lot on pensions.", "id": "high5719.txt"}