{"answers": ["B", "C", "C"], "options": [["Robert Frost had been a famous writer before he started teaching", "Robert Frost wrote his poems mostly in the first person", "Robert Frost was very famous at the beginning of his writing career", "Robert Frost began to write poems when he was a teacher"], ["his teaching career", "his life experiences", "showing strong feeling in his poems", "his interest in poems"], ["Robert Frost's most famous poem is My Butterfly", "Robert Frost began to write when he was in college", "Robert Frost gave up studying at Dartmouth University", "his poetry showed the violence of war and his childhood"]], "questions": ["We can learn from the passage that   _  .", "According to the passage, Robert Frost was famous for   _  .", "From the passage we know that   _  ."], "article": "Robert Frost was at heart a mean-spirited human being, not the kind of man one would expect to write poetry. He was born in San Francisco. Frost entered Dartmouth University in 1893, but dropped out, and switched to Harvard, which he attended for two years. He started a brief teaching career, where he was inspired to become a poet by some of his students' work. Frost stopped teaching and became a farmer. During this time he wrote numerous poems, and a couple of short stories. While he was a farmer he started to think seriously about becoming a famous poet.\nIn almost all of his poems, Frost wrote in the first person. The first widely-read poem that he published was called My Butterfly. At first his audience was very small, but with his Collected Poems he became famous. Robert Frost received almost all the awards that there were for poetry. His poetry describes the forces of nature, and the violence and deep emotional  needs of human beings, which reflect the experiences of his childhood.\nRobert Frost will always be known as one of the best poets in history. His way of putting emotion and violence into words is remarkable . His talent for poetry is natural-born and he had discovered this when he started to farm. Even though he treated his wife and children terribly, he still became one of the best-known poets of his and our day.", "id": "high5742.txt"}