{"answers": ["C", "C", "B", "D", "A"], "options": [["Most of its winners have received Nobel prizes.", "The project includes researches in every area of science.", "Only a small part of the students can attend the final judging.", "Most of the winners come from Asian countries."], ["water quality in Utah will be better than that in the other states", "the river was polluted only by those living near it", "Shannon Babb suggested more than one way to improve the water quality", "household chemicals should be kept in the drains forever"], ["The scholarship she received was half as many as Shannon Babb.", "Her discovery is of great help to Chinese medicine.", "Her research will contribute to the cure of heart disease.", "She and the second-place winner Yi Sun have something in common."], ["Three winners' contributions to science and math.", "Three Chinese students won the Science Talent Search.", "Great rewards were given to winners in the competition.", "Winners of the Intel Science Talent Search in the US."], ["In a newspaper.", "In a handbook.", "In a textbook.", "In a medical magazine."]], "questions": ["What do we know about the talent search project?", "According to the text,  _  .", "Which of the following about the girl from Maryland is NOT true?", "What is the text mainly about?", "Where are you most likely to find this text?"], "article": "An eighteen-year-old high school student from Utah won the top prize in the Intel Science Talent Search in the United States. The winner received a computer and a scholarship for a college education.\nMore than 1,500students from across the country entered projects in the competition this year. Their research included chemistry, medicine, physics, mathematics, engineering, and computer science-almost every area of science.\nForty students were invited to Washington, D.C. for the final judging. A group of scientists judged them on their research abilities, critical thinking skills and creativity. The judges also questioned the students about scientific problems before deciding on the winners.\nThe top winner received 100,000 dollars for college. Shannon Babb of American Fork High School studied the water quality of tile Spanish Fork River in Utah for six years. She found that people have a harmful effect on the river through human activity, including agriculture. And she suggested ways to improve the water quality in the future. These include educating the public not to put household chemicals down the drains , which lead to the river eventually.\nSeventeen-year-old Yi Sun of the Hanker School in San Jose, California, earned the second place. He won a 75,000-dollar scholarship for new discoveries about a mathematical theory known as random walks. His work could help computer scientists and chemists. Yi Sun was born in China.\nThe third-place winner was also seventeen and born in China. Yuan \"Chelsea\" Zhang of Montgomery Blair High School in Rockville, Maryland, won a 50,000-dollar scholarship. She researched the molecular genetics of heart disease. Her findings could aid the development of new medicines.\nThe Intel Science Talent Search is the oldest science competition for high school students in the United States. It is 65 years old this year. Past winners have gone on to receive six Nobel prizes and other top honors in science and math.", "id": "high5750.txt"}