{"answers": ["C", "A", "C"], "options": [["Having less information to form a good idea.", "Relying on others during the creative process.", "Caring about other people's opinions about us.", "Thinking about too many ideas at the same time."], ["When thought is turned into action.", "When people understand our ideas.", "When the popular stage is reached.", "When we think \"This is it!\"."], ["The creative spirit means an occasional great thought.", "Others' voice of judgment allows us to ignore barriers.", "Creative problem-solving calls for barrier-free imagination.", "Daydreaming is sure to bring a sudden answer to a problem."]], "questions": ["According to the article, what keeps us from creativity?", "When does creativity become useful to us and others?", "Which of the following would the author probably support?"], "article": "Have you ever made contact with the creative spirit, that certain something hard to describe, but full of good--and sometimes great--ideas? It is more than an occasional great thought. When we feel the moving of the creative spirit, it brings to life a style of being: a lifetime filled with the desire to invent, to explore new ways of doing things, and to turn dreams into reality.\nThat flash of inspiration is the final moment of a process marked by unique stages--the basic steps in creative problem-solving. The first stage is preparation, when you look for any information that might be important. It's when you let your imagination run free.\nBut one barrier  is the inside voice of judgment that locks up our creative spirit within the limits of what we think acceptable. It's the voice that whispers to you, \"They'll think I'm foolish,\" or \"That will never work.\" But we can learn to recognize this voice of judgment and have the courage to discount its unhelpful advice.\nOnce you have thought about all the relevant  pieces and pushed your mind to the limits, you can let the problem remain and take in all you have gathered. It's a stage when much of what goes on occurs outside your focused awareness. As the saying goes, \"You sleep on it.\"\nWe are more open to creative thoughts from the unknowing mind when we are not really thinking of anything. That is why daydreams are so useful in the search for creativity. Anytime you can just daydream and relax is useful in the creative process: a shower, long drives, a quiet walk, etc.\nWith luck, daydreaming will lead to a light turning on above your head, when all of a sudden the answer will come to you as if from nowhere. This is the popular stage--the one that usually gets all the glory and attention, the moment that people sweat and long for, the feeling \"This is it!\" But the thought alone is still not a creative act. The final stage is translation, when you take your creative thought and transform it into action; it becomes useful to you and others.", "id": "high5752.txt"}