{"answers": ["A", "C", "B", "A", "B"], "options": [["one of her books", "she was a very heartedly person", "she was a kind wife", "she worked for the war"], ["About sixty years old.", "Over fifty years old.", "In her forties.", "Around twenty years old."], ["Before the civil war she had been a slave.", "Before the civil war she had lived in the north of America.", "She had a good school education.", "She was better at writing than swinging a sword."], ["she disclosed the terrible wrongs done to the slaves in the Southern States", "she wrote so well that the Americans loved her very much", "the Americans were too excited when they reads the book", "the Southern Americans hated the book, while the Northern Americans liked it"], ["No wor can be won without such a book as Uncle Tom's Cabin.", "We must understand the importance of literature and art.", "We needn't use weapons to fight things that are wrong.", "A writer is more helpful in war than a soldier."]], "questions": ["Mrs. Harriet Beecher Stowe became famous for  _  .", "How old was Mrs. Harriet Beecher Stowe when her world famous book was published?", "What do we learn about Mrs. Harriet Beecher Stowe from the passage?", "Why could Mrs. Harriet Beecher Stowe's book cause a civil war in America? Because  _  .", "What can we learn from the passage?"], "article": "The pen is more powerful than the sword. There have been many writers who use their pens to write things that were wrong.  Mrs. Harriet Beecher Stowe was one of them.\nShe was born in the U. S. A. in 1811. One of her books not only made her famous but has been described as one that excited the world, and was helpful in causing a civil war and freeing the enslaved race. The civil war was the American Civil War of 1861, in which the Northern States fought the Southern States and finally won.\nThis book that shook the world was called Uncle Tom's Cabin. There was a time when every English-speaking man, woman, and child had read this novel that did so much to stop slavery. Not many people read it today, but it is still very interesting, if only to show how a warm-hearted writer can arouse people's sympathies. The author herself had neither been to the Southern States nor seen a slave. The Southern Americans were very angry at the book, which they said did not at all represent the true state of affairs, but the Northern Americans were widely excited over it, and were so inspired by it that they were ready to go to war to set the slaves free.", "id": "high5758.txt"}