{"answers": ["A", "C", "C", "A"], "options": [["High school record", "Interests and activities", "Performances in SAT and ACT", "Skills in mathematics and language"], ["21.5 dollars", "63 dollars", "85 dollars", "43.5 dollars"], ["It usually takes about three hours to complete the SAT.", "There are only two ways for students to enter a college or a university.", "The ACT measures mathematics, English, reading and science.", "The two tests are specially designed for students outside America."], ["College Entrance Exams in America", "The Way to America Colleges", "The Cost of American Colleges", "Important Things in College Entrance"]], "questions": ["What's most important in students' admission to American colleges and universities?", "If a student from Pakistan wants to take the SAT, how much should he pay at least?", "Which of the statement is true according to the text?", "What might be the best title of this passage?"], "article": "American colleges and universities consider a number of things about a student who wants to be admitted. Experts say the most important thing is the students' high school record. Besides, student's interests and activities may also play a part in getting accepted. But in most cases another consideration is how well the student did on college entrance exams. Here we'd like to discuss two of these tests: the SAT and the ACT. Most American schools accept either one.\nThe SAT measures reasoning skills in mathematics and language. Students have almost four hours to complete the SAT. The newest part is an essay. Students have twenty-five minutes to write an answer to a question.\nThe SAT costs 41.5$. Besides, the international processing charge is 22$ more. And test-takers in India and Pakistan must also pay a 21.5 $ security charge.\nStudents may also need to take SAT subject tests in areas like history, science and foreign language. Subject tests cost eighteen dollars each.\nThe ACT is an achievement test. It is designed to measure what a student has learned in school. Students are tested in mathematics, English, reading and science. A writing test is offered but not required. Without it, the ACT takes about three hours to complete. The essay part adds thirty minutes.\nThe ACT costs forty-nine dollars to take outside the United States. The writing test costs an additional fourteen dollars.", "id": "high5776.txt"}