{"answers": ["D", "C"], "options": [["Because they want to be liked by everybody.", "Because they don't want to make fun of others.", "Because they are curious about their new friends.", "Because they think all the children will do the same."], ["Parents", "Teachers", "Friends", "Classmates"]], "questions": ["Why can't some children follow their common sense?", "When in pre-adolescence, who may children ask for suggestions?"], "article": "During adolescence , peers  play a large part in a young person's life and typically replace family as the center of a teen's social activities. Some kids give in to peer pressure because they want to be liked or because they worry that other kids may make fun of them if they don't go along with the group. Others may go along because they are curious to try something new that others are doing. The idea that \"everyone's doing it\" may influence some kids to leave their better judgment, or their common sense, behind.\nAs children grow, develop, and move into early adolescence, contacts with one's peers and the attraction of peer identification  increases. As pre-adolescents begin rapid physical, emotional and social changes, they begin to question adult standards and the need for parental guidance. They find it good to turn for advice to friends who understand-- friends who are in the same position themselves. By trying new things and testing their ideas with their peers, there is less fear of being laughed at.\nThere are two levels of peer pressure. The first is in the large group: for most teens a school or a youth group are examples. This is the situation that gets the most attention. The second is in the close relationship with one or several best friends. This is the situation that is sometimes _ . The large group puts a general pressure on its members. It sets the standard for clothing, music, entertainment, and \"political correctness\". The pressure can be avoided by keeping quiet or by putting on the appearance of agreement.", "id": "high5778.txt"}