{"answers": ["B", "C", "A"], "options": [["she was not old enough to be one", "she was not emotionally ready to be one", "she thought her daughter was too young to be a mother", "grandmother should be older than she was"], ["One who has a jar filled with many kinds of cookies for children and herself.", "One who grows up with her grandmother^ cookie jar with all kinds of cookies.", "One who is like her own grandmother with a cookie jar to treat her grandchildren.", "One who always makes different kinds of cookies to treat her grandchildren."], ["Grandmother's Cookie Jar", "Grandmother's Treat for Children", "Grandmothers and Grandchildren", "Happy Memories of Cookies"]], "questions": ["The writer thought it was a little discouraging to be a grandmother because  _  .", "What kind of grandmother did the writer want to be?", "Which of the following can be the best title of this text?"], "article": "I found the imagination of becoming a grandmother somewhat discouraging. I was younger than I thought a grandmother should be when I got the news that I was going to become one myself. I admit, it was not a role that I was emotionally ready to accept. I had been a young mother, and had certainly hoped my daughter would not face _ . I remarried when she was a teenager, and then had two more children. On getting the news that she was expecting , I remember thinking \"What do I know about being a grandmother? --I haven't even finished raising my own kids yet!\" I don't like to be unprepared, so I read a few books about grandparenting. That gave me a little help, but I was still uncertain. I thought about other grandmothers I knew, and got a few ideas I liked and a few more that I didn't. But I couldn't quite figure out what kind of grandmother I wanted to be. Then I thought about my own grandmother, Granny, as she's known by most people, and I knew I had the answer.\nI didn't realize it until that moment, but my own grandmother was the example for the kind of grandmother I wanted to be. I am fortunate that I got to spend a lot of time with my grandparents when I was a little kid. Here is what I learned from my Granny:\nGrandmothers always have a cookie jar. For my whole life, Granny always had a cookie jar full of cookies. When I was a little tiny girl, just at eye level with the counter, Granny would get the cookie jar down for me. When I was a little older I learned how to pull the chair over so I could reach. As I got taller, if I really stretched, I could reach the cookie jar with my finger tips and move it close enough to get it down off the counter to find out what kind of treat was inside. Always the first thing I did when I went to Granny's house was check the cookie jar, and there were always cookies in it. Many years later, I'll drive my own children to Granny's house and the first thing to do is get us all a cookie.\nSo grandmothers must have a cookie jar, and on my granddaughter' s first Christmas,my daughter bought me my own cookie jar. She said when they came to see me,her daughter would find the treat the way she did and I did.", "id": "high578.txt"}