{"answers": ["D", "B", "C", "D"], "options": [["It has no tail at all.", "It has a long beak.", "Its feathers are thick and brown.", "There are nostrils at the end of its beak."], ["the climate is mild", "they have no enemy", "something is wrong with their genes", "they have adapted to living on the island"], ["Its long beak.", "Its eyes.", "The nostrils.", "Its tail"], ["the large size of their eggs", "the food they feed on", "their appearance", "their unique cry"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is NOT the distinctive feature of the kiwi bird?", "Kiwi birds haven't evolved much over the past 8 million years probably because   _  .", "What plays a key role in looking for food?", "Kiwi birds got their name from   _  ."], "article": "The kiwi bird\nThe kiwi bird is a flightless bird,about the size of a chicken. It sleeps during the day and is active at nighttime. It has a long beak that is onethird the length of its body, and its beak actually has nostrils   at the end. The kiwi is the only bird with this feature. Another unique feature of the kiwi is  that it has no tail. It has thick brown hairlike feathers. This bird  has many physical features unlike any other bird on earth.\nKiwi birds have been called a genetic leftover. Their characteristics seem very odd to us probably due to the fact that they haven't evolved much at all. They are suspected to be about 8 million years old. That's 7 million years older than humans. Due to New Zealand's isolated environment, it has been safe from predators  and hasn't needed to do much adapting. They just hang around.\nWith its long beak, the kiwi digs up and chows down on  worms. A kiwi is almost blind; it can see about six feet at night and around two feet during the day,so when it comes to hunting the kiwi is not well equipped.It uses the nostrils on its  beak to find its food and then picks up the worms with its beak.\nThe kiwi bird is native of New Zealand.It is the island country's national bird, and is rare anywhere but here and a few Pacific island neighbors. Of course,it is available for viewing at certain zoos.It has stayed in its native land due to the facts that it is an isolated island and that kiwis can't fly.\nKiwi birds are extremely unique in the bird world. Though they are the size of chickens, they lay eggs the size of ostrich eggs, weighing around a pound each.Their enormous eggs are the largest in the bird world, compared to their bodies. These birds were named after their distinctive shrill cry \"keewee keewee\".", "id": "high5785.txt"}