{"answers": ["D", "C", "B"], "options": [["actually lose the ability to listen", "seldom chat constantly with each other", "feel frightened when they are alone and silent", "tend to talk more and listen less"], ["suffer hot weather and lack of water", "be certainly helped when in trouble", "often hear the stories told by strangers", "have no choice but to listen during a talk"], ["the experience of the author", "the art of listening in Africa", "the importance of storytelling", "the life styles of Africans"]], "questions": ["From the very beginning of the passage, we can know Europeans   _  .", "It can be inferred from the passage that if you are in Africa, you will   _  .", "The passage mainly talks about   _  ."], "article": "In Africa, listening is a guiding principle .It's a principle that' been lost in the constant chat of the Western world .From my own past experience , I noticed how much faster I had to answer a question during a TV interview .It is as if we have completely lost the ability to listen .We talk and talk , and we end up frightened by silence .\nEverywhere, people on the African continent write and tell stories. Even the nomads who still live in the Kalahari Desert are said to tell one another stories on their daylong wanderings, during which they search for roots and animals to hunt.\nA number of years ago I sat down on a stone bench outside the Teatro Avenida in Maputo, Mozambique, where I worked as an artistic consultant. It was a hot day, and we were taking a break, hoping that a cool gentle wind would move past. Two old African men were sitting on that bench, but there was room for me, too. In Africa people share more than just water. Even when it comes to shade, people are generous.\nI heard the two men talking about a third old man who had recently died. One of them said, \"I was visiting him at his home. He started to tell me an amazing story about something that had happened to him when he was young. But it was a long story. Night came, and I decided that I should come back the next day to hear the rest. But when I arrived, he was dead.\"\nThe man fell silent. I decided not to leave that bench until I heard how the other man would respond to what he'd heard. Finally he, too, spoke. \"That's not a good way to die--before you've told the end of your story.\"\nWhat separates us from animals is the fact that we are storytelling creatures and we can listen to other people's dreams, fears, joys, sorrows, desires and defeats--and they in turn can listen to ours.\nMany people make the mistake of confusing information with knowledge. They are not the same thing. Knowledge involves the interpretation of information. Knowledge involves listening.\nMany words will be written on the wind and the sand, or end up in store. But the storytelling will go on until the last human being stops listening. Then we can send the great record of human out into the endless universe.\nWho knows? Maybe someone is out there, willing to listen...", "id": "high5855.txt"}