{"answers": ["A", "D", "D", "C"], "options": [["The community clinics.", "Large hospital .", "Private clinic .", "Small hospital ."], ["The medical team which is made up of a doctor, a nurse and a medical health worker will set up a medical filing record for every resident.", "The home medical service workers not only give some healthy suggestions to the patients, but also learn practical knowledge about first aid.", "Some funds will be provided by Beijing Municipal Health Bureau for home medical service training.", "The government aims to offer the home medical service for free."], ["receive the training about medical service.", "pass related examinations.", "obtain the work certificates.", "All the above."], ["All communities in Beijing have started home medical service.", "People in Beijing will not easily get ill.", "Medical service in Beijing will be promoted greatly in the future.", "The other cities in China should learn from Beijing."]], "questions": ["Where does a person go to see first if he gets sick according to the passage ?", "Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?", "If you want to work as a home medical worker, you need to   _  .", "What can we learn from the passage?"], "article": "Beijing, April 2----Starting from this year, the Beijing Municipal Health Bureau will begin to promote a home medical service. With this service a medical team which is made up of a doctor, a nurse and a medical health worker will be sent to some communities in the city. They will set up a medical filing recorder for every resident in community and publicize their contact information to them. If people in the community feel sick, they can consult their community doctor first. If community doctors cannot treat their illness, they will then be transferred to large hospitals. Liang Wan, deputy director of the Beijing Municipal Health Bureau, made the statement last Friday .\nIn addition ,the Beijing Municipal Health Bureau will set up some funds to train home medical service workers for families whose members suffer either from high blood pressure, diabetes,cerebral apoplexy , or coronary heart disease . The home medical service workers will remind patients to take pills on time and lead the patients to follow some health tips in their daily life. They will also learn some practical knowledge to save patients in case of an emergency .\nThe work will first begin in the medical service room in the 25 community centers and spread to all communities in Beijing. The disease prevention and control centers at various counties and districts in Beijing will be responsible for teaching community doctors and giving home medical service lectures, or advice . These workers will not be able to work until they pass related examination and obtain the work certificates. It is expected that by the end of this year, there will be 10000 home medical service workers in Beijing .", "id": "high5858.txt"}