{"answers": ["D", "C", "C"], "options": [["Their ideas were not considered worthy enough.", "They were too concerned with acquiring fame.", "The organization had already broken up.", "The island was not a real place."], ["The island of inventions did not exist.", "He had wasted most of his life.", "He had unknowingly built his own dreamland.", "He finally would receive his invitation."], ["Aggressive.", "Trusting.", "Creative.", "Easy-going."]], "questions": ["Why did Luca and his colleagues probably never receive an invitation to the island?", "What did Luca learn at the end of the story?", "Which of the following best describes Luca?"], "article": "When Luca first heard of the Island of Inventions, he was still very young. But its wonders sounded so incredible that they were forever burned in his memory. From that moment, he never stopped searching for clues which might lead him to the island. He read hundreds of adventure books, histories, volumes of physics and chemistry, even music.\nOver time, he pieced together his idea of what the Island of Inventions was like. It was a secret place, where all the great wise men of the world would meet to learn and invent together. Access to the island was totally restricted. To join, you had to have created some great invention for humanity. Only then could you receive the special invitation -- which came with directions to the island.\nSo Luca spent his youth studying and inventing. Every new idea he got, he made it into an invention, and if there were something he didn't understand, he'd seek others to help him. Soon he met other young inventors and he told them about the Island of Inventions. They too dreamed of one day receiving an invitation letter.\nAs years passed, the disappointment of not receiving their invitation made Luca and his friends work harder and co-operate more. They would meet in Luca's house, share their ideas and build new machines. Their inventions became known throughout the world, and improved the lives of millions.\nBut still, no invitation came.\nThey didn't lose heart. They continued learning and inventing every day, trying to come up with more and better ideas. Fresh young talent joined their group, as more inventors dreamed of getting to the island.\nOne day many years later, Luca, already very old, was speaking with a brilliant young man named Roberts, who had written to him, asking him to join the group. Luca started telling the man of the wonderful Island of Inventions, and of how he was sure that some day they would receive an invitation. Surprised, the young inventor interrupted: \"You mean this place isn't the Island of Inventions? Isn't the letter you sent me the real invitation?\"\nIt was only then that Luca realised that his dream had become true in his very own house. No island could exist which would be better than where he was now. No place of invention would be better than what he and his friends had created. Luca felt happy to know that he had always been on the island, and that his life of invention and study had been a truly happy one.", "id": "high5859.txt"}