{"answers": ["A", "C"], "options": [["lifestyles", "transportation", "physical condition", "school educational ."], ["Poor nutrition is often related to children obesity.", "To lower infectious disease rates is more complex than to lower obesity rates.", "Eating less sugar and more vegetables helps lower obesity rates.", "Increasing physical activity is most effective to lower obesity rates."]], "questions": ["According to Branca , people are becoming overweight because of their changes in   _", "According to WHO, which of the following is true?"], "article": "The World Health Organization says there has been a sharp increase in the number of over-weight children in developing countries. In African countries, the WHO says the number of over-weight or obese children is twice as high as it was 20 years ago. Around the world, about 43 million children under the age of five were overweight in 2013.\nOverweight and obese children are more likely to become overweight and obese adults. The condition can _ serious health problems like heart diseases.\nFrancesco Branca is the director of the WHO Department of Nutrition for Health and Development. He says urban lifestyle makes people eat processed food more often ,which has a high sugar ,fat and salt content. He also says people are gaining weight because of their lack of activities. They travel in cars or other vehicles more than on foot.\nThe WHO experts say to lower obesity rates is especially complex in countries that also deal with high rates of infectious  diseases.\nThe WHO has some basic solutions for individuals and countries. The organization says you should lower your intake of fat, sugar, salt and processed food and eat more fruits,' vegetables and increase physical activity. The WHO says these actions are especially important for children.\nAnd WHO expert Branca says mothers should breastfeed their babies for at least the first six months of life, if possible. More importantly, governments should consider providing vitamins for children and educational campaigns about problems linked to obesity would also help. In his view, government policies should deal with how food is marketed to children and food producers must balance quality and taste with the dangers of sugar, fat and salt. \"Reducing the number of overweight children will not be easy. The goal is difficult to meet even in wealthy countries. \" he adds.", "id": "high5862.txt"}