{"answers": ["B", "A", "D", "A"], "options": [["The content of modern advertising.", "The skills of modern advertising.", "The results of modern advertising.", "The writing of modern advertising."], ["be both persuasive and effective", "give people useful information", "show people a product", "show people a new idea of a product"], ["modern advertising has less effect on customers", "once customers see ads about a new cerea1, they are sure to buy it", "cereal can make people strong", "cereal is a kind of food which is popular among people"], ["Customers can easily be persuaded by advertisements.", "Customers should be persuaded by advertisements.", "It's impossible for customers to buy a product without advertisements.", "Customers buy products according to their demands rather than the advertisements."]], "questions": ["What is discussed in this passage?", "According to the passage, a good advertisement should       _  .", "From the passage, we know that   _   .", "What can we infer from the passage?"], "article": "Advertising gives useful information about which products to buy. But modern advertising does more than gives news about products and services. Today's advertisements, or ads, try to get consumers to buy certain brands. Writers of advertising are so skillful that they can, sometimes persuade a consumer to wear a certain kind of clothing, eat a special kind of cereal, or see a movie. Consumers might never even want a product if they did not see or hear advertisements for it.\nFor example, you probab1y do not need the newest cereal in the supermarket. There are probably many cereal brands on your kitchen shelves. You may not have space on a shelf for another. But if you see ads about a new cereal that is your extra-tasty and has a free prize in the box, you may want it.\nAdvertising must get attention. To be effective, it must be exciting, entertaining, or provide some pleasure. The secret of writing good advertising copy is to offer a good idea as well as a product. The idea is what the ad is really selling. One example is an ad that says eating a certain cereal will make a person do well in sports. That cereal brand may sell better if consumers think it offers strength and energy.", "id": "high5865.txt"}