{"answers": ["C", "B", "C"], "options": [["the school work is too much", "their teachers are too strict with them", "their parents put much pressure on them", "they can't get on well with their friends"], ["Two", "Four", "Six", "Eight"], ["They are a set of effective rules.", "They can help the students to be useful persons.", "They are bad for the development of each student.", "They stress the importance of sense of moral values."]], "questions": ["Many Japanese students are unhappy at school because_.", "How many unexpected things will some of Japanese students do when they are not doing well in their studies?", "What's some experts' opinion about Japanese school rules?"], "article": "Japanese students work very hard but many are very unhappy. They feel great pressure from their parents to do well in school and in college. Most students are always being told by their parents to study harder so that they can have successful future. Although this may be good advice for those who are very bright, it can have very bad results for many students who are not quick enough at learning.\nUnfortunately, a number of students actually kill themselves. Others are after comfort in using drugs. Some students, however, do bad things with groups of bad people and turn to crime. Many of them have tried very hard at school but, in spite of all their tries, have failed in certain examinations and have disappointed their parents. Such students feel that they are less important than everyone else they meet and leave school before they finish their study.\nIt is surprising that although most Japanese parents are anxious for their children to do well at school, they do not help them in any way. Many parents feel that they are unable to help their children with their lessons and that it is the teachers' job to help their children.\nTo make matter worse, a lot of parents send their children to special schools called juku-cram schools. These schools are open during the evenings and on weekends, and their only purpose is to prepare students to pass exams; they do not try to educate students in any real sense of the world. Thus comes a shock to realize that almost three quarters of the junior high school students attend these cram schools.\nOrdinary Japanese schools usually have rules about everything from the length of students' hair to their clothes and things in their school bags. Child psychologists now think that such strict rules often lead to a feeling of being unsafe and being unable to fit into society. They believe that no sense of moral  values is developed and that students are given neither guidance nor training in becoming good citizens.", "id": "high587.txt"}