{"answers": ["D", "B", "A", "C"], "options": [["Walking in high heels could cause less serious effects than running barefoot.", "Two new discoveries encourage people to run in high heels.", "Running in shoes is partly good to runners.", "Two new studies prove running without shoes is beneficial to runners in most cases."], ["Toes.", "Hips.", "Feet.", "Legs."], ["The way that we run by landing on the front or middle of our foot could avoid damaging our heel.", "We should start running barefoot in no time.", "Running in modern running shoes could cause more serious effects than running in high heels.", "We won't be injured if we run barefoot."], ["Persuasive.", "Negative.", "Objective.", "Supportive."]], "questions": ["What's the main idea of the passage?", "Which part of our body could be injured if we run in running shoes?", "What can we learn from the passage?", "What is the writer's attitude towards the use of the modern running shoes?"], "article": "Two new studies suggest that modern running shoes could increase the risk of injuries to runners.\nOne study involved sixty-eight healthy young women and men who ran at least twenty-four kilometers a week. The runners were observed on a treadmill machine  . Sometimes they wore running shoes. Other times they ran barefoot  .\nResearchers from the JKM Technologies company in Virginia, the University of Virginia and the University of Colorado did the study.\nThey found that running shoes create more stress that could damage knees, hips and ankle joints than running barefoot. They observed that the effect was even greater than the effect reported earlier for walking in high heels.\nThe study appeared in the official scientific journal of The American Academy of Physical Medicine.\nThe other study appeared in the journal Nature. It compared runners in the United States and Kenya. The researchers were from Harvard University in Massachusetts, Moi University in Kenya and the University of Glasgow in Scotland.\nThey divided the runners into three groups. One group had always run shoeless. Another group had always run with shoes. And the third group had changed to shoeless running.\nRunners who wear shoes usually come down heel first. That puts great force on the back of the foot. But the study found that barefoot runners generally land on the front or middle of their foot. That way they ease into their landing and avoid striking their heel.\nHarvard's Daniel Lieberman led the study. He says the way most running shoes are designed may explain why those who wear them land on their heels. The heel of the shoe is bigger and heavier than other parts of the shoe, so it would seem more likely to come down first. Also, the heel generally has thick material under it to soften landings.\nBut the researchers do not suggest that runners immediately start running barefoot. They say it takes some training. And there can be risks, like running when your feet are too cold to feel if you get injured.\nThe study was partly supported by Vibram, which makes a kind of footwear that it says is like running barefoot. The findings have gotten a lot of attention. But the researchers say there are many problems in the way the press has reported in their paper. So they have tried to explain their findings on a Harvard Website.", "id": "high5882.txt"}