{"answers": ["B", "A", "D"], "options": [["Holidays in autumn can be cheaper", "the scenery in autumn is more attractive", "the resorts in autumn are less crowded", "The weather is neither too hot nor too cold"], ["Kas", "Marrakech", "Dahab", "Dubrovnik"], ["Dubrovnik", "Dahab", "Kas", "Marrakech"]], "questions": ["Here are the good reasons for people to take holidays in autumn except that   _  .", "For someone who enjoys walking,   _   is the best choice.", "Which of the following places may not be close to sea?"], "article": "September can be a depressing month. The summer holidays are over, it's time to go back to work or school and Christmas is four months away. However, for some people it's the perfect time to get away.\nThese days more and more people are taking their holidays late in the year and for good reasons. Holidays in autumn can be cheaper, the resorts are less crowded and the weather isn't as extreme as it is in the summer. So, where are the best places to go? Here are our top tips.\nSardinia (in Italy) has an average temperature of 27degC in September. It also has \"Autunno in Barbagia\" (Autumn in Barbagia) a series of festivals that take place in 27 villages in Barbagia, a mountainous region of inland Sardinia. The festivals continue from September to December, so there's always something happening. There are street markets, craft workshops and there's lots of eating and drinking (This is Italy, after all).\nDubrovnik Croatia has become very popular in summer but it's quieter and more pleasant once the crowds have left. The weather is still warm but less humid. You can take a ferry to the popular beaches on the islands of Sunj and enjoy it with locals.\nDahab Egypt, is extremely hot in the summer with temperatures up to 38degC. However, the autumn is cooler while the sea is still warm. This makes Dahab the perfect place for snorkeling and windsurfing. There are also interesting historical sites to visit such as the Coloured Canyon, with its dramatic rock formations, and St Catherine's Monastery, at the foot of Mount Sinai.\nKas is a relaxed fishing village on the Lycian coast in southern Turkey. There are plenty of things to do and the temperature has dropped (so you can actually enjoy doing them!) Kas is a good place to stay if you want to walk part of the Lycian way: a long-distance footpath that stretches for 500km from Fethiye to Antalya through the ancient land of Lycia. There are also watersports, of course. The best time to go diving is supposed to be after the first rains of autumn (usually between late September and early October) when the fish become most active.\nMarrakech Morocco is another good destination. The city itself is a fascinating place to spend a few days. When you have had enough of that, go to Tigmi, a beautiful hill town about 20 kilometers away. There's a hammam (a Turkish bath) and a large heated pool, which makes it the perfect place to relax.\nWherever you go this autumn - have fun!", "id": "high590.txt"}