{"answers": ["C", "A", "B"], "options": [["The climate", "The scenery", "The study condition", "The living condition"], ["he feels the real character of the nation here", "the weather is fine here", "the life is full of excitement", "he likes sunshine and hates snow"], ["tells us something about American universities", "gives us some advice on studying in America", "lets us know about America", "describes the scenery of America"]], "questions": ["_  should be considered first if you want to study in the USA.", "The writer likes Middle America best because  _", "The passage mainly  _"], "article": "If you planning to study in the United States, you need to consider several factors  . Everyone has different opinions about where is the best place to live in. Also, the best places to live in are not always home to the best schools. What's more, many schools specialize in different areas of study. They Massachusetts Institute of Technology, for example, is a great school for computer science. And if you want to study oceanography, your interests may be better served by attending school in a place which is near the ocean.\nNow I will tell you about which states I believe are the best to live in. California is a nice state. Northern California especially has very good weather. As for me, I enjoyed the time I spent in Massachusetts, Virginia and Mary land. These states have a lot of history and culture. The weather is not so perfect as that in California, but is still quite nice. My favourite of America is the Midwest. Middle America, I think, is home to the true American sense of values. Besides, there are many good universities, too.\nAlso you need to think about your likes and dislikes and then research the different areas. You like sunshine and hate snow? Then you probably won't like the Midwest or even the Northeast. Open space, nature, peace and quiet? Then you'd better stay away from America's larger cities. Are you interested in government? Then Washington D.C. is the only place for you. Whatever you decide, put some thought into it.", "id": "high5902.txt"}