{"answers": ["A", "C", "B", "D", "D"], "options": [["To introduce some educational websites to parents for their kids.", "To let parents distinguish between good and bad websites.", "To attract the readers to download some useful information.", "To enrich young children's spare time with some Internet games."], ["With a membership, you can get the information for free.", "You can download materials you want for free with a membership.", "With a membership, you can have access to the site without the ads.", "You can look through more pages with a membership."], ["Enchanted Learning.", "Starfall", "Sesame Street Workshop.", "Sprout Online."], ["Because it has games and stories for young kids.", "Because children can mail letters to their favorite characters.", "Because it is always educational, and children love it..", "Because it has great sound effects and animation."], ["Enchanted Learning has reading activities and worksheets to download.", "Starfall is designed for learners from pre-K to second grade", "the Wiggles and the MightyJungle are not based on television shows.", "websites that involve joy and learning are beneficial to kids."]], "questions": ["What's the purpose of the author in writing this passage?", "What's the difference between people who have memberships and those who don't?", "If you want to buy educational materials for your children, you should choose   _   .", "Why does the Sesame Street Workshop have more fun than others?", "It can be learnt from the passage that   _   ."], "article": "The Internet can provide a wealth of educational resources for small children, if you know where to look. This article will offer some educational websites to small children. You may need to assist your children in navigating  the pages until they understand where their favorite activities are.\nEnchanted Learning\nEnchanted learning is a great website for children, and I know several teachers who rely on it for materials for their classrooms. Most of the information is free, but for $20.00 per year, you can purchase a membership that allows you to have access to the site without the advertising. The pages here are great. There are colored pages and worksheets for toddlers  and school-age children. They focus on learning language, science, animals, geography, astronomy, explorers, music, art and nursery rhymes.\nStarfall\nStarfall is another good educational website for small children. Teachers often use this website in classrooms. It emphasizes reading skills for early learners. The website is aimed at first grade level learners, but it has tools that can help all children from pre-K to second grade. The website has reading activities, worksheets to download, and a store where you can purchase educational materials for your children.\nSesame Street Workshop\nKids love Sesame Street, and it is always educational. This is one of the funniest websites online for children because it is very well animated and has great sound effects. The website has games and stories for small kids, and they can create letters at the post office and mail them to their favorite characters.\nSprout Online\nSprout has features on its television network, which are just for children. There are games, colored pages, recipes, music, videos, sign language activities and exercise videos for children. There are also online activities based on Sprout television shows. These include Roary the Race Car, the Wiggles, the Mighty Jungle and many others.\nThese are just a few of many educational websites for children. Small children love to use computers, so help them find some websites that contain fun and learning at the same time.", "id": "high5912.txt"}