{"answers": ["C", "A", "D", "A"], "options": [["Traffic police are not very necessary because few cars break traffic rules.", "The traffic is very clear and there are few traffic jams and accidents in the street.", "There are so many cars in the street that the traffic police can't be seen.", "The effective traffic rules play an important part in the road safety."], ["It is designed for the cars that want to turn left.", "It is very safe to drive there.", "It is very convenient for the traffic police to find the cars that break the rules.", "The cars that want to turn left can easily give a signal of turning left."], ["In America, all cars in the crossing must stop when they meet the stop line.", "In America, any car cannot park in the streets in some residential areas.", "If people want to turn, they can obey the guide of the traffic police.", "There are more traffic jams in China."], ["American Traffic Rules", "Differences in Traffic Rules between China and America", "Traffic Jams in America", "American People Who Obey Traffic Rules"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is NOT the reason why we can hardly see traffic police in the street in America?", "Why is there a middle lane of turning left on the road?", "Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage?", "What's the best title for the passage?"], "article": "There are many differences between America and China. The biggest difference is traffic rules. In America there are too much more cars than in China. But there are much fewer traffic jams and accidents in America than in China. We hardly see traffic police in the street, but all cars obey strictly traffic rules, and people hardly find that a car does not obey traffic rules in the street.\nAbout American traffic rules, there are many better terms, such as:\n1. Stop line: There are stop lines in all crossing without traffic light (some have two stop lines and others have four stop lines). All cars must stop while meeting the stop line.\n2. Traffic light: There is traffic light in the crossing of the road. Cars may almost turn every direction. The traffic light can give signal step by step including u-turn. There is a kind of middle lane of turning left. When a car wants to turn left in the road, he may enter into the middle lane of turning left and give a signal of turning left. When he thinks being safe, he may turn left. In many conditions the order of passing is also given very specifically. If people want to change lane or turn, they must look behind and think being safe. Only so, they may do it.\n3. Specific item: Such as parking, there are three kinds of lines (their colors are white, blue or red) in the roadside. Every line may park different kinds of cars. There are many streets in some residential areas  , and there is a kind of rule that any car cannot park at any time or any period time. In every parking, there are some special positions for invalid   people.\n4. About the priority of passenger and car: At any case, passengers have the priority to cars. And only after passengers have passed the road and got the top of sidestep, cars may go ahead.\nIn general, traffic rules of America are very specific, convenient, safe and humanizing.", "id": "high5916.txt"}