{"answers": ["C", "D", "B"], "options": [["their salary will be determined by the school.", "the housing issue is left for further discussion.", "their religious belief ought to be confirmed.", "they must have got related qualifications."], ["Modupe Bvuma.", "Mwanyimi Bushabu.", "Rachel Moore.", "Adelaide White."], ["Mwanyimi Bushabu is a Christian and works as a banker in his motherland.", "It is not probable for Rachel Moore to be employed as a teacher by the school.", "Adelaide White has 12 years' teaching experience but now is out of work.", "Freddie Matthews has gained experience in teaching in a university."]], "questions": ["According to the passage, for teachers to work in the mentioned secondary school in Nigeria,   _  .", "Supposing the school needs an African to teach French, who would be the best choice?", "Which of the following statements is TRUE?"], "article": "We are looking for teachers for our private secondary school in Nigeria. This is a Christian school and we are looking for Christian teachers. Accommodations are provided and salaries can be discussed. Volunteers are welcome to apply but those with teaching qualifications and experience will be first chosen. Subjects: English, French or Art. Those who teach other subjects are also welcome.\nApplicant 1 Modupe Bvuma\nI have a master's degree in Managerial Psychology and know a little French. I'm looking for a job either as a teacher or as a personnel manager. I'm a Christian and live in Nigeria, Africa and I'd be glad to be given the opportunity.\nApplicant 2 Rachel Moore\nI'm an Australian and have experience in working with children in the local church, although I don't believe in Jesus. I have bachelor's degrees in both Art and Education. I have _ my job with my pupils and now have settled in Nigeria, Africa to look for a job teaching English or French.\nApplicant 3 Mwanyimi Bushabu\nI've been in Africa for 5 years as a banker. It is advantageous for me to teach French at your school since it's my mother tongue, I am a Church member and promise I shall keep the Christian standards at your school.\nApplicant 4 Freddie Matthews\nI am to graduate from the University of Nottingham, England. I have gained teaching experience by tutoring children in lots of families and will have a teaching qualification. I'm interested in your job.\nApplicant 5 Adelaide White\nI am an Egyptian living in San Francisco, the USA. I'm a Christian. I have been a teacher of English and French for 12 years. I am currently an advisor in schools. Besides my master's degree, my post bachelor's degree is in Pupils Personnel Service Credentials. I want to return to my continent.", "id": "high5923.txt"}