{"answers": ["C", "C"], "options": [["she isn't often at home.", "they are too young to guess the truth.", "they find it normal to ask their father for everything.", "they think it natural that short-sighted people like their mother don't do much reading or writing."], ["Brenda and Her Family", "A Woman Who Doesn't Wear Glasses", "A Woman with an Empty Spectacles Case", "The Miserable Life of a Waitress"]], "questions": ["Brenda's children have never found out about her problem as  _  .", "Of the following suggested titles, which is the most appropriate?"], "article": "Brenda Linson never goes anywhere without an empty spectacles case. It is as vital to her as her purse. Yet, she doesn't wear glasses. The reason she cannot do without it is that she cannot read and she cannot write. If ever she gets into any situation where she might be expected to do either of these things, she fishes around in her bag for the spectacles case, finds it's empty, and asks the person concerned to do the reading for her. Until a few months ago hardly anybody knew about her problem. Her husband didn't know and her children didn't know. The children still don't.\nShe had many tactics for hiding her difficult--for example, never lingering near a phone at work, in case she had to answer it and might be required to write something down.\nIt has never occurred to the children that their mother cannot read. She doesn't read them stories, but then their father doesn't either, so they find nothing surprising in the fact. Similarly they just accept that Dad is the one who writes the sick notes and reads the school reports. Now that the elder boy Tom is quite a proficient reader, Brenda can skillfully get him to read any notes brought home from school simply by asking,\"What's that all about, then?\"\nBrenda's husband never guessed the truth in ten years of marriage. For one thing, he insists on handling all domestic correspondence and bills himself. A salesman for a large company, he travels a great deal and so is not around so much to spot the truth. While he's away Brenda cores with any situations by explaining that she cannot do anything until she's discussed it with her husband.\nBrenda was very successful in her job until recently. For the last five years she had worked as waitress at an expensive restaurant, and had eventually been promoted to head waitress. She kept the thing a secret there too, and got over the practical difficulties somehow.", "id": "high5924.txt"}