{"answers": ["B", "B", "D", "A"], "options": [["can record one's sleep process", "is the first product to manage one's sleep", "is free of medical risks", "provides access to sleep fitness websites"], ["Its direct contact with sleep scientists.", "Its individualized coaching program.", "Its effectiveness in curing sleep disorders.", "Its immediate analysis of sleep data."], ["Cheap online tools.", "A 30-day action plan.", "Personalized bedside display.", "Free delivery of the product."], ["encourage people to try the new product", "instruct people how to use a new tool", "provide the latest health information", "illustrate the importance of good sleep habit"]], "questions": ["Zeo is a revolution in the science of sleep mainly because it   _  .", "What is the most remarkable feature of Zeo?", "What customer service does Zeo provide?", "The passage is primarily written to   _  ."], "article": "To get a better night's sleep, get into bed with Zeo Introducing the revolutionary Zeo Personal Sleep Coach\nThe inability to get a good night's sleep is one of the top health issues. A night of poor sleep can affect one's mood, energy level, and performance. Most people have felt powerless to do anything about it -- until now. Introduing Zeo, a revolutionary approach to the problem of poor sleep.\nA revolution in the science of sleep\nDesigned by leading sleep scientists,the Zeo Personal Sleep Coach is the first consumer product to help you take control of your sleep.Because understanding your sleep is the first step toward mananging it.\nWear the light Zeo Headband to bed and Zeo technology tracks and records your personal sleep patterns and wrielessly send them to the Zeo Bedside Display. When you wake up, you simply touch a button to get your sleep data: the time you took to fall asleep, your time in deep sleep and light sleep, and how often you woke up. Seeing how you slept is just the beginning. What you do with that information is what makes Zeo so remarkable.\nTake control of your sleep\nZeo puts the science of sleep at your fingertips. The Zeo Bedside Display stroes your sleep data so you can easily upload it to the Zeo Peasonal Coaching website. Here you 'll find a collection of online tools that help you analyze you sleep and uncover the links between how you live and how your sleep. Zeo's Seven Step Sleep Fintness program assists you in creating a personalized action plan based on your own sleep pattems and goals, and delivers user-tailored coaching emails that help you get the sleep you need.\nTry Zeo risk free,and enjoy free shipping\nOrder Zeo today and receive the headband, bedside display, full access to our powerful user website and you personalized, multi-week sleep coaching program--plus our satisfaction guarantee and free shipping.\nze?\nThe more you know, the better you sleep.\n30-DAY money- back guarantee FREE SHIPPING\nCall NOW to order. Call 888-794-9349\nZeo Personal Sleep Coach is neither a medical device nor a medical program and is notintended for the treatment of sleep disorders.", "id": "high5978.txt"}