{"answers": ["B", "D", "A"], "options": [["it's easy to get a cold when taking a bath", "the showerhead carries many bacteria causing illness", "we don't get cleaned while showering", "we don't get a weak immune system"], ["Hot water could kill most of bacteria in showerheads.", "Of 45 showerheads surveyed in nine cities, 30 carried large amounts of Mycobacterium.", "Changing showerheads is the only way to avoid microorganisms.", "Shower water contains much less bacteria after being left to run for 30 seconds."], ["The train's movement.", "Iron particles.", "Train wheels.", "Air conditioners on the trains."]], "questions": ["From the finding of Norman R. Pace, after taking a shower, we might cough or feel tired because  _  .", "According to the passage, which of the following is TRUE?", "What contributes to fresh air in US subways?"], "article": "It is generally believed that we are getting cleaned when we step under a shower. We are, but we're also giving a home to lots of tiny little creatures we didn't even know about. A showerhead carries thousands of bacteria called Mycobacterium.These can cause problems like coughs and tiredness, and a general feeling of poorliness  . When you turn on the water, the bacteria go from the showerhead onto and into your body.\nThis is a finding of Norman R. Pace and his team at the University of Colorado, in the US. The scientists investigated bacteria in all kinds of human environment, including showers.Pace's team looked at 45 showerheads in nine American cities. They discovered that 30 percent of them had large amounts of flying Mycobacterium.\nBut Pace said that they _ few threats to the health.Only those with a weak immune system might need to worry.He told the New York Times that the bacteria are not as unpleasant as might be thought.He said that having a shower is no more dangerous than anything else we do in the morning.\nBut for those who feel sick about the idea of all those microorganisms  , he had some advice. Let the water run for 30 seconds before getting into the shower. Why? The number of bacteria is smaller than that when the water is just turned on. If that seems like a waste of water, he added that you could also change your showerhead every few months.\nHowever, Pace had good news too. He has also been testing the air in US subways. Apart from iron particles  , which are ground off the track by the wheels of trains, subway air is fresh. The reason is that a train's movement pumps fresh outdoor air into the tunnels.\nPace explained that he wanted to understand the natural microbial environments of public places. This kind of knowledge might help discover the microbes to be used in a bioterrorist   attack.", "id": "high5983.txt"}