{"answers": ["D", "C", "C"], "options": [["people should be packaged at all ages", "people should be packaged in a special way", "elderly people also care about packaging", "proper packaging makes people attractive"], ["hardly exists", "is the strongest", "comes from the inside", "comes from the appearance"], ["dye your hair", "make up at a young age", "follow the ageing process", "give up fame and wealth"]], "questions": ["It can be concluded from the text that   _  .", "For the middle-aged, attractiveness   _   .", "According to the author, if you want to keep in harmony with nature, you should   _  ."], "article": "A person, like a commodity, needs packaging. But going too far is absolutely undesirable. A little exaggeration  will do no harm when it shows the person's unique qualities to their advantages. To show personal attractiveness in a casual and natural way, it is important for one to have a clear knowledge of oneself. A skilled packager knows how to add art to nature without any signs of _ so that the person so packaged is not a commodity, but a human being, lively and lovely.\nA young person, especially a female, shining with beauty and full of life, has all the favor granted. Youth however, comes and goes in a flash. Packaging for the middle-aged is primarily to hide the marks made by years. If you still enjoy life enough to keep self-confidence and work at pioneering work, you are unique in your natural qualities, and your attractiveness and grace will remain. Elderly people are beautiful if their river of life has been, through plains, mountains and jungles, running its course as it should. You have really lived your life, which now arrives at a self - satisfied stage of quietness and calmness with no interest in fame or wealth. There is no need to make use of hair dyeing. The snow-capped mountain itself is a beautiful scene of fairyland. Let your looks change from young to old in step with the natural ageing process so as to keep in harmony with nature, for harmony itself is beauty, while the other way round will only end in unpleasantness. _ As long as one finds where one stands, one knows how to package oneself, just as a commodity sets up its brand by the right packaging.", "id": "high5988.txt"}