{"answers": ["B", "D", "C", "C", "B"], "options": [["provide more jobs for foreign workers", "slow down the rate of its development", "sell the oil it is producing abroad", "develop more quickly than at present"], ["encourage the oil companies to discover new oil sources", "prevent oil companies employing people from northern Norway", "help the oil companies solve many of their problems", "keep the oil industry to something near its present size"], ["the development of industry", "a growth in population", "the failure of the development program", "the development of new towns"], ["a large reduction on unemployment", "a growth in the tourist industry", "a reduction in the number of existing industries", "the development of a number of service industries"], ["they form such a large part of Norwegian ideal", "their lives and values represent the Norwegian ideal", "their work is so useful to the rest of Norwegian society", "they regard oil as a threat to the Norwegian way of life"]], "questions": ["The Norwegian Government would prefer the oil industry to   _  .", "The Norwegian Government has tried to   _  .", "According to the passage, the oil industry might lead northern Norway to   _  .", "In the south, one effect to the development of the oil industry might be   _  .", "Norwegian farmers and fishermen have an important influence because   _  ."], "article": "The Norwegian Government is doing its best to keep the oil industry under control. A new law limits exploration to an area south of the southern end of the long coastline; production limits have been laid down (though these have already been raised); and oil companies have not been allowed to employ more than a limited number of foreign workers. But the oil industry has a way of getting over such problems, and few people believe that the Government will be able to hold things back for long. As one Norwegian politician said last week: \" We will soon be changed beyond all recognition.\"\nEver since the war, the Government has been carrying out a program of development in the area north of the Arctic Circle. During the past few years this program has had a great deal of success. Tromso has been built up into a local capital with a university, a large hospital and a healthy industry. But the oil industry has already started to draw people south, and within a few years the whole northern policy could be in ruins.\nThe effects of the oil industry would not be limited to the north, however. With nearly 100 percent employment, everyone can see a situation developing in which the service industries and the tourist industry will lose more of their workers to the oil industry. Some smaller industries might even disappear altogether when it becomes cheaper to buy goods from abroad.\nThe real argument over oil is its threat to the Norwegian way of life. Farmers and fishermen do not make up most of the population, but they are an important part of it, because Norwegians see in them many of the qualities that they regard with pride as essentially Norwegian. And it is the farmers and the fishermen who are most critical of the oil industry because of the damage that it might cause to the countryside and to the sea.", "id": "high5989.txt"}