{"answers": ["C", "B"], "options": [["Friends should open their hearts to each other.", "Friends should always be faithful to each other.", "There should be a distance even between friends.", "The closer they are, the deeper their friendship is."], ["Privacy and Health", "Privacy Is Getting Lost.", "Boundary and Friendship", "Cherish What You Have"]], "questions": ["Which of the statements will the psychologists probably agree with?", "Which of the following may serve as the best title of the passage?"], "article": "Someday a stranger will read your email without your permission or scan the website you have visited. Or perhaps someone will casually glance through your credit card purchases or cell bills to find out your shopping preferences or calling habits.\nIn fact, it is likely that some of these things have already happened to you. Who would watch you without permission? It might be a girlfriend, a marketing company, a boss or a criminal. Whoever it is, they will see you in a way you never intended to be seen----- _ stcentury is the equal of being caught naked.\nPsychologists tell us boundaries are healthy and that it is important to reveal yourself to friends, families and lovers at appropriate time and places. But now few boundaries remain. The information you leave everywhere makes it easy for strangers to reconstruct who you are, where you are and what you like. Believe it or not, we live in a world where you simply can't keep a secret. The key question is: does that matter?\nWhen you ask Americans about privacy, most say they are concerned about losing it.\nBut people say one thing and do another. Only a tiny part of Americans change any behaviors in an effort to preserve their privacy. Few people turn down a discount at tollbooths  to avoid using the EZ-Pass system that can track automobile movements. And few refuse to offer personal information like Social Security numbers to get supermarket loyalty cards.\nBut privacy   does matter--at least sometimes. It is like health: when you have it, you don't notice it. Only when it is gone do you wish you had done more to protect it.", "id": "high5994.txt"}