{"answers": ["A", "D", "B"], "options": [["to first answer the questions which are easier to you.", "to depend on your first impulse to answer the questions.", "to search the test paper for all the answers to the questions.", "to give up the questions whose answers you don't know."], ["pay much attention to their testing skills.", "often give up a difficult test halfway.", "often get higher results by cheating.", "don't believe in their first impulse."], ["Effective Studying Methods.", "Effective Test Taking Skills.", "Getting Better Exam Results.", "Being Successful Students."]], "questions": ["When taking an exam, you are advised   _  .", "It is common that many students  _  .", "What would be the best title of the passage?"], "article": "Sooner or later, most students are to take some form of English examinations. Often the more successful students are better prepared. However, sometimes students who do well have better test taking skills. These abilities really have nothing to do with understanding English better. They are skills that make taking the test easier, and therefore provide better results.\nHere are some very important--and often ignored--guidelines to taking a test successfully.\nDo not insist on completing each question before going to the next. This is extremely important. Remember one question may only be worth one point! You will become nervous when you fail to find out its answer, making you lose your concentration and leading to worse results. However, answering the questions you are sure you know results in your being more relaxed and feeling more confident.\nGo through the test a second time working out the answers to more difficult questions. Sometimes questions asked are answered in later questions asking for different things.\nUsually(but not always) a strong first impulse  means we know the answer and we don't really have to think about it too much. Going back to think about it usually makes you unsure and often causes a mistake. This is very common, so be very careful!\nIf you don't know the answer, write something. If you are answering a 4 possibility multiple choice question you will still have a 25% chance of being correct!\nTaking a test is as much for you as is for your teacher, so never cheat. If you cheat, you don't help yourself in the long run.", "id": "high5998.txt"}