{"answers": ["C", "D", "B"], "options": [["stay where you are", "hide under a big tree", "avoid power lines", "sit on the ground"], ["about 1,500 earthquakes happen every year", "people should store some clothes in their houses in advance", "family members should meet in their home after an earthquake", "people suffering earthquakes often should buy earthquake insurance"], ["How to Keep Safe in an Earthquake", "How to Prepare for an Earthquake", "Who Can Help Us After an Earthquake?", "Where Is an Earthquake-prone Area?"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, if you are outside in an earthquake, you should  _  .", "We can learn from the passage that  _  .", "What would be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "According to the US Geological Survey, about seven million earthquakes strike worldwide every year--but fortunately, only about 1500 of these are of a magnitude  of 5 or greater on the Richter scale. Certain areas, such as California and Japan, are more _ earthquakes than others. Although the chance of being caught in \"The Big one\" is remote, it's wise to be prepared if you live in a region where earthquakes are common.\nEducate your family about earthquakes before a big one strikes. For example, they need to know to take shelter in a doorway or under a strong object if indoors, and never to run outdoors if they are inside. If outside, they need to know to stay away from power lines and buildings where objects could fall.\nTeach family members how to turn off gas or water lines or electrical power that may need to be shut off after a quake if severe damage occurs.\nDevelop a plan. Where will your family meet in the event of a disaster? What if some people are at work or school? How will you know if they are safe? Where will you all meet up?\nPack a preparedness kit  and keep it in a safe location. In a major earthquake, it's possible that you won't be able to get into your house. Keep supplies in your car trunk or an outside storage shed if possible. Pack whatever your family is likely to need, enough for three days to a week, including food, water, medication, first aid and personal hygiene supplies, flashlights, a portable radio, blankets, clothes and shoes, cash, or camp stove, candles, matches or lighters, and a whistle.\nConsider earthquake insurance for your home if you live in an earthquake-prone area. Regular homeowner's insurance doesn't cover earthquake damage.", "id": "high6003.txt"}