{"answers": ["B", "C", "B"], "options": [["cannot compete with men in any field", "are suited more to domestic jobs than men", "are sensitive enough to be a good caretaker", "are too weak to do any agricultural work at all"], ["women shouldn't go out for work", "women should earn money to add the family income", "women going out for work should only do \"women's work\"", "women should take jobs to drill the special capabilities of the sex"], ["are determined by what they are better suited to", "grow out of their household responsibilities", "represent their breakthrough of sex discrimination", "are physically and emotionally suitable to them"]], "questions": ["According to the biology-is-destiny ideology, women  _  .", "Those who have prejudices against women think that  _  .", "The author thinks that the positions women hold outside  _  ."], "article": "Sex prejudices are based on and justified by the ideology  that biology is destiny. According to this ideology, basic biological and psychological differences exist between the sexes. These differences require each sex to play a separate role in social life. Women are the weaker sex both physically and emotionally. Thus, they are naturally suited, much more so than men, to the performance of domestic  duties. A woman's place, under normal circumstances, is within the protective environment of the home. Nature has determined that women play caretaker roles, such as wife and mother and homemaker. On the other hand, men are best suited to go out into the competitive world of work and politics, where serious responsibilities must be taken on. Men are to be the providers; women and children are \"dependents\".\nThe ideology also holds that women who wish to work outside the household should naturally fill these jobs that are in line with the special capabilities of their sex. It is appropriate for women, not men, to be employed as nurses, social workers, elementary school teachers, house-hold helpers, clerks and secretaries. These positions are simply an extension of women's domestic role. Informal distinctions between \"women's work\" and \"men's work\" in the labor force, according to the ideology, are simply a functional reflection of the basic differences between the sexes.\nFinally, the ideology suggests that nature has worked her will in another significant way. For the human species to survive over time, its members must regularly reproduce. Thus, women must, whether at home or in the labor force, make the most of their physical appearances.\nSo goes the ideology. It is, of course, not true that basic biological and psychological differences between the sexes require each to play sex-defined roles in social life. There is enough evidence that sex roles vary from society to society, and _ \nBut to the degree people actually believe that biology is destiny and that nature intended for men and women to make different contributions to society, sex-defined roles will be seen as totally acceptable.", "id": "high6013.txt"}