{"answers": ["D", "A", "B", "C"], "options": [["description of two similar objects in a poetic way", "literary device specially employed in poetry writing", "contrast between two different things to create a vivid image", "comparison between two different objects with similar features"], ["add a new element to the image of love", "protect the rose from harm", "symbolize reduced love", "cause acute suffering"], ["difficult to understand", "rich in meaning", "simple to use", "perfect in form"], ["love is a rose in metaphor", "a rose is a good image in poetry", "a metaphor is a great poetic device", "a poet should be careful to use a metaphor"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, a metaphor is a   _  .", "As is meant by the author, thorns of a rose   _  .", "It can be inferred from the passage that a metaphor is   _  .", "The main idea of this passage is that   _  ."], "article": "A metaphor is a poetic device that deals with comparison. It compares similar qualities of two dissimilar objects. With a simple metaphor, one object becomes the other: Love is a rose. Although this does not sound like a particularly rich image, a metaphor can communicate so much about a particular image that poets use them more than any other type of figurative language. The reason for this is that poets compose their poetry to express what they are experiencing emotionally at that moment. Consequently, what the poet imagines love to be may or may not be our understanding of love. Therefore, the poet's job is to enable us to experience it, to feel it the same way as the poet does.\nLet's analyze this remarkably simple metaphor concerning love and the rose to see what it offers. Because the poet uses a comparison with a rose, first we must examine the characteristics of that flower. A rose is impressive in its beauty, its petals are nicely soft, and its smell is pleasing. It's possible to say that a rose is actually a feast to the senses of sight, touch, and smell. The rose's appearance seems to border on perfection, each petal seemingly equal in form. Isn't this the way one's love should be?A loved one should be a delight to one's senses and seem perfect.\nHowever, there is another dimension added to the comparison by using a rose. Roses have thorns. The poet wants to convey the idea that roses can be tricky. So can love, the metaphor tells us. When one reaches out with absolute trust to touch the object of his or her affection, ouch, a thorn can cause great harm! \"Be careful,\" the metaphor warns, \"Love is a feast to the senses, but it can overwhelm us, and it can also hurt us and cause acute suffering.\" This is the poet's understanding of love--an admonition  . What is the point?Just this: It took almost 14 sentences to clarify what a simple metaphor communicates in only four words! That is the artistry and the joy of the simple metaphor.", "id": "high602.txt"}