{"answers": ["D", "B", "B"], "options": [["Interest in stars' life and expectation of getting rich", "Motivation for being fashionable and inspiration from popular examples", "Intentions to gain acceptance and encouragement from stars' lifestyle", "Desires to be stylish and great influence from the mass media"], ["have a control over their own bodies and actions", "be responsible for their own choices and behaviors", "follow fashionable stars' steps to be more popular", "choose right role models according to different reports"], ["stars have the responsibility for teenagers' actions", "not all famous stars choose to influence teenagers", "teenagers choose those inspiring people as their role models", "stars set examples immediately they stepped into the spotlight"]], "questions": ["What are the major reasons for the teens to imitate stars?   _  .", "The author writes the passage mainly to advise the teenagers to  _  .", "It can be inferred from the passage that  ."], "article": "Who is your role model? Normally the answer to this question would be anyone around you who you find truly inspiring. It could also be someone like J. K. Rowling or Martin Luther King Jr. who have proven to be strong and intelligent people.\nHowever, in today's world, stars are regarded as role models along with the heroes listed above, despite their intentions or actions. Teens attempt to imitate their actions for two major reasons. First, to be fashionable and accepted by popular culture, and second>>because stars' actions are so well documented by the media that it seems to grab our attention and turns it to following stars' lives. Much of the reports about stars is shocking and exhibits bad morals or lifestyles that aren't right for teenagers. In addition, almost everything stars do is described beyond truth to make a shocking story by taking it to the next level.\nHowever, teens must take responsibility for their actions. We can't always blame stars for influencing us. Only you have control over yourself and only you choose to do something. Our bodies and actions are in the hands of no one else.\nNow, who ever said stars are role models? Whether they choose to be or not, stars set examples as soon as they step into the spotlight. With reporters following and recording every move they make, it is impossible not to be watched and then be imitated. These people influence, teens whether or not they want to. Why should someone who doesn't want to be setting an example set one? So,should we look up to them or to people who are true and good role models? It's our responsibility as teens to know right from wrong, and it's time for us to take responsibility for our actions. In doing so,we will lean toward those inspiring people that want to be setting an example, and follow in their steps to be like them.", "id": "high603.txt"}