{"answers": ["A", "D", "C", "B"], "options": [["The Imperfectionists", "A Visit from the Goon Squad", "Just Kids", "Life"], ["Freedom by Jonathan Franzen", "Unbroken by Laura Hillenbrand", "The Imperfections by Tom Rachman", "Cleopatra: A Life by Stacy Schiff"], ["Life", "Cleopatra: A Life", "Freedom", "A Visit from the Goon Squad"], ["Stacy Schiff is an archaeologist", "the critic finds the character in the book very real", "the critic speaks highly of Cleopatra in history", "Stacy Schiff tells a story about an imaginary Egyptian queen"]], "questions": ["The following books are related to music EXCEPT  _  .", "If your major is the history of ancient Africa, you may pay attention to   _  .", "Which book will give you a practical understanding of the USA?", "The last sentence of the passage implies that   _  ."], "article": "In December,2010,many American newspapers publish a list of the best books of the year. Freedom by Jonathan Franzen is one of the most repeatedly praised books on this year's list of favorites. It tells about the ups and downs of the Berglund family over many years. Mr.Franzen fills the book with sharp observations about American politics, culture and society.\nJennifer Egan's book A Visit from the Goon Squad takes place in 13 chapters over 40 years. The story moves back and forth in time,from different viewpoints. One main character is former rock musician Bennie Salazar who works for a record company. The other main character is a troubled young woman named Sasha who works for Bennie. The reader learns about their pasts and those of their friends.\nThe main character in The Imperfectionists by Tom Rachman is a failing English Language newspaper published in Rome,Italy. Each chapter of the book tells about a reporter or editor working for this paper. Their stories are filled with intelligence and great personality.\nTwo of the most popular nonfiction books of 2010 were about rock and roll stars. Just Kids is by rock singer Patti Smith. It tells about her friendship with the artist Robert Mapplethorpe in the 1960s and 1970s before they became famous. Life is the autobiography of Rolling Stones guitarist Keith Richards. It is an honest and exciting look at the development of rock and roll and the wild times this famous band has experienced.\nUnbroken by Laura Hillenbrand tells about a man named Louis Zamperini. She tells about his extraordinary survival story after his plane crashed into the Pacific Ocean during Would War Two.\nStacy Schiff has received great praise for her book Cleopatra: A Life. It tells about one of the most misrepresented and famous women in his story, Cleopatra. She ruled ancient Egypt about 2,000 years ago. One critic said Ms. Schiff has brought Cleopatra to life again by unearthing her story from centuries of lies.", "id": "high6038.txt"}