{"answers": ["A", "D", "C"], "options": [["easily makes teenagers lead to insomnia", "is the origin of their insomnia", "provides them with plenty of time at night", "is helpful to improve their concentration"], ["It is nothing and shouldn't be taken seriously.", "It can release their stress or anxiety.", "Emotional problems are the only way to form nightmares.", "People will suffer from sleep if frequent."], ["Drinking some coffee before going to bed.", "Playing video game or watching TV from time to time.", "Turning to a doctor for help.", "Eating much medicine for insomnia."]], "questions": ["The Teenagers' biological clock   _  .", "What does the writer say about \"nightmares\"?", "Which way can help to get rid of insomnia?"], "article": "It is not unusual to see your desk-mate yawn   as he complains that he didn't have a good sleep the night before. Many teens don't get enough sleep because they have too much homework, which keeps them up at night. Some teens cannot sleep at night even when they want to.\nStudies show that during your teenage years, the body's biological clock is reset, telling you to sleep later at night and wake up later in the morning.\nBut changes in the body clock aren't the only reason teens lose sleep. Lots of people have insomnia  . The most common cause of insomnia is stress. But all sorts of things can lead to insomnia. These include physical discomfort, emotional troubles and even sleeping environment. It's common for everyone to have insomnia from time to time. But if it lasts for a month or more go and see a doctor.\nSome people have a condition that causes stomach acid   to move backward towards the chest. This produces the uncomfortable, burning feeling called heartburn. So even if the person doesn't notice the feelings of heartburn because he is sleeping, he may feel tired the next day.\nMost teens have nightmares sometimes. But, if they are frequent, a person's sleep pattern can be seriously affected. The most common cause of nightmares is emotional problems, such as stress   or anxiety. If you have them a lot, it's a good idea to talk to a doctor.\nDoctors encourage teens to make lifestyle changes to develop good sleeping habits. You probably know that coffee can keep you awake, but did you know that playing video games or watching TV does the same?", "id": "high6050.txt"}