{"answers": ["C", "D"], "options": [["They don't intend to hurt other people.", "They expect others to forgive them.", "They don't want to be considered weak.", "They aren't good at expressing themselves."], ["Other people won't pay attention to you.", "You will lose confidence in yourself.", "You won't be forgiven even if you tell the truth.", "The friendship will get hurt and go worse."]], "questions": ["Why are men more unwilling to make apologies?", "What bad effect will there be if you refuse to apologize for your mistakes?"], "article": "There is a problem each of us faces in following advice on emotional healing: apologizing is difficult. We are trapped in what we think of ourselves by holding onto our pride. We can be selfish and not willing to admit our most obvious mistakes. Pride eats away at us as we argue or ignore the mistake.\nIt's happened to me. I have had too much pride and selfishness to apologize to a loved one I hurt. When I did want to apologize, I couldn't bring myself to face the other person. This is the pride I'm talking about. Maybe apologies come difficult for men because they're expected to be dominant. It's like the joke that a man never asks for directions when lost. Ladies are more emotionally open than guys and are willing to express it. Still, both genders wonder how to correctly apologize.\nIn shifting the focus on apologizing away from you, what does not apologizing do to other people? They feel hurt that you are not willing to communicate your mistake. They lose trust in you as you hide behind your mistake avoiding reality. They become angry with you, wondering why you do not tell them the truth. They may begin to counter your lack of apologies by not apologizing themselves and from this the relationship goes downhill as the two of you get caught in a power struggle.\nYou need to communicate your mistakes. A mistake you made is like a scratch and by not apologizing you are making the scratch a deeper wound and rubbing salt into it. You need to stop hurting the other person and yourself by learning to apologize. There is real power in apologizing and emotional healing.", "id": "high6059.txt"}