{"answers": ["C", "D", "A"], "options": [["free students from outside pressures", "set the standards and rules on his own", "be responsible for a well-organized class", "focus more on instruction and evaluation"], ["rules cannot be changed once they're formed", "outside pressures can not cause tension among students", "if the teacher well unites his students, he then will finish his task", "if rules are not acceptable both to students and teachers, the classroom can be a mess"], ["To provide information for teaching.", "To show the importance of teaching a class.", "To study the teacher's behavior in the classroom.", "To compare the teacher's behavior with the students' in class."]], "questions": ["According to the author, the teacher should   _  .", "From the passage we can learn that   _  .", "What is the author's main purpose of writing the passage?"], "article": "Teaching is more than leadership. Some of the teacher's time and effort is directed toward instruction, some toward evaluation. But it is the teacher as a group leader who creates an effective organizational structure and good working environment so that instruction and evaluation activities can take place. A group that is totally disorganized, unclear about its goals, or constantly fighting among its members will not be a good learning group. The leadership pattern includes helping to form and _ a positive learning environment so that instruction and evaluation activities can take place.\nOn the first day of class, the teacher faces a room filled with individuals. Perhaps a few closely united groups and friendships already exist. But there is no sense of group unity, no set of rules for conduct in the group, no feeling of belonging. If teachers are successful leaders, they will help students develop a system of relationships that encourages working together.\nStandards and rules must be set to keep order, make sure of justice and protect individual rights, but do not contradict school policy. What happens when one student hurts another's individual rights? Without clear regulations agreeable to the students and teachers, the classroom can become chaotic. Students may break rules they did not know existed. If standards are set without participation from the class, students may spend a great deal of creative energy in destroying the class environment or finding ways to break rules.\nNo matter how skillful the teacher is in uniting students and creating a positive atmosphere, the task is never complete. Regular maintenance is necessary. Conflicts arise. The needs of individual members change. A new kind of learning task requires a new organizational structure. Sometimes outside pressures such as holidays, upcoming tests or sport competitions, or family troubles cause stress in the classroom. One task for the teacher is to recreate a positive environment by helping students deal with conflict, change, and stress.", "id": "high6082.txt"}