{"answers": ["B", "D", "B"], "options": [["Home prices have been extremely high since early 2009.", "In the modern society, women don't want to be independent.", "Chinese government has already done something to control home prices.", "Lots of Chinese young men couldn't get married because of their economic capability."], ["Because they can't afford a house.", "Because they enjoy their social welfare.", "Because their families want them to marry men with houses.", "Because they think it's a symbol of the men's sense of responsibility."], ["new couples in those countries like to rent houses", "the situation is different in some foreign countries", "it's better to live in those countries than live in China", "their governments have done more than Chinese government"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is Not True according to the text?", "Why do many women take housing as one of the main requirements for marriage?", "The author uses the examples of European countries, America and Japan to show that   _  ?"], "article": "Is it necessary for a young man to have an apartment as a prerequisite  for marriage? Housing has become a major obstacle  for Chinese young men hoping to start a family. China may breed a new group of bachelors, men caught in the trap of unaffordable houses.\nSince early 2009, the housing market has once again become a hot pot at boiling point. Even with allowance  and special government policies, home prices in China's first-tier cities such as Beijing and Shanghai are riding the crest of a rising wave. According to the \"2010 China Marital Status Report\" released on Dec 15, 2010, about 70 percent of women interviewed said that housing, a stable income and some savings were the main requirements for marriage.\nFrom the report, we can see that housing is given top priority  and that women see an apartment as essential  to show that the man is responsible and can provide for his family.\nPersonality and morals lay outside the top three matrimonial  requirements. Some women and their families hold the traditional position and take it for granted that the home issue should be the man's responsibility, which doesn't agree with the contemporary independent spirit of women and gender equality. These marriage values reflect the fact that many women consider marriage another form of \"social welfare\".\nThings may be different overseas. Social housing, provided by European authorities, offer the less wealthy people their own piece of real estate. Such housing is usually apartments in tall buildings with 10 or more floors on the _ of town, whose main advantage is the low rents.\nFor many Americans, houses don't pose an obstacle to getting married. They often buy a house after the wedding, because more and more people are reconsidering their real estate worship, and going back to a more rational  mode of consumption.\nIn Japan, renting is the custom for newly married young couples. Few young couples can afford to purchase property. Up to 67.1 percent of young couples choose to rent. Generally speaking, renters account for most people younger than 40 in Japan.\nYoung people should be free to enjoy being young, without the huge pressure of trying to buy property. Society should help create an environment for them to grow up. Don't let the poor bachelor group become a suffering layer  of our society.", "id": "high6116.txt"}