{"answers": ["C", "A", "B"], "options": [["It offers you a lot of travel information.", "It tells tourists where the cheap hotels are.", "The photos on the site are really reliable.", "The representatives of Oyster.com are enthusiastic."], ["You can accept their services for free.", "You can book the most modern hotels.", "You can make many friends through the social network.", "You can find the cheapest tour description and direction."], ["Virtualtourist.com gives you a chance to chat with a travel agent", "you'll get answers to your travel questions at Virtualtourist.com", "the Bureau of Consular Affairs is in charge of Travel.state.gov", "if you lose your passport you'll get help from Virtualtourist.com"]], "questions": ["What is the characteristic of Oyster.com?", "What is the biggest benefit of your visiting Skyscanner.net?", "We can learn from this passage that   _  ."], "article": "Do you want to go out of town for a bit of rest and relaxation? Before you start packing, visit these best travel sites for vacationers. In my opinion, they help people deal with common problems that pop up during a trip.\nOyster.com\nBased on the advertised photos, the hotel you are considering appears to be clean and modern. Take a second look through the eyes of Oyster.com. Their representatives inspect resort areas and post the real images uncovering marketing lies. You see ACTUAL pictures of the rooms, attractions and beautiful beaches.\nSkyscanner.net\nAre you planning to travel on a budget? Discover the best deals for flights, hotels and car rentals at Skyscanner.net. They offer reasonable and comprehensive travel comparison. The best part is that their services are free. You don't have to sign up, provide personal information or go through a social network.\nVirtualtourist.com\nChat with someone other than a travel agent about a location. At Virtualtourist.com, fellow travelers and locals talk about their experiences in specific areas. This site is set up like a forum , so you can ask questions and get answers in the comfort of your own home. Find out where to eat, play and get pleasure in a place without getting food poison or robbed by criminals.\nTravel.state.gov\nUnfortunately, Americans get into trouble abroad sometimes. Prepare for possible emergencies by visiting Travel.state.gov. There, the Bureau of Consular Affairs offers advice on how to handle the bad things that happen to good people in other countries. You learn what to do in the case of child abduction , a lost passport and illness. In addition, these officials post travel warnings regarding dangerous regions and why foreigners should avoid them.\nAre you ready to do your homework? Prepare for your departure by checking out these best travel sites for vacationers. Learn what you need to know now before walking out of the door.", "id": "high6124.txt"}