{"answers": ["D", "A"], "options": [["they are lazy", "they don't learn", "they don't have the qualities mentioned", "they don't develop their abilities"], ["Learn to be a leader.", "Everyone can be a leader.", "Leadership characteristics.", "Leadership is something that is learned."]], "questions": ["Not everyone can be a leader because  _  .", "What is the best title for this passage?"], "article": "Today's youth seem content to take the easy route and enjoy the ride of life. When tough situations arise, they often get annoyed and complain. How you live your teen years will have a profound influence on the rest of your life.\nYou must learn to use your time wisely. You may not see it now, but developing leadership characteristics at a young age is very important. As we get older, it becomes harder to overcome bad habits and replace them with good ones. Possessing leadership     qualities  is essential, both in this life and in the world to come. There are certain qualities that one needs to develop in order to become a leader: justice, judgment, dependability, initiative, decisiveness, tact, integrity, enthusiasm, poise, unselfishness, courage, knowledge and loyalty. You may recognize these as good qualities to have, without realizing how they apply to leadership. The more these qualities are part of your nature, the more productive and enjoyable your life will be. All of these are qualities that one must possess to one degree or another.\nContrary to popular opinion, leadership  is something    that is learned. No one is born a leader. We are all capable of exhibiting the   leadership qualities mentioned above -- some just choose not to. Of course, not  veryone can be the \"top dog\", _ . However, everyone does have the capacity to lead in some way -- but action is required! Understand that learning is a fact of life--learning to ride a bike, learning to drive, learning to type, learning mathematics, etc. All of these activities require action. While we are born with many different abilities, if we do not use and develop them, those abilities will never come to fruition. Youth is an excellent time to start developing leadership characteristics. Take the time to study each one in detail. Put them into practice as you interact with other people. Determine which areas you are weak in, striving to always improve. Observe the leaders, and how     they handle situations and   carry themselves. Also, study the lives of great leaders. The results will serve you in this life -- and beyond!", "id": "high6139.txt"}