{"answers": ["D", "C", "D", "B"], "options": [["The Best Way to Get News", "The Changes of Media", "Make Your Own Newspaper", "The Future of Newspaper"], ["more big political affairs, wars and disasters will make news", "newspapers will not be printed in publishing houses any longer", "newspapers will cover more scientific research", "more and more people will watch TV"], ["Sports and international news.", "A menu of important news.", "The most Important news.", "what you are interested in."], ["newspapers will win the competition among the different meclia", "newspapers will stay with us together with other media", "television will take the place of newspaper", "the writer believe some media will die out"]], "questions": ["What is the best title for the passage?", "In the writer's opinion, in the future,   _  .", "What will probably be on in the newspaper made by yourself?", "From the passage, we can infer   _  ."], "article": "\"If there is one thing I'm sure about, it is that m a hundred years from now we will still be reading newspapers. It is not that newspapers are a necessity. Even now some people get  most of their news from television or radio. Many buy a paper only on Saturday or Sunday. But for most people reading a newspaper has become a habit passed down from generation to generation.\nThe nature of what is news may change .What basically makes news is what affects our lives - the big political stories, the coverage of the wars, earthquakes and other disasters, will continue much the same. I think there will be more coverage of scientific research, though .It's already happening in areas that may directly affect our lives, like genetic  engineering. In the future, I think  there will be more coverage of scientific explanations of why we feel as we do - as we develop a better understanding of how the brain operates  and what our feelings really are.\nIt's quite possible that in the next century newspapers will be transmitted electronically from Fleet Street and printed out in our own home. In fact ,I'm pretty sure  how it will happen m the future. You will probably be able to choose from a menu, making up your own newspaper by picking out the things you want to read - sports and international news, etc.\nI think people have got it wrong when they talk about competition between the different media .They actually _ each  other.  Some people once foresaw that television would kill off newspapers, but that hasn't happened. What is read on the printed page lasts longer than pictures on a screen or sound lost in the air. And as for the Internet. it's never really pleasant to read something just on a screen.", "id": "high6144.txt"}