{"answers": ["D", "D", "B"], "options": [["The Georgia Aquarium", "Fernbank Science Center", "The Atlanta History Center", "The Margaret Mitchell House and Museum"], ["exhibition of folk arts", "pictures of sea animals", "collections of the civil war", "paintings with the Coca-Cola image"], ["Coca-Cola is popular with young visitors", "most tourists want to visit the Georgia Aquarium", "Science Center was set up by the local community", "Atlanta museums mainly focus on art and literatur"]], "questions": ["Visitors interested in literature will probably go to   _  .", "Visitors who go to Pop Culture Gallery can see   _  .", "We can learn from the passage that   _  ."], "article": "Museums in Atlanta\nAtlanta, Georgia is a great place for visitors seeking a little culture. There are Atlanta museums of all kinds, to interest adults and children. The history of the area is a fascinating one and it is documented in many of the museums. There are also collections of art and science based institutions and displays from the natural world.\nThe city is famous for many reasons, one of them being the World of Coca-Cola Museum. It's a worldwide product with a long history and the collection contains memorabilia  and handmade objects. Some of the documents go back to 1905. Visitors can see how a bottling _ operates and there are films about the history of the company. This Atlanta museum has a Pop Culture Gallery that shows paintings with the Coca-Cola image. At the end of the tour, visitors can buy a souvenir at the gift store.\nThe Atlanta History Center,established in 1926, is most well-known for its civil war collection. There is also the exhibition of folk arts and the displays on the history of golf in the US.\nThe state is also proud of its famous daughter, novelist Margaret Mitchell. The Margaret Mitchell House and Museum was founded in the house that the author shared with her husband from 1925 until 1932. It was here that she wrote her great book, Gone with the Wind. Much of this Atlanta museum is focused on the 1939 Hollywood film of the book.\nFamilies and school outings are fortunate in having the Fernbank Science Center. It serves the local educational community and the public also enjoys the displays. There are a wide variety of exhibitions, including a collection of dinosaur skeletons, an electron microscope and a Apollo spacecraft. The museum also has an impressive botanical collection.\nThe Georgia Aquarium  is the largest one in the world and almost all the tourists place it high on their travel plan when visiting the city. There are numerous species to see and learn about. The highlights include whale sharks, electric fish,  Japanese spider crabs, Californian sea lions and African black-footed penguins.\nAtlanta museums have something for everyone and will never disappoint you.", "id": "high6146.txt"}