{"answers": ["D", "B"], "options": [["Promoting services.", "Training employees.", "Consuming fossil fuels.", "Developing new resources."], ["discuss eco-friendly services", "introduce promising career chances", "suggest ways of saving energy at work", "explain the best method of finding jobs"]], "questions": ["Which of the following probably creates green-collar jobs?", "The passage is written to   _  ."], "article": "Going Green\nFor career  changers thinking about growth and advancement potential, forget the blue-collar and white-collar categories: Green is the way to go. According to Bracken Hendricks, a senior fellow at the Center for Global Progress, careers that promote environmental responsibility will become main stream within a decade. \"The growth in green careers will be like the Internet boom, which not only created new jobs, but also had an influence on the overall economy ,\" he says.\nThe increasing environmental problems and need for eco-friendly products and services are creating a new job section of green-collar jobs. Many countries of the world have realized the importance and need for energy-saving products and services. It is expected that by 2025 about 25% of the jobs in developed countries will be of green-collar jobs. Doesn't the data look promising for the future?\nGreen-collar jobs have become a bright career chances for all. And jobs will pop up at every income level, from environmental manager to gardener. For example, many countries including the United States have understood that fossil fuels have negative effect on the environment which can later become a serious danger to mankind. As a result, possibilities are being explored to find alternatives to satisfy demands in a better way. The increasing demand of newer resources  has creating the need for experts and researchers who can find better ways to deal with the ongoing needs. In addition, in order to meet the increasing demands of environment-friendly equipment, both green product designer and educated and trained workers are needed. Management of environmental organizations also demands a large number of environmental managers.\nWhere can you find green-collar jobs? Internet is undoubtedly the best way to find information on almost any matter. Nowadays, different kinds of jobs are being posted online. Search through a couple of job websites to look for a bright future in energy conversion and recycling of waste management. Check regularly and find the right work for yourself. People who read newspapers can also find different kinds of green-collar jobs.", "id": "high6147.txt"}