{"answers": ["B", "B", "A", "C"], "options": [["you feel others do better than you", "can go into your soul without being noticed", "positive enough to make yourself do better", "makes you as worthy as the person you're envying"], ["you can further your own success and happiness", "things in the world are various", "the entire population of your city is applying for your job", "you're worthless compared to anyone else"], ["When your coworker gets the promotion you wanted.", "When you buy your first car.", "When you are surrounded by loving family and friends.", "When your friend become an artist."], ["Jealousy is a bad feeling.", "Jealousy may influence your life and relationship.", "What should we do when Jealousy arises?", "Why we must keep away from Jealousy?"]], "questions": ["Jealousy is an emotion that   _  .", "We should appreciate that others can do what you can't, because   _  .", "When will you probably be Jealous of someone?", "What is the main idea of the passage?"], "article": "Jealousy   is a horrible feeling that weeds its way into your life and relationships before you know it. You might want something someone else has, or feel like they're happier than you. It might seem like an uncontrollable emotion, but it's truly not!\nRemember your big accomplishments. If your coworker gets the promotion you wanted, it doesn't mean you haven't done great work. List out your accomplishments and think about how you got them and what you've done since then. You'll quickly find that you're just as worthy as the person you're envying!\nAppreciate your own good fortune. Think of where you are in your life and how you got there. Did you just buy your first car? Are you able to save one paycheck each month? Are you surrounded by loving family and amazing friends? You have a lot of good things,and you have a lot of good fortune coming your way. Stop letting jealousy eat you alive and realize that you can better spend that energy on furthering your own success and happiness.\nAppreciate that others can do what you can't. How boring would life be if everyone was the same? What if the entire population of your city was applying for your job, and they all had the same qualifications? Appreciate that everyone is different. Some people are better in powerful management positions, while maybe you're better working with people. A friend might be an excellent artist--a quality you're envious of, but don't forget that you're a great musician! Acknowledge that people need to be different, need to be better at various things.", "id": "high6161.txt"}