{"answers": ["B", "D"], "options": [["taking jobs outside home", "working as pilots or astronauts", "educating their children at home", "operating machines at home"], ["Women working out of houses", "Women fighting against biases", "Women getting larger income", "Women aiming high in careers"]], "questions": ["It can be inferred that in the past it was surprising to see women  _  .", "What's the best title for the passage?"], "article": "Women nowadays do not just want to work to help meet the rising costs of living and education for their children. They also want a career that will enable them to bring out their skills and use their potentials so that they can experience a sense of fulfillment and pride that come from achievements and success. Some careers that have been traditionally dominated by the male species have been made open and filled up by women as well. It is no longer a surprising occurrence today to see many women working as pilots, astronauts, engineers, in construction sites, and in the printing business that operates hightech machines.\nMany women are also taking their chances on managerial and executive positions that mostly men are the ones sitting on. Many of them also do well in the line of education as teachers, deans and even presidents of universities. You can also see many women as lecturers and reviewers of different businesses. One example is that of the online printing company reviews where women usually have a say on what is the best choice for online printers for any marketing needs.\nFrom the income that women are getting from their work, they are able to maintain a family and able to provide a better education for their children and able to enjoy a comfortable lifestyle.\nHowever, there are still pronounced biases   against women in high leadership positions. There still exists the socalled genderrole stereotyping. Women need help to cope with and manage the typical stereotyping of women workers and managers. Those who look for jobs advertised in the classified sections of the newspaper often discover that many corporate positions are closed to women. And most often than not, many give preference to men by indicating in their ads phrases such as \"male preferred\" or \"male applicants only\". Even in some family run or owned corporations, seldom can you see women managers and presidents.\nSurveys show that although a man and a woman have the same level or handle the same position in an organization, the man would get a higher or bigger compensation package  compared to women.  Because of this, many women are just contented,to be in _ positions in finance, human resources, sales, manufacturing and other supportive roles.\nThere are still other barriers that prevent women from reaching their full potentials in the world of employment. Our culture does not encourage women to excel in government and in businessrelated jobs. Women who are able to make it on top and handle leadership roles are sometimes regarded merely as tokens. The abilities and skills of women are normally questioned by their own peers, and sadly even by other women.\nIf you are a woman who have the interest, ability and drive to pursue management careers,career counseling is of great help to help you find direction and increase motivation to pursue your career goals. It will help you have the selfconfidence to get you in the same career opportunities open to men in this society that still prefers men for top level positions.", "id": "high6165.txt"}