{"answers": ["B", "B", "C"], "options": [["ask for help from his neighbors", "give a hand to those in need of help", "require his neighbors to clear the snow", "raise money for the old people in his community"], ["Few people were willing to help out.", "The snow was unexpectedly heavy.", "Most residents in the community are elderly people.", "The community was completely cut off from the outside world."], ["express thanks", "lend a hand", "show appreciation", "ask for help"]], "questions": ["The author's brother wrote the letter to   _  .", "What can we learn from the text?", "One of their neighbors sent email to the author's brother to   _  ."], "article": "Last Sunday, I waked into the house in the afternoon to find my brother rushing around in a hurry. As soon as I took my coat off, my little brother placed a bunch of papers in my hands and asked me to fold them up so they could fit into an envelope as quickly as possible. He said it needed to get done quickly before it turned dark.\nI was a little surprised that something could be so urgent on a Sunday. It wasn't until I was halfway through that I actually looked at what I was folding. After I read it, it put the biggest smile on my face. It was a lovely letter to all the residents  in my neighborhood. My brother was asking everyone to let him know if anyone needed help. He left his contact information and said that anyone that needed help should get in touch with him and he would figure something out. He also asked people to get in touch if they were able to help out.\nLondon received an unusual amount of snow last week, and the city was completely under- prepared for it. So it was quite difficult to get anywhere. Only the major roads had been cleared, and smaller roads and pavements could be quite _ . There are a good number of old people in our little community. So my brother thought that the snow may have posed  some difficulty for some of them, particularly because we live on a hill.\nA few elderly people got in touch with him asking for help for things they needed. One of them was especially grateful because his caregiver couldn't make it. To our surprise, he got more responses from people offering to help. Then he received help from people who wanted to help. Everyone was really touched and wrote to my brother wonderful email. One of our neighbors wrote email saying that although she wasn't able to help, she was \"very proud of having a neighbor like him who puts other people's interests first.\"", "id": "high617.txt"}