{"answers": ["B", "C", "C"], "options": [["To blame the team for losing the game.", "To tell the readers about the feeling after losing the game", "To explain why they played poorly in the game.", "To blame Yao Ming and T--Mac for being absent from the game."], ["Tough", "Relaxing", "Terrible", "Efficient"], ["blog", "telephone message", "note", "interview"]], "questions": ["What is the passage mainly about?", "How do you think the writer might describe his performance that night?", "The text most probably comes from the writer's   _   ."], "article": "One of the worst feelings you have as a professional athlete is the feeling after losing a game to a team that you should have beaten. That happened last night against the lowly Boston Celtics. They had only won 13 games the whole year and were really struggling. We had just come off a very good win against the Orlando Magic on the road and were feeling good about ourselves.\nThe day did not start out good for us when we learned that T-Mac was going to miss the game with the flu. When you lose your best players (Yao, T-Mac) everyone must play a little harder and do a little bit more on the floor. We inserted Bonzi Wells into the lineup (he was the only one to have a good game for us), in place of T-Mac.\nIt was a nasty game. We are usually one of the best three point shooting teams in the NBA and we only made 1 of 22 three point shots! I have never seen that happen. Never! Rafer Alston, Luther Head, and me combined to shoot 5 of 33 from the field. Ouch! You aren't going to win too many games like that. Even as poorly as we shot the ball, we STILL had a chance to win the game in the fourth quarter but failed to make the winning plays that you must make to leave the floor victorious.\nIn the locker room after the game, everybody felt terrible. When we play a bad game, we feel that we let our teammates down. There is a bad feeling in the pit of your stomach when you leave the gym and you just want to go home and not talk to anyone. It is a terrible feeling, but it is a feeling that makes you want to try harder and do better the next time.\nI'll talk to you guys later.\nShane", "id": "high6258.txt"}