{"answers": ["B", "C", "D", "D", "B"], "options": [["how U.S. workers spend their after-work time", "what U.S. workers do at after-work drinks", "the relationships between U.S. workers", "who are most likely to attend after-work drinks"], ["4 percent", "8 percent", "16 percent", "10 percent"], ["benefited them a lot", "could provide information", "only made them relaxed", "was of no help to them"], ["workers over 55 don't like to attend happy hours at all", "about 75% of workers go more than once a month", "10.5% of male workers attend happy hours with co-workers", "about 700 workers surveyed shared a secret about a co-worker"], ["all the workers oppose after-work drinks", "the workers may change their attitudes towards after-work drinks", "all the workers support after-work drinks", "all the workers are suggested going to attend after-work drinks"]], "questions": ["Harris Interactive made the survey to find out  _  .", "_  of workers who attend after-work drinks speak ill of a colleague.", "According to the passage, most of those surveyed believed attending after-work drinks  _  .", "We can learn from the text that  _  .", "After the survey, it can be inferred that  _  ."], "article": "NEW YORK---One in five U.S. workers regularly attends after-work drinks with coworkers, where the most common mishaps range from badmouthing another worker to drinking too much, according to a study released on Tuesday.\nMost workers attend so-called happy hours to bond with colleagues, although 15 percent go to hear the latest office gossip and 13 percent go because they feel necessary, said the survey conducted for CareerBuilder. com, an online job site. As to what happens when the after-work drinks flow, 16 percent reported bad-mouthing a colleague, 10 percent shared a secret about a colleague and 8 percent said they drank too much and acted unprofessionally. Five percent said they had shared a secret about the company, and 4 percent confessed to singing karaoke. While 21 percent of those who attended said happy hours were good for networking, 85 percent said attending had not helped them get closer to someone higher up or get a better position. An equal number of men and women said they attended happy hours with co-workers, with younger workers aged 25 to 34 most likely and workers over 55 least likely to attend. Overall, 21 percent of workers attend happy hours with co-workers and of those nearly a quarter go at least once a month.\nThe survey was conducted online by Harris Interactive on behalf of CareerBuilder. Com among 6,987 full-time employees between February 11 and March 13. Harris Interactive said the results had a sampling error of plus or minus 1.2 percentage points.", "id": "high627.txt"}