{"answers": ["D", "A", "C", "D"], "options": [["Ultimate Bugopedia", "Beyond the Solar System", "Journey Into the Invisible", "Scaly Spotted Feathered Frilled"], ["space exploration", "the Milky Way", "history lessons", "Albert Einstein's universe"], ["butterflies are fond of the tears of Asian cattle", "scientists have discovered the dinosaur's coloring", "microscopes can present you with an amazing world", "man has explored the black hole for thousands of years"], ["compare features of different books", "inspire people to become scientists", "teach children some knowledge of science", "recommend new science books to children"]], "questions": ["Kids interested in pre-historical animals might read   _  .", "Beyond the Solar System is mainly about   _  .", "From the passage, we can learn that   _  .", "The main purpose of the passage is to   _  ."], "article": "There is a lot of talk these days about how kids should be interested in science. Here's an area of science for everyone, and these cool new books might inspire you to discover your inner scientist.\nScaly Spotted Feathered Frilled by Catherine Thimmesh, 58 pages, ages 9-12\nSeeing a picture or a model of a dinosaur, do you wonder how anybody knows what they look like? After all, nobody has seen a living dinosaur. This book explains how scientists and artists work together to re-create dinosaurs. As scientific discoveries have been made, the models have changed. Scientific tests may one day expose what a dinosaur's coloring was, but now artists have to use their imagination to determine how these huge creatures looked.\nBeyond the Solar System by Mary Kay Carson, 128 pages, ages 10-13\nThis book takes readers back to the beginnings of space exploration--thousands of years ago, when people began star observation--and forward to today's search for planets in distant parts of the Milky Way. Along with history lessons, readers get 21 activities, such as making a black hole and creating a model of Albert Einstein's universe using a T-shirt. The activities are perfect for cold winter days.\nUltimate Bugopedia by Darlyne Murawski and Nancy Honovich, 272 pages, ages 7 and older\nIf you're always on the lookout for butterflies, this book is for you. Hundreds of color photos of common and unusual insects fill this hardcover. There are fascinating stories related to the photos. For example, do you know an insect feeds on the tears of Asian cattle? There's a question-and-answer section with an insect scientist and advice on how to help preserve endangered insects.\nJourney Into the Invisible by Christine Schlitt, 80 pages, ages 9-12\nIf you use a magnifying glass, you know a leaf looks quite different. This book explains what microscopes do and then shows what happens to things around the house when watched with this amazing scientific tool. The bacteria in your mouth, when magnified 20,000 times, look a bit like swimming pool noodles. Fascinating photos are paired with suggestions about how to learn about the world around you, just by looking a little closer.", "id": "high6278.txt"}