{"answers": ["C", "A"], "options": [["the visual attraction", "the powerful sounds", "the physical laws behind", "the lovely creatures"], ["present a special way of seeing beauty", "emphasize the influence of physics", "discuss the awareness of cross-culture", "argue the traditional ideas on value"]], "questions": ["When appreciating a wave crashing on the beach,a physicist sees the beauty of  _  .", "The passage is mainly to  _  ."], "article": "For many centuries,countless scholars have asked the question:What is beauty? As designers update the latest fashions and artists create their masterpieces, what is considered beautiful changes at an alarming pace.\nFifty years ago,the full-figured Marilyn Monroe was a symbol of the American aesthetic value;today,many Hollywood actresses different in appearance from Marilyn's have taken her place. However,aesthetic values not only differ from generation to generation,but do so along cultural lines as well. Often, what is considered disgusting to one civilization is just the aesthetic appeal in another. Thus it is difficult to give an absolute definition of beauty.\nAs fundamental physicists,my colleagues and I like to believe that we are involved in a search for a beauty that affects definition. The beauty that we search for is not what is set up through the work of people and subject to the tastes, but rather what has been laid down by nature Physics allows its students to look past outer appearances,into a deeper beauty. As a human being,I am attracted by the visual appeal of a wave crashing on the beach. As a physicist, however I am able to see the deeper beauty of the physical laws that govern such a phenomenon.\nIn truth,since Albert Einstein put forward the idea that there might be one main physical theory that governs the universe,aesthetics have become a driving force in modern physics. Einstein and other later physicists have discovered that:Nature, as its most fundamental level,is beautifully constructed. The extraordinary simplicity of the laws that govern the universe is really breathtaking . As Einstein said, it would seem more likely that we should find ourselves living in a\"chaotic world,in no way graspable through thinking\". Yet we are now closer than ever to a full understanding of the universe's beautiful clockwork. As new discoveries and technologies allow us to examine the physical world on deeper and deeper levels,we find that the beauty itself becomes much deeper.", "id": "high6320.txt"}