{"answers": ["D", "C", "A"], "options": [["Melissa Hawkinson was a 41-year-old nurse", "it was spring when the accident happened", "Melissa Hawkinson was picking up her five-year-old son", "Melissa Hawkinson was kind and courageous."], ["Warm and ready to help", "Thoughtful", "Kind of cold-blooded", "Not skillful at swimming"], ["To set us thinking what makes people brave.", "To call on us to learn from such people as Hawkinson.", "To remind people of risk while saving others.", "To show people bravery can be learned."]], "questions": ["It can be learned from the passage that   _  .", "How does the writer find other people on the dockside?", "What is the writer's purpose of writing this passage?"], "article": "On a cool November afternoon in Fleming Island, Florida, Melissa Hawkinson, 41, was driving her five-year-old twins home from school when she saw a sudden splash in Doctors Lake just ahead. What was that? She thought. As she drove up to the scene, she saw a half-submerged car sinking about 30 yards offshore. \"It was going down pretty quickly,\" Hawkinson recalls. She stopped the car near the boat ramp and ran toward the water. Water is going to be cold, she thought.\nShe took off her vest and leather boots, got into the icy water, and swam to the car, where she found Cameron Dorsey, five, trapped into his car as the swirling water rose around him.\nHawkinson tried to open the door, but it was locked. So she pushed and pulled hard on the partially open window until she could reach through and unlock the door. She pulled the boy free, swam to shore, and handed him off to onlookers who were only watching them on a dock. The driver, the boy's suicidal father, swam back to land on his own. Afterward, Hawkinson sat on the shore wrapped in a blanket. \"For ten or 15 minutes, I couldn't stop shaking,\" she said.\nThere's nothing visibly extraordinary about Melissa Hawkinson, an energetic stay-at-home mom with brown hair and a sweet smile. Yet something made her different from the dockside onlookers that day. Why do some people act quickly, willing to take a risk for a stranger? What makes them run toward danger rather than away from it? Hawkinson, the Granite Mountain Hotshots (,)---19 of whom lost their life this past summer in Arizona--- every hero who puts his or her life on the line to save another: what makes them brave?\nMoreover, can bravery be learned, or is it a quality with which you are born? The answer is complex. Bravery taps the mind, brain and heart. It comes from instinct, training and sympathy. Today, neurologists, psychologists and other researchers are studying bravery, trying to uncover the mystery.", "id": "high6338.txt"}