{"answers": ["D", "B", "C"], "options": [["To be a science teacher.", "To be an animal expert.", "To be a famous writer.", "To be an underwater explorer."], ["explored the undersea world by ship", "thought of ideas to predict underwater volcanoes", "found some unknown sea animals alone", "set up an organization to teach students science"], ["Ballard's parents felt disappointed at his undersea adventures.", "Ballard didn't like fishing and swimming in his childhood.", "Ballard was greatly influenced by 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea.", "Human beings have explored more than half of the sea."]], "questions": ["What was Ballard's dream when he was young?", "When Ballard worked at Woods Hole Oceanographic Institute, he   _  .", "What can we learn from the text?"], "article": "Robert Ballard was born in 1942. From an early age, he loved the sea. Ballard grew up in Southern California. He spent his free time at the beach near his home. He enjoyed fishing and swimming. He even learned to dive.\nWhen Ballard wasn't at the ocean, he loved reading about it. At age 10, he read 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea, a book which describes the undersea adventures of Captain Nemo. Ballard decided he wanted to be like Captain Nemo when he grew up. His parents helped him follow his dream.\nBallard was a hardworking student. He spent many years learning all he could about the ocean. By the age of 28, he was an expert. In 1970, he took a job as a scientist at Woods Hole Oceanographic Institute in Massachusetts. There he studied underwater mountains of the Atlantic Ocean. He came up with ways to predict volcanoes under the oceans.\nWorking with other scientists, Ballard also found previously unknown sea animals. These animals lived far below the ocean's surface, where scientists had believed no animals could live.\nBy the 1980s, Ballard's interests changed. He developed unmanned vehicles to explore the ocean bottom. His first find, the well-known ship Titanic, made Ballard famous. He was not happy with just one big find, however. He looked for -- and found -- other well-known ships. One was the German battleship Bismarck. Another was the U.S. Yorktown, an aircraft carrier that sank during World War II.\nToday Robert Ballard is still an underwater explorer. He also heads an organization that encourages students to learn about science. Ballard hopes that some of the students will follow in his footsteps. After all, the world's huge oceans are mostly unknown. Who knows what remains to be discovered under the sea?", "id": "high6344.txt"}