{"answers": ["C", "C"], "options": [["he missed the bus.", "he missed a dental appointment..", "he missed a good chance to retire.", "he missed the opportunity seeing his closed relative."], ["A sad love story.", "Memories of a happy family.", "Express your gratitude to your loved ones in words.", "In this life, what did you miss."]], "questions": ["What did the husband miss when his wife was 55?", "What is the passage mainly about?"], "article": "In this life, what did you miss?\nThe wife asked the husband when she was 25. Despondently, the husband replied: 'I missed a new job opportunity.' When she was 35, the husband angrily told her that he had just missed the bus. At 45, the husband sadly said: 'I missed the opportunity seeing my closed relative before his last breath.' At 55, the husband said disappointingly: 'I missed a good chance to retire.' At 65, the husband hurriedly replied: 'I missed a dental appointment.' At 75, the wife did not ask the husband anymore, the husband was kneeling in front of the very sick wife. Remembering the question the wife used to ask him, this time he asked the wife the same question. The wife, with a smile and peaceful look, replied: 'In this life, I did not miss having you!' The husband was full of tears. He always thought that they could be together forever. He was always busy with work and trifles. So much so he had never been thoughtful to his wife. The husband hugged the wife tightly and said: 'Over 50 years, how I had allowed myself to miss your deep love for me.'\nIn the busy city life, there are many people who are always busy with work. These people revolve their lives around their jobs, these people sacrifice all their times and health to meet the social expectations. They are unwilling to spend times on health care. They miss the opportunity to be with their children in their growing up. They neglect the loved ones who care for them, and also their health. Nobody knows what is going to happen one year from now.\nLife is not _ , so always live in the now. Express your gratitude to your loved ones in words. Show your care with actions. Treat everyday as the last episode of life. In this way, when you are gone, you loved ones would have nothing to feel sorry about.", "id": "high6363.txt"}