{"answers": ["B", "C", "C"], "options": [["it usually takes too much time", "he is tired of making preparations too much for holidays", "it is far less enjoyable than breaks planned in advance", "he feels embarrassed when other people are having fun but he isn't"], ["pretend to enjoy their holiday", "fail to relax while they are on holiday", "feel that the benefits of going on holidays are limited", "have made the some decision as the writer and most of his friends"], ["damage the reputation of the magazine", "prove his idea to be more popular than expected", "indicate that his dislike of holidays is widely shared", "foucs entirely on bad personal experiences of holidays"]], "questions": ["The reason why the writer dislikes going on holidays is that  _  .", "We can learn from the survey that a lot of people  _  .", "The writer takes the book of Awful Holidays as an example to  _  ."], "article": "It is a wonderful morning,as I write this:hot,but without being too hot. Outside my window,I can see the sunniest sky of the year reflected in a huge natural expand of water. It is the kind of sun that makes you well aware of summer's temporary nature --a reminder that if I am ever to go around to book this year's holiday,time is running out .\nIt is now close to four years since I last took a holiday. This is because I have come to the conclusion, over the course of my adult life, that I am not very good at it. _ What could possibly be difficult about the natural act of putting your working life on hold for a couple of weeks and going somewhere to do nothing?\nSo what is my problem? On the surface, I'm probably a bit of homebody. And I just find the pressure of being on holidy too severe: it always feels like having a gun held to my head and being forced to have fun. Somehow, packing a carefully itemized list of possessions and meeting a scheduled flight has none of the excitement of suddenly deciding to take a day off and driving somewhere for the fun of it.\nThankfully, I am not alone. This summer, most of my friends have decided not to have a break. And a recent survey highlighted the downside of holidays, with the results shoeing that nearly two thirds of people found that the calming effects of a holiday wore off within 24 hours, as stress levels returned to normal. And this year's the Idler magazine published its book of awful holidays .Here you will find a list of the five most ecologically--damaging vacations it's possible to take, along with 50 horrible holidays experiences voted for on the idler website. Over the last decade, The Idler has become well known for promoting the idea of an easy, lazy life. The leisure industry might seem an unlikely target of its criticism, but Dan Kienan, the book's editor, says that he was flooded with entries from readers for his list of awful holidays.", "id": "high6379.txt"}