{"answers": ["A", "C", "B", "A"], "options": [["Because the rich tend to decide a thing.", "Because money can tell us something.", "Because it is hard to earn much money.", "Because everyone loves to have money."], ["he will fight against wild animals", "he is interested to go through a jungle", "he will face many difficulties soon", "he is a success in his own business"], ["you declare you won't be cheated", "you get down to the real issues", "you care nothing about the quality", "you are always caring about money"], ["many English words have their interesting stories", "brass is a necessary piece of equipment of a ship", "many businessmen have been cheated in life", "Charles Funk has created many interesting words"]], "questions": ["Why do people say money talks?", "My uncle is in a jungle out there, which means  _  .", "When you ask how much it cost, it means  _  .", "It can be inferred from the passage that  _  ."], "article": "People often say that money talks. They mean that a person with a lot of money can say how he or she wants things done. But it is not easy to earn enough money to gain this kind of power.\nAsk anyone in business. They will tell you that it is a jungle out there. The expression probably began because a jungle is filled with wild animals and unknown dangers that threaten people.\nPeople in business have to be careful if they are to survive the jungle out there. They must not be led into making bogus investments. Bogus means something that is not real.\nNobody is sure how the word got started. But it began to appear in American newspapers in the 1800s. A newspaper in Boston, Massachusetts, said the word came from a criminal whose name was Borghese. Borghese wrote checks to people although he did not have enough money in the bank. After he wrote the checks, he would disappear. So, people who were paid with his checks received nothing. The newspaper said Americans shortened and changed the criminal's name Borghese to Bogus.\nPeople trying to earn money must be also aware of the risk of being ripped off. A writer for a magazine said he first saw the expression used in 1971. It was on a sign that a student carried during a protest demonstration at a university. The message on the sign was that the student felt cheated.\nTo be successful, a person in business works hard and tries to get down to brass tacks. This expression means to get to the bottom or the most important part of something. For example, a salesman may talk about his product without saying the price. You get down to brass tacks when you say, \"it sounds good, but how much does it cost?\"\nWord expert Charles Funk thinks the expression comes from sailors on ships. They clean the bottom of a boat. When they have removed all the dirt, they are down to the copper pieces that hold the ship together. So, if we get down to brass tacks, we can prevent rip-offs and bogus ways of earning money in that jungle out there. And, some good luck will help, too.", "id": "high6386.txt"}