{"answers": ["A", "C", "A", "A"], "options": [["whether to cheat or not", "what to do if they fail", "how to cheat", "how to keep calm"], ["The subjects are important for their future.", "They are too lazy to study.", "Cheating can help them please their parents.", "Their friends ask them to cheat."], ["you cheat others and yourself", "you can get caught and fail", "you give others a bad impression", "your teacher will inform your parents"], ["Cheating can be explained but not excused.", "Technology has made cheating easier.", "Students cheat to get into university.", "Cheating is a social and psychological problem."]], "questions": ["The tough decision that many students have to make before an exam is  _  .", "According to the experts, why do some students cheat?", "The worst thing about cheating is that  _  .", "Which sentence best summarizes the whole text?"], "article": "It's five minutes before the exam and you are in a state of panic. You just have to pass it, but how? You didn't even open the book the night before and you hear a voice in your head saying \"Cheat, cheat ...\" So what are you going to do, ignore it and fail or go for it? It's a tough decision many students must make.\nMost young people believe that cheating is wrong. However, they have cheated at least once in their high school years. So, why do they do it? Are they too lazy to study? Perhaps, it's not as simple as that. According to some experts, one main reason why students cheat is that they see their friends get away with it. It's an easy way out. They avoid embarrassment and their parents' anger for not doing well in an exam. Another reason is that students think it's OK to cheat if the subject isn't important for their future career. What's more, most students have to put up with the pressure of getting into university. They need to get good marks to carry on with their studies. This means that there will always be students who will do anything for a better mark.\nIt has never been easier to cheat than it is today. With all the technology available, students needn't cheat by looking over their shoulders anymore. They use mobile phones to send answers to each other during a test. There is also the Internet. With hundreds of websites, students don't have to worry because they can find lots of material which they can copy and use in projects. There are even tips on the art of cheating in exams.\nObviously, if you get caught cheating, you fail the exam or the subject. But it doesn't really matter whether you get caught or not. What's important is that it's wrong. You mustn't cheat because cheating is a lie. It deceives   people into thinking you know more than you actually do. How can you be proud of something you have achieved through cheating? In the end, it's not about deceiving your teachers and your parents, but about fooling yourself that you can do something you really can't.", "id": "high6388.txt"}