{"answers": ["A", "C", "A"], "options": [["negative", "positive", "approving", "indifferent"], ["what should be taught in the American classroom", "fair judgment of American education", "American students' performance on tests", "an accurate picture of American colleges"], ["defend American education", "show dissatisfaction with American education", "explain why American students do badly on tests", "offer advice on American education reform"]], "questions": ["According to the professor, many people's attitude towards American colleges is  _  .", "Judging by the text ,the claims are centered on  _  .", "The passage is written mainly to  _  ."], "article": "As a professor I have grown accustomed to the opinion regarding American education. We are repeatedly told that American schools are failing, that colleges are not teaching, and that the students of today are not as good as the students of the past.\nThere are, of course, problems with the education system. Because of economic inequality some schools are significantly better than others and the ideas of equality of education and equality of opportunity are cruel jokes. However, the mere fact that there are some serious problems does not mean that all the _ claims are true.\nOne stock   claim is that America has fallen behind the world in education in terms of performance on various tests. While the fact that America is behind other countries is a point of concern, there are at least three points worth considering here. The first is the above-mentioned economic inequality which will tend to result in poorer performance when taking the average for America. The second is that many countries have put considerable effort into improving their education systems and hence it is worth considering that America's decline is also due to the improvement of others. The third is the matter of the measures-- do they, in fact, present an accurate picture of the situation? I am not claiming that the data is bad. I am merely raising a reasonable concern about how accurate our picture of education is at this time.\nAnother stock claim is that American students are doing badly on standardized tests. While there is clearly value in assessment, it is reasonable to consider whether or not such tests are a proper and adequate measure of education. It is also worth considering whether the puzzle with these tests is itself causing damage to education. That is, as teachers teach for the test and students learn for the test, it might be the case that what is being taught is not what should be taught and what is being learned is not what should be learned.", "id": "high6390.txt"}