{"answers": ["A", "A"], "options": [["help the first year students to get rid of the shyness.", "help the first year students to know about the campus.", "intruduce the teachers to the first year students.", "help the first year students to adapt to the campus life as soon as possible."], ["because they felt a lot more relaxed speaking to others.", "because they felt shy speaking to others.", "because they felt nevous speaking to others.", "because they felt frightened speaking to others."]], "questions": ["In Britain, universities organize the \"Freshers Week\"to  _  .", "Why did the school kids dressed up as if they were in school in the party?"], "article": "You might think that Western students are less shy when it comes to mingling with the opposite sex, but the truth is that pupils in the UK can feel just as awkward. Britons are actually quite reserved and being at university can make them feel out of their comfort zone. Everyone finds it difficult to talk to the other gender on campus.\nHowever, there is a way of dealing with this shyness in Britain, and it is called \"Freshers Week\". Freshers Week is designed to help people socialize and lose their inhibitions(; ). It is a one-week long party for first year students to welcome them before lectures and coursework begin.\nI remember my first week at university - it was terrifying. I looked at the schedule for Freshers Week and was amazed at how much was planned. Every hall of residence organizes its own events to help students become friends with the people they live with. My hall was called \"Goldney Hall\" and the week ahead included a talent show, a comedy night, and themed parties, including one for which we had to dress up as golfers.\nThe first event I went to was a school kids party at which everyone dressed up as if they were in school. This party encouraged me to talk to all the people on my floor. One boy, who lived opposite my room, was very handsome and I felt nervous speaking to him at first. But when we met at the party dressed in silly school outfits, I remember feeling a lot more relaxed speaking to him.\nIt sounds strange, but drinking and dressing up seems to be how Britons overcome their shyness at university. My Freshers Week was hectic, but I managed to forget how scared I was.\nOne thing's for sure: nothing helps you lose your inhibitions(; ) quite like dressing up as a golfer - complete with a golf club, checked hat and tweed jacket!", "id": "high6402.txt"}