{"answers": ["A", "C", "A", "D"], "options": [["how he is feeling.", "whether the boss had breakfast.", "whether he is on deadline.", "whether he had taken a vacation."], ["How to Propose Your Solution.", "Never Give in to Your Boss.", "How to Argue with Your Boss.", "Learn to Understand Your Boss."], ["you don't go into the boss's office when you are angry", "you can present the boss with a problem only.", "when you offer advice to your boss, don't think of the troubles he may have.", "when you go into the boss's office, keep your voice all the time."], ["what problems he has.", "why you are mad.", "what position you are in the company.", "what you really want to talk to him about"]], "questions": ["If you want to ask the boss for anything, it is important to find out first   _  .", "What is the best title of the passage?", "From the passage, we can infer that  _  .", "It is necessary to make clear to the boss   _  ."], "article": "Before you argue with your boss, check with the boss's secretary to determine his mood. If he ate nails for breakfast, it is not a good idea to ask him for something. Even without the boss's secretary, there are keys to timing: don't approach the boss when he's on deadline; don't go in right before lunch, when he is apt to be distracted and rushed; don't go in just before or after he has taken a vacation.\nIf you're mad, that will only make your boss mad. Calm down first. And don't let a particular concern open the floodgates for all your accumulated frustration. The boss will feel that you think negatively about the company and it is hopeless trying to change your mind. Then, maybe he will dismiss you.\nTerrible disputes can result when neither the employer nor the employee knows what is the problem the other wants to discuss. Sometimes the fight will go away when the issues are made clear. The employee has to get his point across clearly in order to make the boss understand it.\nYour boss has enough on his mind without your adding more. If you can't put forward an immediate solution, at least suggest how to approach the problem. People who frequently present problems without solutions to their boss may soon find they can't get past the secretary.\nTo deal effectively with a boss, it's important to consider his goals and pressures. If you can put yourself in the position of being a partner to the boss, then he will be naturally more inclined to work with you to achieve your goals.", "id": "high6403.txt"}