{"answers": ["D", "C", "C", "A"], "options": [["Thomas made speeches about events nationwide.", "Thomas has written four books.", "Thomas covered every Economic Summit when traveling with US presidents.", "Thomas became a correspondent after she graduated from the university."], ["courageous", "ambitious", "successful", "stubborn"], ["Thomas worked in the White House for 57 years.", "Thomas is the most influential woman in America", "President Bush received Thomas once in his term.", "Thomas has traveled around the world with Nixon, Carter, Reagan, Bush, and Clinton."], ["The First Lady of the Press--Helen Thomas", "A Successful News Reporter--Helen Thomas", "Life Experience of Helen Thomas", "Helen Thomas and Her Career"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is NOT true?", "From the passage, we can conclude that Thomas is a   _   woman.", "After reading the passage it can be inferred that   _  .", "What's the best title of the passage?"], "article": "Helen Thomas, born on August 4, 1920, is a famous news reporter, a Hearst Newspapers columnist, and member of the White House Press Corps. She served for fifty-seven years as a correspondent and White House bureau chief for United Press International (UPI). She is called \"First Lady of the Press\".\nBorn in Kentucky, Helen Thomas was raised in Detroit, Michigan where she attended public schools and later graduated from Wayne State University. Upon leaving college, Helen served as a copy girl in an old company in Washington. In 1943, Ms. Thomas joined United Press International and the Washington Press Corps. Thomas served as president of the Women's National Press Club from 1959 to 1960.\nIn November, Helen began covering then President-elect John F. Kennedy, following him to the White House in January 1961 as a UPI correspondent. She later became White House Bureau Chief for UPI, where she was employed until her resignation on May 17, 2000. Thomas then became a White House correspondent and columnist.\nThomas was the only woman journalist traveling with then President Nixon to China in January, 1972. She has traveled around the world several times with Presidents Nixon, Ford, Carter, Reagan, Bush, and Clinton, during the course of which she covered every Economic Summit.The World Almanachas cited her as one of the 25 Most Influential Women in America.\nOn March 21, 2006, Thomas was called upon directly by President Bush for the first time in three years. Thomas asked Bush about Iraq. Helen Thomas has written four books and she is also a popular speaker at events nationwide.", "id": "high641.txt"}