{"answers": ["D", "C"], "options": [["he wanted to talk to the author", "the author appeared too nervous", "the author was going to get off", "he might think the author dropped the bread"], ["He noticed that no one was looking at him.", "He didn't want to see the cheese bread to go to taste.", "He valued kindness more than his own pride.", "He remembered a homeless man at that very moment."]], "questions": ["The gentleman kept staring at the author because   _  .", "Why did the author grab the cheese bread when he got off?"], "article": "The passengers on the subway who caught a glimpse of me may have thought I was strange. In particular a gentleman sitting opposite me was always staring at me, looking at the cheese bread on the floor in front of me and then staring back at me. A passenger probably dropped it by mistake and got off at a previous stop, but the gentleman might not think so. \"Next stop, St. Patrick Station\" -- my stop was quickly coming up. I had few minutes to either take the cheese bread, which nobody else was claiming, or left it there.\nIn those few minutes I felt my pride getting in the way. \"What would others on the subway think of me if I took the cheese bread? Would they think that I was poor and hungry? Would they think that I was stealing?\" The ignorant thing to do was say \"yes\" to any of those _ questions. Actually, they were just my own thoughts. Though I would leave the subway, walk a block to my office, get settled at my desk, and sit comfortably in my office for the whole day, I couldn't get rid of the enormous sense of guilt and regret.\nMy thoughts once pushed me towards pride and ignorance, but finally I had to admit I was wrong. This missing cheese bread could be a gift for a homeless person who suffered from cold and hunger. So why not overcome a little bit of my pride and pass along so much kindness?\nJust as the doors opened at my stop, I grabbed the cheese bread and left the subway. It felt awesome, but I didn't care if people were looking at me or what they were thinking. Instead of going directly to my office as usual, I walked a few more blocks up to Queen's park, where I often saw a homeless man sitting outside. I always wanted to give him something, but only today I walked toward him, who wrapped himself in a sleeping bag. I was full of satisfaction, and so did the homeless man, I thought.", "id": "high642.txt"}