{"answers": ["A", "D", "B", "C"], "options": [["2.", "3.", "4.", "5."], ["The birth parents may have indirect contact with the adoptive parents.", "The biological parents may often go to see their birth child.", "No information about the biological parents is given to the adoptive parents.", "Generally speaking, the adoptive parents do not know the birth parents' identities."], ["a closed adoption", "an open adoption", "a semi-open adoption", "a semi-closed adoption"], ["where a child is brought up by the government", "where a child is legally sent abroad by the birth parents", "where a child is legally placed with adoptive parents", "where a child is sent to live with the children whose parents have died"]], "questions": ["How many adoption types are mentioned in the passage?", "Which of the following statements is TRUE about the closed adoption?", "Suppose someone adopts a child and his biological parents often get contact with the child by telephone. We can call this adoption   _  .", "From the passage, we know adoption is   _  ."], "article": "Most people are aware of what the adoption process is because it has become rather common in our society. Adoption is where a child is legally placed with guardians   or parents (or perhaps a single parent) other than the birth mother or father. Once an adoption is finalized, all parental rights are turned over to the adoptive parents and there is no legal difference between adoptive parents and natural birth parents. There are generally two types of adoption, which are closed adoption and open adoption.\nWhen an adopted person has access to his or her adoption file and original records, it is referred to as an open adoption. The term is also used to describe any contact that may be between the adoptive family, the birth parents, and the adopted child. The level of openness can change greatly in such contact depending on each individual relationship. There can be indirect contact between the natural birth parents and the child through the form of letters and photographs, or there can be actual physical contact.\nA semi-open adoption is where the birth parents may have contact with the adoptive parents before the birth of the child, either once or several times. After the birth there is no more contact. A semi-open adoption may remain as it is or it can become either open or closed.\nA closed adoption is where only the medical and historical information about the biological parents is given to the adoptive family. Typically, the birth and adoptive parents do not know each other's identities. The record of the birth parents is kept sealed  . A closed adoption is usually only effective in the adoption of babies. The adoption of an older child who already knows his or her birth parents cannot be kept closed.", "id": "high6421.txt"}