{"answers": ["C", "A", "D"], "options": [["Animals in circuses are given more respect and care.", "Animals in circuses bring a lot of fun for people.", "Animals in circuses can't live their life naturally.", "Animals in circuses are protected by many regulations."], ["She welcomes it.", "She is against it.", "She thinks it acceptable.", "She thinks it useless."], ["Enjoy more fun in circuses", "More respect and kindness to animals", "Circuses in Bolivia Open or Closed", "Animals belong in circuses Yes or No"]], "questions": ["Which of the following can be a reason why people support the law?", "What's Anne's attitude towards the new law?", "Which would be the best title for the text?"], "article": "Lately, Bolivia has outlawed (......) the use of animals in circus   performances, and officials in the South American nation aren't doing it in a silly way! They say all Bolivian circuses must stop using animals.\nSome people welcome the law. They say animals should not be forced to work and that circus creatures are caged in tight spaces when they travel. However, other people say that many of the four legged performers are cared for by animal experts. Plus, they point out, circus animals entertain millions of fans.\nShould animals perform in circuses? Student reporters Michael and Emily have done some work on the issue.\nYes, I think animals should be allowed in circus acts. Most circus trainers love and respect the animals they work with and treat them well. Certain rules and regulations also help to ensure that the animals are treated humanely, or with kindness. Millions of people love circus animals. They look forward to seeing elephants and tigers perform. Many of the animals are exotic  , so people might not get the chance to see them anywhere else. \"Circus animals shouldn't be banned,\" says Parker, a sixth grader from Oregon City, \"One of the main reasons people go to the circus is to see animals they don't see every day and to see them do cool tricks.\"\nAnimals should not perform in circuses. When animals are in circuses, they are forced to learn new behaviors in order to entertain humans. Those behaviors may go against their natural instincts  . For example, bears _ in the winter, but bears in a circus have to perform and can't hibernate as their bodies tell them to. Also, circus animals have to travel all the time in cages. All that traveling may cause them to become confused or upset because their environment keeps changing. \"When animals are removed from their habitat and held in cages ... it changes their behaviors,\" points out Anne Northam, a teacher from Friendswood, Texas.  \"They are no longer selfsufficient  .\"", "id": "high6423.txt"}