{"answers": ["A", "D", "C"], "options": [["offer travelers convenience to find suitable hosts for free accommodations", "provide people with a platform to contact each other", "find potential hosts who want to supply travelers with couches", "give reliable information about hotels"], ["couch surfers can fully rely on Couch Surfing community", "Couch Surfing community enables you to meet different people", "Couch Surfing community is trusted by all couch surfers", "Hosts may form a judgment on couch surfers and make a final decision"], ["Couch Surfing has a long history", "Hai Yan is satisfied with her host", "Couch Surfing is getting popular in China", "Basil works at the Beijing Network"]], "questions": ["The Couch Surfing network is intended to   _   .", "According to Fred Sharp,   _  .", "We can infer from the passage that   _  ."], "article": "The Couch Surfing network is an online community stretching across the globe with over one and a half million members. The basic concept is to provide a platform for travelers to contact people who are willing to put them up free of charge. Travelers connect with potential hosts online and, if they like each other, exchange details to make farther arrangements.\nBasil is one traveler from Switzerland who is currently couch surfing with a Chinese host in Beijing. \"I thought staying in hostel is nice but you mostly meet foreigners and speak English. If you use Couch Surfing you have chance to meet people living here and really get a chance to know the life of the place you visit. \" Basil was speaking during a regular meeting of Beijing network of Couch Surfing with a membership of almost 2,000.\nAlthough some people may have concerns about meeting complete strangers and giving them full access to your house, Beijing group member Fred Sharp from California says that the Couch Surfing community is one that generally attracts trustworthy people.\n\"I have never had a problem with guests. I'd say that this Couch Surfing community worldwide is a fairly trustworthy community like I say, always be cautious, make sure that you read everyone's profile that you're considering hosting, and if it doesn't feel right just say' no', it's OK. \"\nOriginally launched in the US as a non-profit organization in 2004, Couch Surfing is growing fast across the world. China is no exception with around 30,000 members and hundreds more signing up each week. One of them is Beijing resident Hai Yan who joined in November 2009. She says the first time she hosted a guest was a very positive experience. \"My first guest was from Italy. He was very kind and helpful. He bought me a present from Italy, a handbag. It's a famous brand!\"\nAs the organization grows from strength to strength, hotel owners across the world will be watching very closely and possibly thinking twice about raising their prices too high.", "id": "high6433.txt"}