{"answers": ["A", "B", "C"], "options": [["A free website encyclopedia.", "A computer game.", "A free encyclopedia in book form.", "An online university."], ["Wikipedia only charges users a small fee", "Wikipedia catches a wide audience", "incorrect editions might do great harm to Wikipedia", "it will take long to update the information on Wikipedia"], ["In a story book.", "In a research report.", "In a science magazine.", "In a travel brochure."]], "questions": ["According to the passage, what is Wikipedia?", "From the passage we know that   _  .", "Where can we probably read the passage?"], "article": "Wikipedia: The Online Know-It-All\nIf you want to find out a piece of information about anything, the best place to search for it is Wikipedia. The name \"Wikipedia\" is from the Hawaiian word wiki, meaning \"quick\". This online encyclopedia   is written by thousands of people around the world. Anyone with Internet access can write, add or make changes to Wikipedia articles if he or she finds it incorrect or not well written. In this way, people who know a lot about a certain subject can write about it even if they are not university professors. But contributions cannot damage Wikipedia because many experienced editors are watching pages and techies   can write editing programs to keep track of or correct bad edits. Where there are disagreements on how to present facts, editors work together to arrive at an article that fairly represents current expert opinion on the subject.\nWikipedia is quite different from paper-based reference sources in important ways. Unlike printed encyclopedias, it is continually created and updated, with articles on historic events appearing within minutes, rather than months or years.\nWhat's more, Wikipedia includes articles written in about 285 languages. This fact makes it one of the few websites on the Internet that are truly international. It was started in 2001 by Larry Sanger and Jimmy Wales, as a free online English-language encyclopedia project. Since its creation, it has grown rapidly into one of the largest reference websites, attracting nearly 500 million unique visitors monthly. There are more than 77,000 active contributors working on more than 22,000,000 articles in different languages. As of today, there are 4,396,866 articles in English.\nSo, if you are looking for some information, why not try Wikipedia? It's free, multilingual,and informative.", "id": "high6434.txt"}