{"answers": ["A", "D", "C", "B"], "options": [["develop closer relations", "share the same culture", "get to know each other", "keep each other company"], ["the English prefer to make long speeches", "too many words are of no use", "people from Thailand are quiet and shy by nature", "even talk and silence can be culturally different"], ["By sharing different ways of life.", "By accepting different habits.", "By recognizing different values.", "By speaking each other' s languages."], ["Multicultural Environment.", "Cross-Cultural Differences.", "How to Understand Each Other.", "How to Build Up a Relationship."]], "questions": ["In some countries, eating together at restaurants may make it easier for people to   _  .", "The author mentions his experience in Thailand to show that   _  .", "According to the text, how can people from different cultures understand each other better?", "What would be the best title for the text?"], "article": "Meeting people from another culture can be difficult. From the beginning, people may send the wrong signal. Or they may pay no attention to signals from another person who is trying to develop a relationship.\nDifferent cultures emphasize the importance of relationship building to a greater or lesser degree. For example, business in some countries is not possible until there is a relationship of trust. Even with people at work, it is necessary to spend a lot of time in \"small talk\", usually over a glass of tea, before they do any job.In many European countries -- like the UK or France -- people find it easier to build up a lasting working relationship at restaurants or cafes rather than at the office.\nTalk and silence may also be different in some cultures. I once made a speech in Thailand.I had expected my speech to be a success and start a lively discussion; instead there was an uncomfortable silence. The people present just stared at me and smiled.After getting to know their ways better, I realized that they thought I was talking too much. In my own culture, we express meaning mainly through words, but people there sometimes feel too many words are unnecessary.\nEven within Northern Europe, cultural differences can cause serious problems. Certainly, English and German cultures share similar values; however, Germans prefer to get down to business more quickly. We think that they are rude. In fact, this is just because one culture starts discussions and makes decisions more quickly.\nPeople from different parts of the world have different values, and sometimes these values are quite against each other. However, if we can understand them better, a multicultural environment will offer a wonderful chance for us to learn from each other.", "id": "high644.txt"}