{"answers": ["A", "D", "B"], "options": [["On Norman Drive.", "On Palmer Street.", "On Kingston Highway.", "On Route 29."], ["It is built on the ruins of an old building.", "It offers visitors free rides to the museum.", "It exhibits trucks dating back to about 100 years ago.", "It's transformed from an old factory by volunteers."], ["To introduce the old history of Bentwood Truck Museum.", "To persuade readers to attend the opening of the museum.", "To explain why Bentwood Truck Museum was set up.", "To call on the visitors to take a ride in old trucks."]], "questions": ["Where is Bentwood Truck Museum?", "What is special about this museum?", "What's the purpose of writing this passage?"], "article": "Grand Opening\nBentwood Truck Museum\nSaturday, November 8, at 10:00 A. M.\nAfter eighteen months of hard work by more than 100 volunteers, the Bentwood Truck Museum is ready to open. The old factory had been scheduled to be destroyed. When Roger Haygood heard about the plan to tear down the building, he bought it so that he could store his collection of old trucks there. Then he had the idea of turning the building into a truck museum.\nDuring the past year and a half, the old building has been transformed into a treasure chest of memories. Instead of a dark and dull house, the building has become a cheery, bright home for all kinds of trucks from the past. The museum now houses 68 trucks, and we hope to have even more soon. There is a 1959 school bus, a 1942 bakery truck, and a 1937 fire engine. Our oldest vehicle is a 1919 milk truck. Our newest vehicle is a 1966 tow truck.\nYou can take a ride on a fire truck, a mail truck, or an ice-cream truck. Rides are $ 2.00, but you can get a ticket for a free ride at any grocery store in Bentwood.\nHelp us celebrate our grand opening by bringing your family and friends! There is something to interest everyone who attends. The Bentwood Truck Museum is a special piece of our history.\nTo get to Bentwood Truck Museum, take Route 29 (Kingston Highway) to Palmer Street. Go south on Palmer Street for one block and take a left onto Norman Drive. You will see the museum building and the amusement park on your left. Parking is available across the street, on your right.", "id": "high6441.txt"}