{"answers": ["C", "A", "B"], "options": [["readers how to be popular in the world", "parents how to control and guide their children", "teenagers how to learn to decide things for themselves", "people how to understand and respect each other"], ["are not sure of themselves", "have much difficulty in understanding each other", "dare not do things", "are very much afraid of getting lost"], ["become different from others in as many ways as possible", "find one's real self", "get into the right reason and become popular", "rebel against parents"]], "questions": ["The writer's purpose in writing this passage is to tell  _  .", "According to the writer, many teenagers think they are brave enough to act on their own, but, in fact, most of them  _  .", "During the teenage years, one should learn to  _  ."], "article": "I hear many parents saying that their teenage children are rebellion . I wish it were so. At your age you ought to be growing away from your parents. You should be learning to stand on your own two feet. But take a good look at the present rebellion. It seems that teenagers are all taking the same way of showing that they degree with their parents. Instead of striking out bravely on their own, most of them are trying to seize at one another's hands for safety.\nThey say they want to dress as they please. But they all wear the same clothes. They set off in new directions in music. But somehow reason for thinking or acting in thus-and-such a way is that the crowd is doing it. They have come out of their cocoon  -----into a larger cocoon.\nIt has become harder and harder for a teenager to stand up against the popularity wave and to go his or her own way. Industry has firmly opened up a teenage market. These days every teenager can learn from newspapers and TV what a teenager should have and be. And many of today's parents have come to award  high narks for the popularity of their children. All this adds up to great difficulty for the teenager who wants to find his or her own path.\nBut the difficulty is worth getting over. The path is worth following. You may want to listen to classical music instead of going to a party. You may want to collect rocks when everyone else is collecting records. You may have some thoughts that you don't care to share at once with your classmates. Well, go to it. Find yourself. Be yourself. Popularity will come-----with the people who respect you for who you are. That's the only kind of popularity that really counts.", "id": "high6460.txt"}