{"answers": ["D", "C", "B"], "options": [["It is the first-ever library in America.", "It is of no practical use although it costs so much.", "It holds an exhibition of much electronic equipment.", "People can read e-books there with the help of the new facilities."], ["Great as social media is, it does have some negative effects.", "With the increasing use of social media, something will actually be lost.", "Through social media, people can develop educational and social skills around.", "As a result of social media, people may communicate less with the people around."], ["Optimistic", "Skeptical", "Supportive", "Objective"]], "questions": ["What can we learn about the library in San Antonio, Texas?", "Which of the following will the writer probably disagree with  _  ?", "The tone of the passage is best described as  _  ."], "article": "Picture a library without books? Well, I can't. Ever since I was little I would go to the library and take out numerous books. From picture books to beginning chapter books to YA books, books have always been a part of my life. Unlike many people today, I don't own a Kindle or a Nook or any type of e-reader. I prefer the old-fashioned book. There is something about holding a book and being able to turn the pages that I find comforting. In today's 21st century, books may become _ . For me that's something I find scary.\nI am a fan of the old TV science-fiction series Twilight Zone. One episode is about a librarian who has become obsolete. _ \nIn fact, in San Antonio, Texas the first-ever bookless library in the country opened. The library is full of iMacs, tablets and iPads which cost a huge $2. 3 million. The library offers around 10,000 e-books. So the question is, is this what the future will soon be? Mary Graham, vice president of South Carolina's Charleston Metro Chamber of Commerce states, \"This is the future...If you're going to be building new library facilities, this is what you need to be doing.\"\nIt is our generation that will be the guinea pigs of increasing technology like this. Is this a good or bad thing? Well, digital libraries may help the environment by not using paper; however, I feel like something will always be lacking with a digital book. A digital library is just the beginning.\nWith all of this new technology, people seem to be more absorbed in their own world. One of my biggest complaints is when I am with my friends and they can't seem to get off their smart phone and talk to me. To make plans with a friend and then have them stuck on their phone the whole time is extremely rude. Not only is it disrespectful, but it reflects the direction of where human interactions are heading. Though social media is great, it also is addicting and has negative effects.\nOften when I go on Facebook it just makes me feel worse about myself. I'll see many of my 800 Facebook friends showing off their newest accomplishment or acceptance to college. Additionally, our society is becoming increasingly lazy. For instance, instead of doing mental math, people use their phone to solve 89 + 74. It is simple tasks like these that are allowing people to lack important educational and social skills.\nIt is up to us to find a balance between technology and human values and interactions. With new technology being created every day, we need to learn how to use it alongside our great minds. After all, inventions are supposed to benefit society not harm it. In the day of technology, who knows what's next?", "id": "high6466.txt"}