{"answers": ["B", "B", "C"], "options": [["better students' learning methods", "prevent students going into debt", "help students get accepted by colleges", "make students become very wealthy"], ["pay off all her debts.", "handle her money better", "find a job in a bank.", "manage the family income"], ["ways to teach students to earn money", "how Diane Ray learns to value money", "the push to teach personal finance in school", "how students choose a proper financial class"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, taking money-management courses will  _  .", "After completing the financial class, Diane Ray is likely to  _  .", "The passage is mainly about  _  ."], "article": "During her junior year of high school, Diane Ray's teacher handed her a worksheet and instructed the 17-year-old to map out her future financial life. Ray pretended to buy a car, rent an apartment, and apply for a credit card.  Then, she and her classmates played the \"stock market game\", investing  the hypothetical  earnings from their hypothetical jobs in the market in the disastrous fall of 2008. \"Our pretend investments crashed,\" Ray says, still frightened. \"We got to know how it felt to lose money.\"\nThat pain of earning and losing money is a feeling that public schools increasingly want to teach. Forty states now offer some type of financial instruction at the high-school level, teaching students how to balance checkbooks and buy stock in math and social-studies classes. Though it's too early to measure the full influence of the Great Recession , the interest in personal-finance classes has risen since 2007 when bank failures started to occur regularly. Now, many states including Missouri, Utah, and Tennessee require teenagers to take financial classes to graduate from high school. School districts such as Chicago are encouraging money-management classes for kids as young as primary school, and about 300 colleges or universities now offer online personal-finance classes for incoming students. \"These classes really say, 'This is how you live independently,' \" says Ted Beck, president of National Endowment for Financial Education.\nRather than teach investment methods or financial skills, these courses offer a back-to-the-basics approach to handling money: Don't spend what you don't have. Put part of your monthly salary into a savings account, and invest in the stock market for the long-term rather than short-term gains. For Ray, this means dividing her earnings from her part-time job at a fast-food restaurant into separate envelopes for paying bills, spending and saving.  \"Money is so hard to make but so easy to spend,\" she says one weekday after school. \"That is the big takeaway.\"\nTeaching kids about the value of cash certainly is one of the programs' goals, but teachers also want students to think hard about their finances long term. It's easy for teenagers to get annoyed about gas prices because many of them drive cars. But the hard part is urging them to put off the instant satisfaction of buying a new T-shirt or an iPod. \"Investing and retirement aren't things teenagers are thinking about. For them, the future is this weekend,\" says Gayle Whitefield, a business and marketing teacher at Uth's Riverton High School.\nThat's a big goal for these classes: preventing kids from making the same financial missteps their parents did when it comes to saving, spending, and debt. Though the personal savings rate has increased up to 4. 2 percent, that's still a far distance from 1982, when Americans saved 11. 2 percent of their incomes. \"It's hard for schools to reach strict money-management skills when teenagers go home and watch their parents increase credit-card debt. It's like telling your kids not to smoke and then lighting up a cigarette in front of them,\" Beck says.\nEven with these challenges, students such as Ray say learning about money in school is worthwhile. After Ray finished her financial class, she opened up a savings account at her local bank and started to think more about how she and her family would pay for college. \"She just has a better understanding of money and how it affects the world,\" says her mother, Darleen-and that's sown to the details of how money is spent from daily expenses to various taxes. All of this talk of money can make Ray worry, she says, but luckily, she feels prepared to face it.", "id": "high6468.txt"}