{"answers": ["D", "B", "A"], "options": [["her sisters seemed strange to her", "her sisters didn't like to be her friends", "none of the girls had their own friends", "they didn't have much in common"], ["She punished her daughter differently.", "She showed equal love to her daughters.", "She encouraged her daughters to do sports.", "She often took her daughters to many places."], ["The Greatest Gift", "Mother's Love", "Growing Experiences", "Unforgettable Memories"]], "questions": ["As a child, the author was shocked at her mother's idea because   _  .", "How did the author's mother encourage her three daughters to grow closer?", "The best title of the passage could be   _  ."], "article": "When I was a child, I was shocked at the idea that my sisters could be my best friends. Now, I wouldn't have it any other way. At the time, the idea of my two sisters being my closest friends seemed strange to me. We fought all the time over toys, food, attention, what to watch on television--you name it, and we quarreled about it at some point. How could my sisters be my best friends? They weren't the same age as I. We all had our own friends in school.\nMy mother never let the three of us forget that sisters are lifelong friends. Her wish like most parents' was to give us something that she never had. Growing up as an only child, she longed for   siblings. When she gave birth to three daughters, the fulfillment   of her dream had only just begun. She had given each of us a gift and she wanted to make sure we did not take that gift for granted. She would frequently tell us how lucky we were. But there were other, more subtle   ways that she encouraged us to grow closer. She never showed favoritism to one daughter over the other, as not to cause jealousy or bitterness between sisters. She constantly took us places together--skating, shopping and swimming, so that we developed common interests. And when we were teenagers, Mom always punished us equally, giving us yet another bonding   experience.\nWe didn't always get along beautifully and fought just like any other _ . But somewhere in between Mom's lectures, the family vacations and the shared memories, we realized that our mother was right. Today I share things with my sisters that I do with no one else. My sister Cindy and I ran the New York City Marathon together, side by side, even holding hands when we crossed the finish line. When my sister Karen got married, I was her maid of honor . Cindy and I traveled through Europe together and even shared an apartment for two years. The three of us trust each other with our greatest secrets.\nIt was twenty-three years ago that my mother first asked me who my two best friends were. Today she doesn't have to. She already knows.", "id": "high6486.txt"}