{"answers": ["A", "C"], "options": [["Expressing the writer's idea that gene technology will benefit people", "Telling people the advantages of gene technology", "Telling the readers that gene technology will not benefit people", "Explaining that gene technology will also do harm to the humanity"], ["Scientists have already successfully cloned sheep.", "Most couple will normally give birth to babies.", "A good number of babies will be cloned", "The government will take action to control it."]], "questions": ["What is the main purpose of writing this passage?", "Which of the following worries people by using this technology?"], "article": "Among all the fast growing science and technology, the research of human genes , or biological engineering as people call it, is drawing more and more attention now. Sometimes it is a hot topic discussed by people.\nThe greatest thing that gene technology can do is to cure serious diseases that doctors at present can almost do nothing with, such as cancer and heart disease. Every year, millions of people are murdered by _ s. And to date, doctors have not found an effective way to cure them. But if the gene technology is applied , not only these two diseases can be cured completely, bringing happiness and more living days to the patients, but also the great amount of money people spend on curing their diseases can be saved, therefore it benefits the economy as well. In addition, human life span  can be prolonged.\nGene technology can help people to give birth to more healthy and clever children. Some families, with the English imperial family being a good example, have hereditary diseases. This means their children will for sure have the family disease, which is a great trouble for these families. In the past, doctors could do nothing about hereditary diseases. But gene technology can solve this problem perfectly. The scientists just need to find the wrong gene and correct it and a healthy child will be born.\nSome people are worrying that the gene research can be used to manufacture (produce) human beings in large quantities. In the past few years, scientists have succeeded in cloning a sheep; therefore these people predict that human babies would soon be cloned. But I believe cloned babies will not come out in large quantities, for most couples in the world can have babies in very normal way. Of course, the governments must take care to control gene technology.", "id": "high65.txt"}