{"answers": ["C", "D", "A"], "options": [["They are interested in awards for their works.", "They are members of the New Hollywood gang.", "They have created a lot of movies taken as classics.", "They focus their themes on negative side of the society."], ["Francis Coppola", "Woody Allen", "Stanley Kubrick", "Steven Spielberg"], ["Midnight in Paris", "2001: A Space Odyssey", "A Clockwork Orange", "Paths of Glory"]], "questions": ["What do the directors mentioned in the passage have in common  _  ?", "The movie Indiana Jones series is directed by   _  .", "Stanley Kubrick's works include the following except   _  ."], "article": "There are many great movie directors of all time and the following are five of those who have largely impressed audience with their body of work.\nAs a member of the New Hollywood gang, Francis Coppola is best remembered for The God Father series. His decision to cast Marlon Brando in the lead also met with fierce opposition from the studio bosses. Good sense became popular, and The God Father went on to become one of the most memorable movies ever. Critics may point out that he has become less creative after his seventies, but try as one might, no one can possibly take the place of this great director's work.\nStanley Kubrick's movies focus on the themes like sci-fi, horror, dark humor and war. He used symbolism in most of his movies, giving us some wonderful screen visuals, as shown in 2001: A Space Odyssey. His actors in Hollywood complained about the endless number of retakes, but they appreciated the performance he milked out of them. People argue about films like Lolita, A Clockwork Orange and Paths of Glory, but these are now seen as classics.\nSteven Spielberg is a great success at the box office, and he is one of the world's most popular filmmakers today. As the creator of classics like Schindler's List, Jurassic Park, ET, Indiana Jones series, Jaws, Saving Private Ryan, no one can win his hold over the audience. His critics accuse him of being emotional and over the top, _ \nWoody Allen is a director who directs movies full of crime and hate. This comic genius has given us Annie Hall, Hannah and Her Sisters and Midnight in Paris, which have also become classical. His movies constantly include characters who arouse the audience's sympathy and laughter at the same time, as they set out on a journey of self-discovery. Hollywood star power has never fazed Allen. Thankfully, awards and honors do not interest him, which results in creativity that is original.", "id": "high6514.txt"}