{"answers": ["D", "B", "C", "D", "B"], "options": [["the Northeast and Midwest", "factories and army camps in the South", "real-life stories in small towns", "the Appalachian Mountains and the West"], ["the north", "the south", "the Midwest", "the Northeast"], ["they wanted to take music with them", "they wanted to make other people like country music", "they wanted to work in the factories there", "they wanted to make country music popular"], ["city people said it was low class", "people could sing it in many different languages", "it started with cowboys and poor Southerners", "it is loved by different kinds of people in the world"], ["Country music is about human feelings and events.", "Country music is sung by stars all in English.", "Country music is popular among city people today.", "City people didn't like country music at first."]], "questions": ["It can be learned from the passage that country music comes from_.", "Before World War II country music was popular mainly in_.", "During World War II many Southerners went to the Northeast and the Mid-west because_.", "Country music is one of the most popular kinds of music in the world today because_.", "Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?"], "article": "Country music is one of the most popular kinds of music in the United States today because it is about simple but strong human feelings and events-love, sadness, good times, and bad times. It tells real-life, stories and sounds the way people really talk. As life becomes more complicated , it is good to hear music about ordinary people.\nCountry music, sometimes called country-western, comes from two kinds of music. One is the traditional music of the people in the Appalachian Mountains in the eastern Unite States. The other is traditional cowboy music from the west. The singers usually play guitars, and in the 1920s they started using electric guitars. At first city people said country music was low class. It was popular mostly in the South. But during World War II, thousands of Southerners went to the Northeast and Midwest to work in the factories. They took their music with them. Soldiers from the rest of the country went to army camps in the South. They learned country music. Slowly it became popular all over the country.\nToday country music is also popular everywhere in the United States and Canada--in small towns and in New York City, among black and white, and among educated and uneducated people. About 1, 200 radio stations broadcast country music twenty-four hours a day. English stars sing it in British English, and people in other countries sing it in their own languages. The music that started with cowboys and poor southerners is now popular all over the world.", "id": "high6516.txt"}