{"answers": ["B", "D", "A"], "options": [["a high brand wins the loyalty of consumers", "a high brand usually sets a much higher price", "it's easy for a high brand company to launch new products", "a high brand company is more competitive when doing business with retailers"], ["happens when the company is developing a new product", "means the expansion of a company's business in its established field", "takes place when the company introduces a similar item but with a new colour", "refers to the use of an established brand name to promote a new product in a new category"], ["Brand Power", "Famous Brands", "Company Brands", "Brand Products"]], "questions": ["All of the following statements are the advantages of a high brand power EXCEPT that  _  .", "A brand extension   _  .", "What might be the best title of this passage?"], "article": "A brand is a name, word, sign, symbol, design, or a combination of these, intended to identify the goods or services of a company or a group of companies. Another purpose of a brand is to contrast one company from another. The most important skill of professional marketers is the ability to create, maintain, protect, and enhance the brands of their products and services. Branding has become so important that today hardly any company or product is without one. Therefore, brand management is an increasingly important element in marketing.\nBrand power refers to the relative strength of a company's brand in the minds of consumers, and can influence consumers' choice of products. Brands are powerful to the extent that they give high brand loyalty and strong brand associations, name recognition, perceived quality and other assets to a company. A strong brand can be one of a company's most important assets.\nHigh brand power provides a company with many competitive advantages. A powerful brand enjoys a high level of consumer brand awareness and loyalty. Because consumers expect stores to carry the brand, the company has more bargaining power when negotiating with retailers  . And because the brand name brings high credibility, a company with a strong brand can more easily launch new products with the same brand name.\nMany companies use the advantage of a strong brand power strategically to expand their business. When a company introduces an additional item with a new flavour, form, colour or package size in a given product category and under the same brand name, it is called a line extension. Another strategy is called brand extension. This involves the use of a successful brand name to launch new or modified products in a new category, thereby employing brand recognition in order to increase sales of new products.\nBrand recognition is certainly important. Because consumers often hold long-standing perceptions about brands, high brand power ensure a company continued sales of its products.", "id": "high6523.txt"}