{"answers": ["D", "A", "C", "D", "B"], "options": [["They were strange because they locked Kane at home.", "It was respectable for them to start their own business.", "It was ridiculous for them to make a cart for Kane.", "They were greatly brave to face all the difficulties."], ["By moving his cart with his own hands.", "By asking his father to lead him ahead with a stick.", "By asking his grandparents to push hin everywhere.", "His parents specially employed a babysitter for him."], ["his parents get to know their responsibility", "his family members know the importance of union", "people especially the healthy realize what love really means", "people especially the disabled realize their inner power"], ["he can challenge his difficulty in moving", "he had challenges or shortcomings in his life", "he himself needed to be looked after by others", "he had the power to prove he was capable too"], ["Love me, love my dog.", "Love is above all things.", "Many hands make light work.", "Pure gold fears no fire."]], "questions": ["How did the author think of Kane's family members?", "How did Kane \"get to\" everywhere he wanted to go?", "According to the author, God made Kane with disability to help   _  .", "Kane needed attention because he wanted to show   _  .", "What can we learn from Kane's story?"], "article": "Recently I came in contact with the true meaning of love. That would have been, Kane, a boy. Kane was the two-year-old son of Jolene, my new neighbor.\nAt a glance Kane was a sight. He'd been born with hard sticks for legs. And on that morning I witnessed the effect that Kane's physical shortcomings had on his family. But I also witnessed much more than that.\nI saw an extraordinary family that embraced this special child. A family that wouldn't allow Kane to know he was different. Jolene had constructed a small cart just a few inches off the floor for his son to get around. Using his hands to move about, Kane moved the cart to \"go to\" any place just as everyone else was able to do. Kane worked that little cart like a master. Kane was a vital focus of the entire family. He was more than just a member of the family; he was the soul. This child was the driver, the motivator, and the founder of much of the interaction.\nMuch later in my life, I came to realize that God had sent this child to help some of us who just weren't getting what love was all about. Even with my limited capacity for understanding at the time that Kane was a highly developed spirit with great wisdom.\nKane demanded attention, but not because of his mobility challenges or other apparent shortcomings. In his mind, he had no challenges or shortcomings. The truth is that he received attention because he was alive and real and had so much to offer.\nKane was and still is a lot of warm and powerful energy sent to us all, so we might learn that love surpasses all things. Kane, a fragile yet lovely baby, was here to teach us all an important lesson. And at the age of two he did just that.", "id": "high6524.txt"}