{"answers": ["A", "D", "B", "A"], "options": [["Wikipedia", "SAS Flash Cards", "Kindle Reader", "My Study Life"], ["to make your smart phone closely attached", "to update your information every day", "to help you get your favorite reading materials", "to help students learn their subjects easily"], ["students can buy the apps at a certain discount", "the applications above are all for nothing", "you should pay much to download the apps", "It's easy for parents to keep a watch on their children"], ["Top Windows 8 Apps for Students", "Windows 8 to Be Updated for Students", "Games Apps in Windows 8 Store", "Microsoft Company and Its Apps"]], "questions": ["If you want to know of Rafael Nadal you can use   _  .", "The function of \"flash cards\" is   _  .", "We can learn from the passage that   _  .", "Which of the following is the best title for the passage?"], "article": "Today, children start to use computers, smart phones and tablets from a very young age. Many parents and child experts believe that this is very wrong. They claim that early exposure to technology can make individuals lazy and distracted. That may be true, but there it is practically impossible to change the world we live in now. _ . That is Microsoft's Windows 8 App Store. One of its applications is entirely educational, Windows 8. There, students of all ages can find apps that can greatly help them in their studies. We have prepared the 4 best of them.\nWikipedia--Wikipedia is the first place where students search for information. The articles on the popular website are updated regularly and they include many details, figures and resources. With this app, you can access Wikipedia faster than ever.\nSAS Flash Cards--One of the most effective ways to learn your school or university material is by using the so-called \"flash cards\". This app, however, allows users to create an entire set of cards in a matter of minutes. Also, the cards can be divided into different subject categories, which makes studying easier and more fun than ever before.\nKindle Reader--If you don't have a Kindle e-Book reader, you can use your Windows 8 device. Just install this app and the Kindle word will land in your smart phone, tablet or laptop. With the Kin-die Reader W8 app, you can also organize and store all of your favorite books.\nMy Study Life--This application is the mobile version of the website My Study Life. The app can be very useful for students in terms of school and university organization. There you can store all the information you want like homework, assignments and papers. In addition, you can create your own school calendar that will remind you of your upcoming exams, for instance.\nThere is one main reason why these Windows 8 apps are appropriate for students. Apart from useful, they are completely free! All you need to do is go to Microsoft's Windows 8 App Store, download the applications you want and install them onto your device.", "id": "high6525.txt"}