{"answers": ["D", "C"], "options": [["meet your different needs", "find the answer for every camper", "help you out of trouble", "find your favorite tent"], ["It is good to buy your tent in the traditional shop.", "You'd better buy a tent with the help of the Internet.", "Better buy a tent combining seeing tents for real in shops and researching them online.", "Going camping is really beneficial to your health."]], "questions": ["You can make use of the Internet to  _  .", "Which of the following would be the main idea of this passage?"], "article": "A tent can be one of the more costly items on your camping equipment shopping list. It is definitely something that you need to consider carefully.\nBy seeing a tent for real you will be able to get a better impression of its size and construction in the traditional shop. However,the _ is that,unless you are experienced,you may miss out some of the details that the manufacturer's promotional material makes clear. Cheap tents often look similar to the quality models they are mimicking ,but you can be sure that they use inferior  materials and probably have lower design standards.\nShop staff are often campers themselves. That means they usually can give lots of advice. If a shop assistant agrees with your own conclusions,that will be great;if they try to change your decision with a clear and reasonable argument,then that will be worth considering;if they just try to bamboozle ,or even bully,you then walk away.\nThe Internet is a wonderful tool,and so long as you know how to make the most of search engines and put in a little effort,you really have the perfect answer waiting to be found. That answer will be different for every camper as each of us has different needs. Don't be surprised to see your favorite criticized somewhere,but if you see too much criticism,then you had better start thinking again. No problem. You won't have spent anything yet,so think of it positively as a large expense saved.\nProbably the best approach,if you have the time,is to research tents online and make a short list. Then try to inspect those tents at nearby shops. Then you can make a final decision on where to buy your chosen model based purely on total cost.", "id": "high6559.txt"}