{"answers": ["C", "C", "C"], "options": [["The collapse of an overpass in Zhuzhou,Hunan Province.", "The Sichuan earthquake", "A material that turns red before it breaks.", "A way of preventing building from collapsing."], ["Thousands of people died from the collapse of buildings in the Sichuan earthquake because they hadn't been warned.", "There is no building that will never collapse.", "A new material has been applied to buildings to warn people of collapse.", "A colorchanging material can turn red before it breaks."], ["The colorchanging molecules are certain to be used outside the lab.", "There will be no collapse with the help of the colorchanging material.", "There is a long way to go before the material can be applied.", "The problem caused by bright light will be solved by scientists."]], "questions": ["What does the passage mainly introduce?", "Which of the following is a WRONG statement?", "What can we infer from the passage?"], "article": "A huge cloud of dust rose and an overpass disappeared. This was the scene in Zhuzhou,Hunan Province on May 17.Nine people were killed and 16 injured.\nThings were similar last year in the Sichuan earthquake. Thousands of people were buried in the ruins and lost their lives. What if we could have warned them?\nPeople are always _ to find a way of preventing buildings' collapse. Better materials and technology help,but they are not a solution.\nJust like humans,a building has its own life cycle from \"birth\" to \"death\".If we know when a building is going to collapse,we can repair it in advance or get out of it before it falls.\nNow,scientists at the University of Illinois have developed a material that turns red before it breaks. The invention could be used in things like climbing ropes or bridge supports.\nThe research was led by Nancy Sottos,a professor at the university's Beckman Institute,and Douglas Davis,a graduate research assistant.\nThe secret behind the colorchanging material is a type of molecule  .A molecule is a group of atoms held together by chemical bonds. Imagine you and your friends standing in a circle,holding hands. Each person stands for one atom,your hands represent the bonds,and the entire circle represents a molecule. If one person lets go of his or her hands,the molecule changes color.\nThe research team put the molecule into a soft material. When the researchers stretched the material,it turned bright red for a few seconds before it broke into two pieces. When they repeatedly stretched and relaxed the material,without breaking it,it only turned a little red.\nThe major problem is that light can get rid of the red color. When the team shone bright light on the molecule,the broken bond was fixed,and the color disappeared.\nIf the bright light keeps the red color from appearing,the material's warning system will be useless. Scientists still have a lot of work to do before the colorchanging molecules can be used outside the lab.", "id": "high6560.txt"}