{"answers": ["A", "D"], "options": [["She was trying to do homework when it got dark.", "She was having trouble with math problems.", "She was trying to earn some money.", "She was working on a school project."], ["Experience is needed to be a good inventor.", "Only by inventing things can you know what people need.", "Always try to sell patent rights to large companies.", "You never know what you can do unless you try."]], "questions": ["What caused Becky to invent Glo-sheet?", "With which statement would Becky most likely agree?"], "article": "A person has to be sixteen to drive, seventeen to see certain movies, and eighteen to vote. People can get terrific discounts on all sorts of stuff-provided they're over sixty-five. Everywhere we look there are age limits that define what people can and can't do. But creativity has no boundaries, no limitations. Anyone can invent. And they do. Inventors are popping up at the youngest ages.\nSitting in the car waiting for her mom to return from shopping, Becky decided she might as well try to finish her math homework. But it was growing dark and getting hard to see the paper.\n\"I didn't have a flashlight, and I didn't want to open the car door because then the whole car would light up.\" recalled Becky. \"So I thought it would be neat to have my paper light up somehow, and that's when the idea came to me.\"\nIt isn't every day that a ten-year-old invents a product eagerly sought by several businesses, but that's exactly what Becky Schroeder did when she created a tool that enabled people to write in the dark. Her invention? The Glo-sheet.\nThat night Becky went home, trying to imagine different ways of making her paper glow in the dark. She remembered all sorts of glow-in-the-dark toys-like balls and Frisbees-and wondered how they were made. She was determined to find a solution. So they very next day, Beck's dad took her on an outing to the hardware store. They returned with a pail   of _ . She took the paint and stacks of paper into the darkest room in the house-the bathroom. There, she experimented.\n\"I'd turn on the light, turn it off, turn it on,\" said Becky. \"My parents remember me running out the room saying 'It works, it works! I'm writing in the dark!' \"\nShe used an acrylic board and coated it with a specific amount of phosphorescent paint. She took a complicated idea and made it work rather simply. When the coated clipboard is exposed to light, it glows. The glowing board then illuminates or lights up the paper that has been placed on top. Two years after her initial inspiration, in 1974, Becky became the youngest female ever to receive a U.S. patent.\nShe didn't actively market her Glo-sheet. She didn't need to. The New York Times wrote an article about an incredible invention-patented by a twelve-year-old, and the inquiries and orders streamed in.", "id": "high6561.txt"}