{"answers": ["C", "B", "D"], "options": [["It has fewer functions.", "It can be used to enjoy music.", "It is less expensive.", "It is more attractive."], ["It can sell agricultural products", "It provides useful information to farmers", "It is free of charge mainly for farmers.", "It helps farmers to make production plan."], ["Indonesians like services on the Internet", "The Internet is widely used in Indonesia.", "Feature phones are the only choices in Indonesia.", "More and more Indonesians use smartphones."]], "questions": ["Why are feature phones popular in Indonesia?", "What is true of the service Life Tools?", "What is the main idea of the text?"], "article": "Twenty-three-year old Rio Safiyanto sells face masks, or coverings, for about 30 cents each in central Jakarta, Indonesia. He makes enough money to buy a cell phone that permits him to visit websites. He says every average person has a cellphone. He likes having one because he can talk to his family when he is away from home. And, he is especially pleased that he can use it to listen to music. It is known as a feature phone . That is because it is cheaper and cannot perform as many actions as more advanced phones like the Apple iPhone.\nThese devices make up the majority of cell phones sold around the world. They have proven more successful in places like Indonesia, where some smartphones cost 700 dollars or more. Although many lower-income users are new to smartphones, they are quickly learning to use the technology.\nCell manufacturer Nokia offers a service called Life Tools. For a small monthly payment, the company sends text messages to farmers. The messages tell of weather conditions, crop prices, agricultural news and give other advice.\nLocal businessman Aldi Haryopratomo has developed a way for small store owners to sell things like prepaid cellphone minutes and life insurance through text messages. Ruma is the company that developed the technology. The company is working on a system that will _ people about jobs in their area.\nAt a recent digital technology show in Jakarta, banks offered no-interest financing for credit card purchases. Marina Luthfiani manages a mobile shop in the area. She said almost everyone can buy a smartphone because of competitive financing and credit choices. She says Indonesians like to buy the latest devices.\nA report last June by Semiocast, a French internet research company, said Jakarta was the world's top tweeting city, ahead of Tokyo and London.", "id": "high6572.txt"}