{"answers": ["A", "B", "B"], "options": [["A little confidence may help you achieve what might be impossible.", "Mrs. Goff is the best math teacher.", "A teacher determines the fate of a student.", "The author became successful due to Mrs. Goff."], ["the author now is working as an excellent teacher.", "Mrs. Goff has a great effect on the author.", "the author has made many mistakes at school.", "Mrs. Goff should have helped the author more."], ["to make him realize he can help people around", "to help him gain more and more confidence", "to tell him how to give others encouragement", "to share her experience with him and others."]], "questions": ["What can we conclude from the passage?", "It can be inferred from the passage that   _  .", "Mrs. Goff spent much time with the author  _  ."], "article": "Mrs. Goff is a math teacher at Lincoln High School. Mrs. Goff and I met my freshman year. Zach Howe and I were on our way to a baseball game when he said he needed to get his stuff from Mrs. Goff's room. I had no idea who she was then, but he said she was great. Well, he was definitely right.\nLast year, I had a college math class that required me to be in the computer lab, which was located directly behind Mrs. Goff's room. When I struggled in the section, I would go to Mrs. Goff's and ask for assistance. She told me that I was a little too dependent and not confident enough in my ability.\nA little confidence, combined with effort, will do wonders for anyone in anything. If you go into something thinking negative thoughts, negative things will happen. Mrs. Goff taught me that it was OK to make a few mistakes. Mistakes are a part of everyone's life. She told me that it is how you learn from them that defines your character. A person that learns from his or her mistakes is more likely to be a successful person in life.\nThis year, I have spent a lot of time with Mrs. Goff. She really helps me instill  confidence in myself and others around me. The encouragement that she has given me made me realize that I can do the same thing for people. Therefore, she has helped my leadership skills and increased my confidence in being outgoing.\nMrs. Goff is a great role model in my life, and I appreciate everything she has done for me. I will never forget the things that she has done for me and the things she has helped me learn and accomplish throughout high school. I hope to be as good a teacher as she and give encouragement that she has for me and all of her students.", "id": "high6575.txt"}