{"answers": ["A", "A", "B"], "options": [["governments to make right policieshave made efforts", "students to meet their teachers' requirements", "teachers to understand if their students", "parents to compare their kids' behavior across schools"], ["Disadvantaged students can benefit from state tests.", "Tests should focus on what students have actually learned.", "Intelligent tests decide if children should get a high - quality education.", "Intelligent tests are helpful in separating excellent students from poor ones."], ["To re-assess the value of IQ testing.", "To defend the role of testing in education.", "To explain what high-quality education means.", "To call for thorough and complete reform in education."]], "questions": ["According to the passage, school exams enable   _  .", "Which of the following does the author probably agree with?", "What is the purpose of the passage?"], "article": "No one wants to be tested. We would all like to get a driver's license without answering questionsabout rights of way or showing that we can parallel park a car. Many future lawyers and doctors probablywish they could join their profession without taking an exam.\nBut tests and standards are a necessary fact of life. They protect us from unskilled drivers, harmful products and dishonest professionals. In schools too exams play a. constructive role. They tell public officials whether new school programs are making a difference and where new investments are likely to pay off.\nThey tell teachers what their students have learned--and have not. They tell parents how their children are doing compared with others their age. They encourage students to make more effort.\nIt is important to recall that for most of century, educators used intelligence tests to decide whichchildren should get a high-quality education. The point of IQ testing was to find out how much children were capable of learning rather than to test what they had actually learned. Based on IQ scores, millions of children\nwere assigned to _ instead of solid courses in science, math, history, literature andforeign language.\nThis history reminds us that tests should be used to improve education. Every child should have access to a high-quality education. Students should have full opportunity to learn what will be tested; otherwise theirscores will merely reflect whether they come from an educated family.\nIn the past few years, we have seen the enormous benefits that flow to disadvantaged students because of the information provided by state tests. Those who fall behind are now getting extra instruction inafter-school classes and summer programs. In their efforts to improve student performance, states are\nincreasing teachers salaries, testing new teachers and insisting on better teacher education.\nPerformance in education means the mastery of both knowledge and skills. This is why it is reasonable totest teachers to make sure they know their subject matter, as well as how to teach it to young children. And this is why it is reasonable to assess whether students are ready to advance to the next grade or graduate\nfrom high school.", "id": "high6579.txt"}