{"answers": ["D", "B", "D"], "options": [["storybook", "perfect canvas", "musical instrument", "television"], ["it can be put into a schoolbag", "children can carry much less with it", "it has a stylish protective case", "it contains all the textbooks"], ["has both advantages and disadvantages", "hasn't been put into use", "needs to be further improved", "is a perfect gift for kids"]], "questions": ["The Kidget probably can't serve as a   _  .", "A hidden advantage of Kidget is that   _  .", "We can infer from the text that Kidget   _  ."], "article": "Technology and the present generation of kids go hand in hand. Taking advantage of this factor, Lim Hojoon, the designer from South Korea, has come up with an educational gadget   especially for children.\nKidget, as the name suggests, is a combination of two words - kid and gadget. This kid-friendly gadget has various uses. When your child is in a mood to read, it takes the form of a storybook. When the mood is to draw and color this wonder gadget turns into a perfect canvas  . Your child can freely give color to all his/her imaginations. Should he or she wish to have some fun, see this device change into a musical instrument. You too would enjoy doing activities with your loved one using this gadget. This touch screen device will definitely prove to be an ideal friend.\nAs many parents agree, in this age of technological advancements it is much easier to introduce children to new gadgets than adults. While many adults refrain   from trying out something new, kids are more than prepared to take the leap. Keeping this fact in mind, Kidget is the perfect gift for the child of the 21st century. You will be surprised to see how fast your little one gets acquainted with the device. You might even find yourself lagging   behind at times.\nKidget has another hidden advantage. It helps take the load off young shoulders. With three things rolled into one, a child has much less books, stationary items and related goods to carry. It comes with a promise to make life simpler for kids. Not only is it simple to use but also easy to carry along. The stylish protective case comes with a belt attached to it. Children up to 14 years of age, the targeted audience, enjoy the freedom that comes with it.", "id": "high6615.txt"}