{"answers": ["C", "B", "D", "A"], "options": [["They looked down upon each other.", "They didn't leave water to each other.", "They couldn't stand each other.", "They didn't know how to protect themselves."], ["They grew taller and stronger.", "They were both drying up.", "The tree defeated the vegetables.", "The vegetables defeated the tree."], ["making peace with the tree", "working together with other vegetables", "entering the gardening contests", "growing big enough"], ["We ought to live in harmony with others.", "We ought to save as much water as possible.", "We ought to learn from each other in some ways.", "We ought to learn to respect each other."]], "questions": ["What is the problem between the tree and the vegetables?", "What is the result of the fight between the tree and the vegetables?", "The courgette thought of ways to solve the conflict by_.", "What can we learn from this passage?"], "article": "Once upon a time, there was a lovely vegetable field, on which grew a very thick tree. Both the vegetables and the tree gave the place a wonderful appearance, which was the joy of the garden's owner. What no one knew was that the vegetables in the field and the tree couldn't stand each other. The vegetables hated the tree's shadow, because it left them only just enough light to survive. The tree, on the other hand, hated the vegetables because they drank nearly all the water before it could get to him, leaving him with just enough to survive.\nThe situation became so extreme that the vegetables got totally fed up and decided to use up all the water in the ground so that the tree would dry up. The tree answered back by refusing to give the vegetables shadow from the hot midday sun, so they both began to dry up. Before long, the vegetables were really thin and the tree's branches were drying up.\nNeither of them thought that the gardener, on seeing his vegetable field becoming worse, would stop watering it. When he did that, both the tree and the vegetables really learned what thirst was. There seemed to be no solution, but one of the vegetables, a small courgette , understood what was going on, and decided to deal with it. Despite the little water and the unbearable heat, the little courgette did all he could to grow, grow...He managed to grow so big that the gardener started watering the field again. The gardener wanted to enter that beautiful big courgette in some gardening contest.\nAnd so the vegetables and the tree realized that it was better to help each other than to fight. They should really learn how to live in harmony with those around them, doing the best they could. So they decided to work together, using both the shadow and the water in the best combination to grow good vegetables. Seeing how well they were doing, the gardener now gave the best of care to his vegetable field, watering it better than any other field for miles around.", "id": "high6617.txt"}