{"answers": ["B", "A", "D"], "options": [["The establishment of the American Red Cross.", "A general introduction of Clara Barton's life.", "Clara Barton's contribution to the Red Cross.", "Clara Barton's service in the army."], ["Because officials didn't make her principal.", "Because she wanted to work in a Patent Office.", "Because she wanted to serve in the army.", "Because she was not satisfied with the pay."], ["She set up a free school.", "She collected supplies for the army.", "She identified missing soldiers.", "She set up the American Red Cross."]], "questions": ["What does this text mainly tell us about?", "Why did Clara give up her job in the free school?", "What is the greatest contribution made by Clara Barton?"], "article": "At the age of 16, Clara Barton was advised to become a teacher, since she was quite shy. She taught in Massachusetts for ten years, and was invited to Bordentown, New Jersey, to teach in a private school. She saw personally that these communities needed free education for their citizens, and she responded by creating a free school, one of the first in her state. Later, officials ignored her and appointed a male as principal instead. She resigned and moved to Washington DC, becoming the first woman employed by the U. S. Patent Office.\nClara Barton was forever changed by her experience with the troops in the Civil War. She saw surgeons dressing wounds with cornhusks , since they had nothing else. The medical supplies for the Army were well behind the troops, who were moving faster than their medical supply lines. She brought in a wagon of bandages and medical supplies that she had collected personally beforehand. Barton continued to work on the battlefields throughout the war.\nShe helped in the identification process of 13,000 dead Union soldiers. Afterward, she was an important figure in a campaign to identify missing soldiers from the Civil War. This non-stop work _ her, and upon recommendation by her physicians, she traveled to Europe to recover herself.\nWhile in Europe, and still in poor health Miss Barton was moved by the hardship on civilians brought about by the France-Prussia war. She helped in their relief effort, and in that work she was inspired to create the Red Cross, which served all troops and civilians.\nClara Barton returned to America and then began the establishment of the American Red Cross. The US government did not think there would ever be another war, after the horror of the Civil War. But she convinced them that the Red Cross would be valuable to serve in times of natural disasters, as well. This was her lasting legacy , an agency that still provides aid to victims today.", "id": "high6618.txt"}