{"answers": ["D", "A", "C", "A", "B"], "options": [["he knew the author didn't want to stay there", "his company was too small to hire so many people", "he believed the author could get more pay that way", "the management was preparing to close the department"], ["The hero in a movie.", "His wife.", "His boss.", "The customers."], ["8 hours.", "15 hours.", "20 hours.", "24 hours."], ["if a person does his best and keeps positive, he'll succeed", "if a person takes advice from others, he'll make progress", "if a person is clever, he'll realize his dream sooner or later", "if a person wants to change his fate, he mustn't change his job"], ["My Work Experience", "My First Management Job", "How to Correct Your Situation", "The Importance of Working Hard"]], "questions": ["The General Manager advised the author to look for a new job mainly because  _  .", "Who caused the author to decide to change his situation?", "How long did the author stay in his department every day during that month?", "The experience of the author shows that  _  .", "What would be the best title for this passage?"], "article": "When I started my career in management, I was really green, but I always tried to stay positive on the job. I was working for a new company that was having a difficult time with its customers. Actually, at one point my General Manager told me he liked me and suggested I should start looking for a new job as we were about to lose our only order. Every day we faced people leaving the company, customers complaining, and upper management preparing to close the place.\nOne night, I went home thinking about the problems. My wife told me to forget about work and see a movie. We went and saw Slumdog Millionaire. Jamal, an eighteen-year-old Indian young man, is from a poor family and becomes rich later. He tries his best to change his position. I realized what we needed to do was to correct the situation.\nThe next day I called my customers to have a talk. I promised to do my best to solve the problems if they would give us some time. As a result, we were given one month to turn the situation around. This was our only chance to correct the situation. To achieve this, I worked day and night with my team. I can remember working from 6 a. m. and not going home until 2 a. m. the next day.\nTo make a long story short, we succeeded in solving all of the problems and at the same time increased our productivity . The customers and management were very happy, and I knew at that moment we had saved our jobs. Actually things went so well that we ended up having our pay doubled.\nThrough this experience I understand that you can achieve what you desire as long as you work at it and stay positive.", "id": "high6623.txt"}