{"answers": ["D", "A", "D", "B"], "options": [["a not very normal mental condition", "a disease that can be easily cured", "something we pick up after birth", "a kind of emotional disability"], ["has dealt with shyness very successfully", "has done away with his shyness carefully", "is described as a hero in some legend books", "failed to become a good talk show host"], ["proud all the time", "close to Jane Fonda", "impolite when young", "shy in her early years"], ["we are not open enough", "we don't feel secure at heart", "we try to reach out to others all the time", "we lack some social skills"]], "questions": ["In the author's view, shyness can be explained as  _  .", "From the passage, we know that Johnny Carson  _  .", "The passage tells us that Sally Fields was  _  .", "The author thinks that our shyness is there because  _  ."], "article": "People often talk as if shyness is a disease or mental condition that can be cured. I prefer to think of it as an emotional disability. It's something we are born with and something we carry with us in our entire lives. There are too many people, however, who seem to be determined to find some way of doing away with their shyness. In my opinion, it's a waste of time. I don't mean that we should do nothing about it; quite the contrary, I think we need to separate the basic fact of our shyness from our ability to take part in a social environment.\nLook at one of the most famous shy people of them all, Johnny Carson. This man is painfully shy, yet for decades he made a living talking and associating with different people every night, in front of a national audience. Carson has never done away with his shyness, but he has successfully found a way to deal with it to the extent that he could be, not just a talk show host, but a legend among talk show hosts. Look also at Sally Fields, who has recently admitted her problem with shyness. This is a woman who has appeared in many films, TV shows and interviews, yet in her early years she was so shy that she turned down a lunch invitation from Jane Fonda because she was terribly afraid of meeting her.\nI guess that our shyness is there because each of us is born with some insecurity and this insecurity prevents us from reaching out to others the way people with a more open personality do. As we grow up and become adults, we allow our social skills to grow and develop. But we are still stuck in kindergarten or elementary school or wherever it was when our shyness took root in our soul.", "id": "high6627.txt"}