{"answers": ["B", "D", "A", "D"], "options": [["tell the readers how to take proper exercise every day", "provide some advice on how to form a healthy lifestyle", "ask people to care about their health rather than their work", "make some surveys among those who have health problems"], ["low intake of protein.", "low intake of fat.", "over intake of fiber.", "over intake of sugar."], ["use mobile phones too much", "have too much homework", "eat too much sugar every day", "don't have enough exercise"], ["45 minutes.", "90 minutes.", "115 minutes.", "135 minutes."]], "questions": ["The author wrote the passage to   _  .", "Which of the following can lead to getting fat according to the passage?", "The main reason why teenagers don't have enough sleep is that they   _  .", "How many minutes do you need to do exercise at least every week?"], "article": "Modern science suggests that a healthy lifestyle matters much to how long you can live and how well you live. Here are some tips for you to form a healthy lifestyle.\nKeep a scientific diet. Keep in mind that sugar can be removed from our diet completely. Over intake of sugar is one of the main reasons for getting fat. Over intake of protein or fat and low intake of fiber can also lead to getting fat. We need only a few grams of protein every day to keep our body in order. Like rain to crops, not the more the better.\nBe always in a good mood. There is a relation- ship between the mood and health. A good mood keeps you in high spirits. Thanks to the internet, we can enjoy and learn much without going out. Take a look at some online shops and pick up some bargains, enjoy music and movies and chat with some good friends. Just keep happy.\nEnough sleep. Two studies show the reasons why teens and adults don't have enough sleep. With teens, a major reason is mobile phone use; with adults, it's work. Meanwhile, a third study of young children shows that a lack of sleep in early life may lead to serious problems in future. Everyone needs at least 8-hour sleep to recover from tiredness and the hurt caused by hard work in the daytime.\nProper exercise. Do exercise to keep away from fatness. Because of the quick pace of modern life, you don't have time to do exercise every day, but at least three times a week and 45 minutes each time.", "id": "high6630.txt"}