{"answers": ["A", "D", "B", "C"], "options": [["the effect On a business", "the power of Oprah's opinions", "the impact On talk shows", "the assessment of Oprah's talk show"], ["She once gave up on her choice.", "Her swift success has been expected.", "It lives up to her parents' expectation.", "She must have been challenged by white males."], ["success comes after failure", "failure is nothing to fear", "there is no need to set goals too high", "pushing physical limits makes no sense"], ["Dull and pushy.", "Honest but tough.", "Caring and determined.", "Curious but weak."]], "questions": ["The Oprah Effect refers to   _  .", "What can be inferred about Oprah's television career?", ".The message from Oprah to graduates at Harvard is that   _  .", "Which of the following best describes Oprah Winfrey?"], "article": "Oprah Winfrey,born in 1954,is all American talk show host,best known for her multiawardwinning talk show. She is also,according to some assessments,the most influential woman in theworld. It's no surprise that her endorsement can bringovernight sales fortune that defeats most,if not all,marketingcampaigns .The star features about 20 products each year On her\"Favorite Things\" show.There's even a term for it: the Oprah Effect.\nHer television career began unexpectedly. When she was 16 year old,she had the idea of being a journalist to tell other people's stories in a way that made a difference in their lives and the world.She was on television by the time she was 19 years old. And in 1986 she started her own television show with a continuous determination to succeed at first TIME magazine wrote,\"People would have doubted Oprah Winfrey's swift rise to host of The most popular talk show on TV .In a field ruled by white males,she is a black female of big size. As interviewers go,she is no match for,say,what she lacks in journalistic toughness.She makes up for in plainspoken curiosity,rich humor and,above all understanding Guests with sad stories to tell tend to bring out a tear in Oprah's eye .They,in turn,often find themselves exposing things they would not imagine telling anyone,much less a national TV audience.\"\n\"I was nervous about the competition and then I became my own competition raising the bar every year,pushing,pushing,pushing myself as hard as I knew. It doesn't matter how far you might rise. At some point you are bound to fall if you're constantly doing what we do, raising the bar. If you're constantly pushing yourself higher,higher the law of averages,you will at some point fall. And when you do I want you to know this,remember this:there is no such thing as failure. Failure is just life trying to move us in another direction\"as Oprah addressed graduates at Harvard on May 30,2013.", "id": "high6638.txt"}