{"answers": ["D", "B"], "options": [["Habitats were lost.", "Natural disasters struck.", "Native cultures disappeared.", "Foreign languages were spoken."], ["all languages are finally going to die out", "human wisdom can be reflected in languages", "the protective approaches have proved ineffective", "the current situation of languages hardly requires attention"]], "questions": ["What most probably caused the death of languages in the USA and Australia?", "The author believes that   _  ."], "article": "Can a Language Become Extinct?\nA language can become extinct when the last person who can speak it passes away. Or more likely when the secondlast person who speaks it dies because then there is no one left to talk to. According to linguists   there is nothing unusual about a single language dying out. But what is happening today is quite remarkable. According to the recent statistics, there are approximately 6,000 languages in the world as we speak. Of these, about half are going to die out in the next century.\nThere are several reasons as to why a language can eventually die out. These range from natural disasters, such as hurricanes, to sociological factors, like cultural assimilation, in which the culture of a minority group is gradually replaced by a stronger one. The former can cause tribes to leave their natural habitat  and therefore become fewer and fewer in number. However, it doesn't happen very frequently. In fact, the latter is a much bigger threat and it is responsible for the extinction of a lot of languages in countries like the USA and Australia. For instance, Chemehuevi is one of the languages which is really close to dying out since its sole speaker is an old, yet healthy, man named Johnny Hill, Jr.\nIt is very important for as many languages as possible to be preserved. Scientists have been trying to raise people's awareness on how certain tribes have specific words which cannot be expressed in let's say English simply because there is no equal meaning. Namely, the Yupik of Alaska have 99 names to describe different layers of ice formation, or how the Tofa of Siberia classify reindeer  . In other words, when languages die out, mankind's wisdom reduces.\nOn a happier note, there are many famous cases which show what can be done to preserve languages in danger of extinction. In particular, the Maori in New Zealand have created socalled \"language nests\": organizations which help children under five learn the language. They provide them with a setting where they are exposed to the language intensively so that they get to realise that communicating in Maori is as natural as communicating in English. There is always, of course, the risk that the children won't keep the language alive after they have left their \"nests\". Nevertheless, hope dies hard.", "id": "high6639.txt"}