{"answers": ["B", "A"], "options": [["It is no use learning what a true friend is.", "It is very important to understand each other.", "It is a duty for you to meet your friends' need all the time.", "We had better keep silent when staying with our friends."], ["show your interest with a smile to him or her", "make him or her feel more important than you", "never expect him or her to support you", "have your own ways of seeing things"]], "questions": ["Which one of the following is true according to this passage?", "If you want to make friends with someone, you can   _  ."], "article": "Friendship and friends continue to be the centre of our life. The relationship that we share with our friends is grounded in mutual   care as our friends help us in _ our personalities as well. Even in this age of online social networking and e-cards, the need of keeping the network of friends, whether online or offline remains a primary concern for people. We may not completely understand what makes a friend but we all want to have a good number of friends around us.\nThe first step to make friends with someone is to make them like you. If they don't like you in the first place, it is unlikely that they'll be eager to become your friends. To let someone know that you are specially interested in them, simple gestures like a little smile and calling them by their names can lay the basic foundation. To make the other person feel important to you, you need to be a good listener and encourage the other person to talk. Give your honest and sincere opinion but do not directly criticize or make fun of him or her.\nThe second step of making someone your friend is to develop a mutual understanding. You need to share his or her experiences and  it is necessary for you to develop a habit to see things from the other person's point of view.\nThe third or final step towards friendship is to show your unconditional support and encouragement towards your friend. Moreover, you also need to be very clear about your expectations from your friend. If what you expect from the person you want to make friends with matches with what that person can give, the developing friendship between you and your friend is sure to be successful.", "id": "high6653.txt"}