{"answers": ["A", "C", "C"], "options": [["Attitude makes difference", "Well begun is half done.", "The early bird gets the worm.", "Easier said than done."], ["Great people are born to be great and successful", "Life is hard and difficult so we have to give up", "We cannot achieve anything with an easy life", "Practice makes people successful and powerful"], ["Some examples of our daily life.", "His stories of overcoming difficulties.", "Stories of some unlucky great people.", "Some examples of his friend Graham."]], "questions": ["Which of the following would be the best title of the passage?", "From Helen Keller's example we can infer that  _  .", "What do you think the author is most likely to suggest if he/she continues to write?"], "article": "I told my friend Graham that I often cycle the two miles from my house to the town centre but unfortunately there is a big hill on the route. He replied, \"You mean fortunately.\" He explained that I should be glad of the extra exercise that the hill provided.\nMy attitude to the hill has now changed. I used to grumble as I approached it but now I tell myself the following. This hill will exercise my heart and lungs. It will help me to lose weight and get fit. It will mean that I live longer. This hill is my friend. Finally as I wend my way up the incline I console myself with the thought of all those silly people who pay money to go to a gym and sit on stationery exercise bicycles when I can get the same value for free. I have a smug smile of satisfaction as I reach the top of the hill.\nProblems are there to be faced and overcome. Helen Keller was the first deaf and blind person to gain a University degree. Her activism and writing proved inspirational. She wrote, \"Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experiences of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, vision cleared, ambition inspired and success achieved.\"\nOne of the main determinants of success in life is our attitude towards _ . From time to time we all face hardships, problems, accidents, afflictions and difficulties. Some are of our making but many confront us through no fault of our own. Whilst we cannot choose the adversity we can choose our attitude towards it.\nThe biographies of great people are littered with examples of how they took these kinds of steps to overcome the difficulties they faced. The common thread is that they did not become defeatist or depressed. They chose their attitude. They chose to be positive. They took on the challenge. They won.", "id": "high6656.txt"}