{"answers": ["B", "A"], "options": [["they will be admitted to a martial arts class for free", "they can also have a better understanding of themselves", "they can understand the importance of martial arts better", "they will be paid off by those who are helped sooner or later"], ["promotes students' team spirit", "develops students' talents", "benefits students' lives", "exposes students' background"]], "questions": ["Any volunteer will benefit from the experience because   _  .", "According to the author, martial arts training is valuable in that it   _  ."], "article": "Anyone who has ever volunteered for any cause can tell you that in the end, they felt that they gained more from the experience than they gave. This is true for most examples of reaching out to help others. We find that we gain new understanding about not only those we help, but ourselves as well. Stressing the importance of helping others in martial arts students will benefit them both inside and outside of the class.\nHelping others strengthens families. Families that practice the belief of working together and helping each other prepare their children for the concept of teamwork outside of the home environment. By learning to help around the house through activities such as household jobs, baby-sitting and keeping a tidy bedroom, children learn valuable lessons that they carry with them to their future relationships.\nBy helping others outside of the home environment, valuable friendships can be developed. When we learn to reach out to others and give off our time and talents we find that our friendships grow, which in turn is a benefit to our lives. Martial arts training supports this by exposing students to people of various backgrounds and beliefs that gather for a common goal and to help each other. Any time a group of people are working toward a common goal, team spirit surely forms. When we help each other in the martial arts setting and in every area of our lives, a friendship is formed that promotes teamwork.\nThe most important thing to realize is that it does not take a lot to make a lot happen. Little things can make a big difference in the area of helping others. Simple gestures of kindness and support given frequently can build a strong base for the growth and development of each individual which leads to the success of all.", "id": "high6663.txt"}