{"answers": ["C", "D", "B", "A"], "options": [["They are boring", "They are out of date.", "They are attractive", "They are practical"], ["The goddess of victory", "The source of inspiration for soldiers", "The statue of the Greek goddess", "The wing of the Greek goddess."], ["the religious story of Adam and Eve", "a bitten apple with only one color", "Newton's sitting under an apple tree", "the rainbow- colored bitten apple"], ["Mercedes Benz - McDonald's - Nike - Apple.", "Nike - McDonald's - Apple - Mercedes Benz.", "McDonald's - Apple - Nike - Mercedes Benz.", "Nike -Mercedes Benz -McDonald's - Apple,"]], "questions": ["What does the author think of the stories of the great logos?", "What does Nike's logo stand for?", "We can learn that Apple's present logo is  _  .", "Which of the following time orders describes the births of the great logos?"], "article": "I was reading these interesting stories behind a group of great logos   in the world. Personally Nike is my favorite one--it's so simple. And I liked the stories behind them, which made me forget all other things. McDonald's, Apple, Mercedes Benz and Adidas own great logos as well, and they are among my favorites.\nNike\nIn the Greek myth, Nike is the goddess of victory and the source of inspiration for soldiers. This logo represents the wing in the famous statue of the Greek goddess. Nike's logo was designed by Carolyn Davidson in 1971 for $ 35, and was registered as a trademark in 1995.\nMcDonald's\nThe logo was designed in 1962 by Jim Schindler to resemble the archshaped  signs on the side of the company's then walk-up hamburger stand. Later on, the two golden arches were combined together to form the M. The McDonald's name was added to the logo in 1968.\nApple\nThere are different stories behind Apple's logo. The first logo was a reference to the religious story of Adam and Eve, in which the apple represented the fruit of the Tree of Knowledge. One year later, the second logo was designed in 1977 by Steven Jobs and Ronald Wayne, and it described Sir Isaac Newton sitting under an apple tree. This logo didn't stay long. One year later it was replaced almost immediately by graphic designer Rob Janoff's \" rainbow apple\", a rainbow- colored silhouette    of an apple with a bite taken out of it. And then the rainbow- colored apple was replaced by the one- colored logo in 1998. It has not been changed so far.\nMercedes Benz\nThe Mercedes Benz logo, which was originally created by Gottlieb Daimler in 1909, consists of a simple description of a three- pointed star that represents its rule of the land, the sea and the air. The company was founded by Gottlieb Daimler and Wilhelm Maybach. Marcedes is the name of Maybach's elder daughter, while Benz came as a result of a combination with Benz, Cie.and DMG in 1926.\nAdidas\nThe Adidas logo, which was created by the founder of the company Adi Dassler, represents mountains, pointing towards the challenges that are seen ahead and goals that can be achieved. The logo was used for the first time in 1976.", "id": "high6667.txt"}