{"answers": ["A", "D"], "options": [["you may make a fool of yourself trying to be smart", "it means that you should not be above asking questions", "you are actually trying to make fun of your teachers", "it shows that you're trying to pretend to know everything"], ["What a good teacher-student relationship is.", "How to make friends with your classmates at school.", "How to make the classroom a very inviting place.", "How to develop a good relationship with your teachers."]], "questions": ["When you ask a teacher questions you already know the answers to,   _  .", "What's the main idea of this passage?"], "article": "A good relationship between students and teachers makes the classroom a very inviting place. When you like your teachers, it's easier to pay attention to their explanations and improve your marks. When you consider your teachers as friends, you'll certainly have more respect for them. When your teachers consider you to be a friend, they'll feel more open in class and that will probably influence the classroom in a positive way. Now here are some tips to develop a friendly relationship with your teachers:\nAsk questions. If you have any questions about that subject, ask them. Show them that you're interested in their subjects. That will make them notice you. But never ask questions that you already know the answers to. If your teachers realize that you are not asking real questions, they might think that you're not actually trying to learn, but only trying to make an impression.\nTalk about non-school subjects. When you see one of your teachers in the hall, greet him/her and ask if he/she is going to that concert or if he/she has seen that movie. That way you'll show that you consider him/her as a reined. Some teachers don't like to have friendly relationships with students, but most of them are happy to chat with their students. After a while, they may start to talk with you about non-school subjects in the classroom.\nThe rest is totally up to you; it is very easy to develop a friendly relationship with any of your teachers. If you want to be friends with your teachers, just treat them as friends, but don't forget that no matter how good friends you are, they will still be your teachers and deserve your respect.", "id": "high6669.txt"}