{"answers": ["D", "A"], "options": [["To change our lifestyle.", "To have a motivation in life.", "To give less attention to what we are grateful for.", "To realize the difference between needs and desires."], ["Make time for simple pleasures.", "Learn from successful people.", "Focus on your future goals.", "Create chance to learn more."]], "questions": ["How can we live with contentment?", "What should you do to put yourself in a good mood?"], "article": "Have you ever noticed that the more you have the more you want? Let's face it. Thinking our life is good enough doesn't come naturally to many people. When we have high expectations of everything in life we will run into disappointment. Only when we are aware that needs are different from desires can we live with satisfaction. Here are a few ideas to help you be happier with what you have and who you are.\nFocus on what you are thankful for. Most people want things to be better than they are, or when things are going well, we forget to appreciate what we have. Learn to reflect on how much better things are than they could be. Focus on what you are thankful for. Write down 5 things you are grateful for right now.\nWhen we hold onto regrets from decisions we have made, it can really poison our well-being. Many people regret something they can no longer change, which ends up holding them back from moving forward in a more positive manner. What happened in the past is done and gone, so work to stay present and be mindful of the current moment to find more joy and fulfillment.\nWhen we use other people as the measuring stick for our personal success and quality of life we are likely to be less satisfied. Social comparisons can provide useful information when we try to learn from others, but they also hold our perspective in a discontented position. Compare yourself less with others so you can be satisfied more.\nWhen you are focused on your big ambitions and future goals you might _ the daily pleasures that surround you. Learn to slow down and absorb the wonder and beauty around you. Stay present and focus on the task you're undertaking at the moment. Don't let the life pass you by because you're always on the go and distracted by ambition.\nPractice looking at life through the lens of contentment and it will become more natural.", "id": "high6670.txt"}