{"answers": ["D", "C", "B"], "options": [["provide for jobs for homeless children", "help homeless families with emergencies", "sponsor homeless children to go to school", "safeguard homeless children's hard-earned money"], ["all its workers are street children", "it pays its customers no interest", "customers can be made its managers", "it opens in the evening six month a year"], ["welcomes all money, however small it is", "offers more and better service than before", "is run by a 14-year-old boy, Karan alone", "has more than 70 branches across India"]], "questions": ["The initial aim of starting the Children's Development Khazana is to  _  .", "The children's Development Khazana is different from regular banks in that  _  .", "According to the passage, the Children's Development Khazana  _  ."], "article": "Starting a bank a child's play? Absolutely, if you ask some enterprising youngsters in India, who have not only managed to establish one, but also, unlike many of the large International banks, run it successfully since 2001. What's even more impressive is that the young bankers and their 90,004---clients are all homeless!\nThe Children's Development Khazana (treasure) opened its first branch in 2001 at a homeless shelter in New Deli as a way to help the street children protect their hard-earned money from thieves. Since then, the idea has caught on like wildfire.\nToday, Khazana has 12 branches all across New Deli, with a total of Rupees 12lakh (about 22,000USD) in deposits. Not only that, there are now 77 affiliated branches in other parts of Asia, ranging from Nepal, Bangladesh and Afghanistan to the island of Sri Lanka, and even Kyrgyzstan in Central Asia. While no deposit or balance is too small for the bank, they do have strict regulations about where the money is earned from. Funds obtained by begging or selling drugs are not welcomed at this bank !\nAlso, unlike the real banks, all employees are volunteers, which means that they go to school or a paying job during the day and work at the bank in the evening. To ensure that everybody gets a chance to participate in running the branch, two volunteer managers are elected from the clients base every six months.\nKaran, the current manager is just 14-year-old. During the day he earns a living by helping out the cleaning crew at wedding banquets and other big parties. In the evening, he handles the deposits and withdrawals in the bank. After the bank closes, he along with an adult volunteer from the shelter head over to a regular bank and deposit the funds collected into Khazana's interest-bearing bank account and though it started with one single purpose. The Children's Development Khazana is today a well-developed bank, one kids can not only deposit money which earns them 5% interest, but also, request loans for family emergencies, to start a business or even to pay for school.", "id": "high6672.txt"}