{"answers": ["A", "B", "A"], "options": [["Their figure.", "Their future life.", "Their work as a housewife.", "Their eating habits."], ["Glynis.", "Roz.", "Lesley.", "Ros."], ["winning an honor has caused Lesley some worry", "slimming classes had no effect on Glynis", "Ros lost weight after she got married", "Roz thinks she is a born slimmer"]], "questions": ["What are the four women talking about?", "Who doesn't seem to care about her weight?", "According to the passage, we can learn that  _  ."], "article": "Glynis\nI piled on the pounds and I couldn't lose them. Then I joined a slimming club. My target weight was 140 pounds and I lost 30 pounds in six months. I  felt great and people kept saying how good I looked. But Christmas came and I started to slip back into my old eating habits. I told myself I'd lose the weight at slimming classes in the next year, but it didn't happen. Instead of losing the pounds, I put them on. I'd lost will power  and tried to believe the saying that fish and chips didn't make any difference but the scales don't lie.\nRoz\nTo be honest, I never weigh myself any more. I've leant to be happy with myself. It seemed to me that I would feel sorry about every spoonful of tasty food that passed my lips. My idea is simple. You shouldn't think too much about food and dieting. Instead, you should get on with life and stop dreaming of a super-thin body. This is obviously the size I'm meant to be and, most of all I'm happy with it.\nLesley\nI was very happy about winning Young Slimmer of the Year. I'd look in the mirror, unable to believe this slim lady was me! That might have been my problem-perhaps from then on I didn't pay any attention to myself. Winning a national competition makes everything worse, though because you feel the eyes of the world are fixed upon you. I feel a complete failure because I've put on weight again.\nRos\nBefore moving in with my husband Gavin, I'd always been about 110 pounds, but the pleasant environment went straight to my waist and I put on 15 pounds in a year. Every so often I try to go on a diet. I always do well in the first few days, then end up having the children's leftovers or eating chocolate happily-my weakness. I'd like to be slim. I decided to take more exercise when my kids are older.", "id": "high6674.txt"}