{"answers": ["D", "B", "A"], "options": [["your environment where you live", "your experiences", "your knowledge and opportunities", "your beliefs"], ["You should try your best to help the negative people around you.", "You should try to achieve small success to believe in success first.", "The more knowledge you learn, the more you will control your life.", "You should stick to your own beliefs without changing."], ["To imagine your success with your senses.", "To make efforts to achieve them.", "To learn as much knowledge as possible.", "To try to experience success regularly."]], "questions": ["In the author's opinion, your life depends on  _  .", "Which of the following statements is true?", "According to the passage, what is the most important about your beliefs?"], "article": "Your beliefs are very powerful and have the power to create or to destroy your life. In most cases, whatever you believe is what you will become. If you believe that you are a loser, that you never get a breakthrough in life, and that you can't accomplish(succeed in doing) anything, these things will be your reality. Believe that you are unlimited, that you can do anything you hope to do and when you do, your accomplishments will know no bounds. You control your beliefs, and that is how you finally control your life. This is a very important point. So how do you develop beliefs that will empower you?\nMany of our beliefs come from our environment, the world we live in on a daily basis. If your environment is  limiting your beliefs, then work very hard on changing it. If you are constantly around people who are negative and limiting, find other people to hang out with and get around positive, successful people.\nBeliefs also come from past experiences. That is why it is so important to experience success on a regular basis. Set small achievable goals, and then try your best to reach them. \"I will finish this project by early afternoon.\" \"I will make six calls on the phone in the next hour.\" \"I will exercise 20 minutes tonight.\" When you start to experience success, then you start to believe in success, and that leads to more and bigger successes.\nBeliefs come from knowledge. The more you learn, the more things you will possibly know.\nAlways take the advantage of opportunities to learn something new. It will bring new possibilities into your beliefs and your life.\nMost importantly, you can develop new beliefs by setting and visualizing  goals for\nyour life. Define your goals clearly. Then in your mind, see yourself achieving them in all of their sensory details. Mentally live the experience, see the sights, hear the sounds, smell the aroma, and feel the feelings. The beliefs formed in this way will lead you to their reality.", "id": "high6675.txt"}