{"answers": ["B", "C", "A"], "options": [["People had more money at that time.", "People couldn't travel freely.", "The government spent a lot of money on films.", "People were made to see movies by the government."], ["domestic violence", "desire for freedom", "protests against wars", "oversea military activities"], ["Development of Hollywood comedy movies.", "Famous comedians in Hollywood history.", "Outstanding comedies made in Hollywood.", "Chaplin's contribution to comedies."]], "questions": ["Why did Hollywood movies grow rapidly during World War II?", "The theme of the 1970s Hollywood comedies is   _  .", "What does this passage mainly talk about?"], "article": "Chaplin was one of the famous clown-style actors of the silent time. It was through Charlie Chaplin that the Hollywood comedy movies became famous.\nThen in the 1920s came another trend of animated cartoons. They were the most popular Hollywood comedy movies of the time. The several popular characters of that era were Felix the cat, Krazy Kat and Betty Boop. However, the popularity of these movies was blocked out due to lack of sound and color. The end of 1920s, the Hollywood comedy industry marked a change brought about by the introduction of sound into the movies. This has allowed the industry to create dramatic new film styles and use verbal humor. These films were soon replacing silent movies. These films used dialogue of comedians such as the W.C Fields and the Marx Brothers. Charlie Chaplin was the last comedian to have acted in the silent films.\nWhen the United States entered into World War II, Hollywood movies changed its course to themes related to the conflicts, and Hollywood comedy movies described more on military themes. The war time experienced a boom, where restrictions on the traveling made nearly a quarter of the money spent on attending movies.\nIn the 1950s, the interest shifted where the TV became popular. During this time the release of Hollywood comedy films declined  . The 1960s saw an increasing number of broad, star-packed comedies. In 1970 Hollywood comedy movies reflected the anti-war sentiment, which was popular then.\nIn the 1980s the gag   based comedy Airplane was released, and Hollywood comedy movies paved its way for more of the same. The popular comedians of this time included Dudley Moore, Tom Hanks, etc. Jim Carrey, the Canadian actor and a comedian, came into Hollywood comedy movies in the late 1980s where he won the role in such a comedy, Copper Mountain.\nThe most popular Hollywood comedy movies were of John Hughes, which includes Ferris Buellers Day Off and Home Alone series of 1990s. The later films focused more on family audience. This was a revival   in comedy movies. Comedy movies remain popular till date.", "id": "high6679.txt"}