{"answers": ["C", "A", "D"], "options": [["animal languages are simple to learn", "people can understand animal languages", "different animals use different languages", "animals communicate with each other"], ["what words and grammar he uses", "whether he uses sign language", "where he lives", "who he communicates with"], ["The culture of different countries", "The language in different cultures", "The development of language", "The meaning of the language"]], "questions": ["The examples of bees and whales are used to show   _  .", "To judge whether a person speaks a dialect, you can depend on   _  .", "What would be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "Simply, language is what people and animals use to communicate their thoughts, ideas and feelings. Of course, animals communicate with each other differently from humans, and each type of animal communicates differently. For example, a bee uses a dance to tell the rest of the bees in the hive   where there is food, while whales communicate through the use of pleasant-sounding sounds. One could say then, that animals use different languages.\nLike animals, people also use different languages. Each culture has its own words and symbols that are used by people within that culture to communicate with others in the same culture. For example, a person living in Japan will use the Japanese language to communicate with other Japanese. Unlike animals though, some cultures use more than one language. People within these cultures are said to be either bilingual   or multilingual  . One such place is Canada. It is very likely that a person living in Canada may speak both French and English. Likewise, a person living in Switzerland may speak Italian, German and French.\nNot only do people use different languages to communicate, but languages also have different dialects. A dialect is a difference of a language which uses words and grammar somewhat differently from the standard form of the same language. For example, people who live in Manchester, England speak a dialect that is a little different from people who live in London, England; however, people in both cities speak English.\nThere are also some people who don't use a spoken language at all. These people use their hands to communicate. This type of language is called sign language and is most commonly used by people who are deaf.\nNow that we know how people communicate, we are faced with a question. Are we part of a certain culture because of the language we speak, or do we speak a particular language because we are part of that culture? To put it more simply, is a Chinese person Chinese because he speaks Chinese, or does he speak Chinese because he was born in China? What part does language play in the definition   of culture?", "id": "high6695.txt"}