{"answers": ["C", "D", "B", "A"], "options": [["private schools", "universities", "public schools", "community   college"], ["Most high school students choose their courses against their wills.", "The students do their afterclass activities all the afternoon.", "Parents are allowed to take part in school activities in the morning.", "If you don't send your fiveyearold child to school in Canada--you break the law in Canada."], ["There are only boys in some private schools.", "There are only boys in some public schools.", "There are both boys and girls in some private schools.", "There are both boys and girls in all public schools."], ["on school holidays", "in school", "at work", "preparing for the final examination"]], "questions": ["According to the passage,students in Canada can get education for free in   _  .", "Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage?", "Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?", "We can tell that from the middle of June to August,the students in Canada are   _  ."], "article": "Getting a good education is more important today than ever before. It is the best thing you can do to build a better future for your children and yourself.\nMost children in Canada attend public schools. Public schools are completely founded by governments through tax   income. Boys and girls attend the same school and share the same courses and classes. Schooling in Canada is provided in English and in French.\nThe rest of Canadian children attend private schools,which are supported mainly by fees   paid directly by parents. Some private schools enroll   only boys or girls.\nBy law,children must attend school from age 5 to 16.Children are usually in school between 8:30 or 9:00 a.m.,and 3:00 or 4:00 p.m.Monday through Friday,from September to the middle of June. There are several different levels in the Canadian education system. The first is called Elementary Schools. In most provinces Elementary Schools include Kindergarten through Grade 7 or 8.\nFrom Grade 8 or 9 through 12 or 13,children go to Secondary School or High School. High School students must take certain courses for several years,such as English or French and mathematics. Some courses help students get a job after they graduate from school. Other courses prepare students for college or university. In Canada,teenagers usually make these choices for themselves,with the advice of their teachers,guidance counselor   and parents.\nSchools usually offer extra activities at the end of the normal school day. These include sports,games,music and clubs.\nMost elementary and high schools encourage parents to take part in school activities. Parents' nights are organized from time to time. These are chances for parents to discuss their children's progress with teachers. You may wish to bring a friend with you. After graduating from high school,many young adults continue their studies through postsecondary education.", "id": "high6715.txt"}