{"answers": ["A", "C", "D", "C", "B"], "options": [["They are cheaper than traditional newspapers.", "They are more convenient to read.", "You can choose the kind of voice you want to hear.", "You can easily save information for future use."], ["The technology is impossible now.", "Computer newspaper s are too expensive.", "The popularization of computers needs a long time.", "Traditional newspapers are easier to read."], ["they don't know how to use computers", "they think computer newspapers take too much time to read", "they think the new technology is bad", "they have been trained to write For traditional newspapers"], ["all technological changes are good", "new technologies don't always replace old ones", "new technologies will eventually replace old ones", "traditional newspapers are here to stay for another century"], ["Computer newspapers are well liked.", "Newspapers of the future will be on the computer.", "Newspapers are out of fashion.", "New communications technology."]], "questions": ["Which of the following is NOT an advantage of computer newspapers?", "Which of the  following is a reason why it will take a long time to complete the changeover?", "It can be inferred that journalists are against computer newspapers because   _   .", "We can infer from the passage that", "What is the best title of the passage?"], "article": "Sometime in the next century, the familiar early-newspaper on the front porch   will  disappear. And instead of reading your newspaper, it will read to you. You'll get up and turn on  the computer newspaper just like switching on the TV An electronic voice will distribute stories  about the latest events, guided by a program that selects the type of news you want. You'll even get to choose the kind of voice you want to hear. Want more information on this brief story? A simple touch makes the entire text appear. Save it in your own personal computer if you like. These are among the predictions from communication experts working on the newspapers of the future. Pictured as part of broader home-based media and entertainment systems, computer newspapers will unite print and broadcast reporting, and offer news and analysis with video images of news events.\nMost of the technology is available now, but convincing more people that they don't need to  read a newspaper is the next step. But resistance to computer newspapers may be stronger from  within journalism. Since it is such a cultural change, it may be that the present generation of  journalists and publishers will have to die off before the next generation realizes that the  newspaper industry is no longer a newspaper industry. Technology is making the end of ' traditional newspapers unavoidable.\nDespite technological advances, it could take decades to replace newsprint with computer  screens. It might take 30 t0 40 years to complete the changeover because people need to buy  computers and because newspapers have established financial interests in the paper industry.", "id": "high6765.txt"}