{"answers": ["C", "B"], "options": [["he tried to get involved in politics", "the nuclear bomb could be built by German scientists", "many people died during the war in vain", "President Franklin persuaded him to do so"], ["believed in God", "was proud of being Jewish", "suggested that nuclear weaponry should be banned", "made great achievements in peace"]], "questions": ["The reason why Einstein was against the war was that   _", "We can learn from the passage that Einstein   _"], "article": "Einstein's connection with the politics of the nuclear bomb is well known: He signed the letter to President Franklin Roosevelt that persuaded the United States to take the idea seriously, and he engaged in postwar efforts to prevent nuclear war. But these were not just the isolated actions of a scientist dragged into the world of politics. Einstein's life was, in fact, \"divided between politics and equations .\"\nSickened by what he saw as the waste of human lives during the First World War, he became involved in antiwar demonstrations. His support of civil disobedience did little to endear him to his colleagues. Then, following the war, he directed his efforts toward reconciliation  and improving international relations. And soon his politics were making it difficult for him to visit the United States, even to give lectures.\nEinstein's second great cause was Zionism . Although he was Jewish, Einstein rejected the idea of God. However, a growing awareness of anti-Semitism , both before and during the War, led him gradually to identify with the Jewish community, and later to become an outspoken supporter of Zionism.\nHis theories came under attack. One man was accused of motivating others to murder Einstein and fined a mere six dollars. When a book was published entitled 100 Authors Against Einstein, he retorted, \"If I were wrong, then one would have been enough!\" When Hitler came to power, Einstein then in America declared he would not return to Germany. While Nazi attacked his house and confiscated his bank account, a Berlin newspaper displayed the headline \"Good News from Einstein--He's Not Coming Back.\"\nFearing that German scientists would build a nuclear bomb, Einstein proposed that the United States should develop its own. But he was publicly warning of the dangers of nuclear war and proposing international control of nuclear weaponry. Throughout his life, Einstein's efforts toward peace probably achieved little and won him few friends. His support of the Zionist cause, however, was recognized in 1952, when he was offered the presidency of Israel. He declined, saying he was too naive in politics. But perhaps his real reason was different:\"  Equations are more important to me, because politics is for the present, but an equation is something for eternity.\"", "id": "high6771.txt"}