{"answers": ["B", "A", "D", "C"], "options": [["it's a bad decision to work from home", "presidential visits bring inconvenience to the locals", "if a person wants to be more productive, he must work from home", "the former California governor was angry at the interruption during the interview"], ["working from home has some drawbacks", "working from home is a pleasant experience", "Barack Obama has better working conditions than the author", "it's unfortunate for the author to have a naughty boy"], ["he wants to get familiar with the people around", "he doesn't like working in his pyjamas at home", "he becomes bored with being a commuter", "he needs some changes to get relaxation"], ["the author has to work from home", "any routine definitely means boredom", "the author is a humorous person", "working from home contributes to avoiding duties"]], "questions": ["The author may agree that   _", "The incident of three-year-old son is described to prove that  _", "The reason why the author goes to the coffee shop is that   _", "The whole passage suggests that   _"], "article": "Fortunately, I've been able to avoid the traffic jam brought by presidential visits because ! don't have to commute anywhere. Barack Obama visited Los Angeles recently which paralyzed large sections of a city and you could almost hear the collective pain of unhappy commuters.\nI am among the l0 percent of people in the US that regularly work from home. You could include Obama among them, although I suspect his working area in the White House is better-equipped than my small space on to the back of the garage. He also probably doesn't have a problem with three little kids interrupting his phone calls or bursting into his office at inappropriate moments.\nEvery day there they are, knocking on my window and peering inside, as if looking at an animal in a zoo. Once, a telephone interview I was doing with the former California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger was interrupted by my older son, then three years old, and completely naked \"Ahaaar!\" he shouted to my face. \"What was that?\" said Schwarzenegger. I stammered  something about the joys of children and silently managed to shoo the boy out of the room without putting down the phone.\nI shouldn't complain. I no longer have to stand having someone's armpit  being pressed into my face on a crowded train and home status means ! should be a more productive worker although working from home could also lead to \"avoiding duties from home\". I would argue that a bigger problem is going nuts: Staring at the same walls every day and not going anywhere can do strange things to a person.\nI realized I had to get out of the house at least once a day to avoid turning into an unshaven and unshoweredrecluse  who was still in his pyjamas at dinner time. I would work for an hour or so in a local coffee shop but, like most routine, this became boring because I would constantly see the same faces: Screenwriters poring over screenplays, elderly women heading to the yoga studio next door and hordes of overweight middle-aged male cycling by.\nAnd yet here I am several years later, still working from home consciously and, I'm happy to report, not sitting at my desk in my pyjamas. Not since last Tuesday, anyway.", "id": "high6777.txt"}