{"answers": ["C", "B", "D"], "options": [["It appeared earlier than the chocolate bar dispenser.", "It was invented by a Scottish man in 1971.", "It was at first free of charge for its consumers.", "It was originally designed to deposit money."], ["Americans under the age of 18 are not allowed to have an ATM card.", "People are more likely to turn to ATMs for banking service on Fridays.", "Criminals usually choose unsafe locations to steal customers' PINs.", "The ATM crime rate in New York is much lower than that in other state"], ["How to Operate on an ATM", "What is Waiting for ATMs in the Future?", "The First ATM Opened for Business", "The Unknown Truth about ATM"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is true about ATM?", "What can we learn from the text? \"", "Which of the following might be the best title for the text?"], "article": "The cash machine is 47 years old, but where was the birthplace of this world-beating invention? New York? Tokyo? No. The first ever cash machine was born in Enfield Town, north London. It was a Scottish inventor, John shepherd Barron, who realized the concept of a self-service machine that could be used 24 hours a day, seven days a week, to withdraw cash from one's own bank account. _ struck the inventor while he was in the bath. He hit upon the idea of a chocolate bar dispenser, replacing chocolate with cash.\nOn September 2 in 1969, America's first automatic teller machine (ATM) appeared in public, giving out cash to customers at Chemical Bank, New York. It was only able to give out cash, but in 1971, an ATM that could handle many functions, including depositing  money, was introduced. Today there are over one million ATMs around the world, with a new one added every five minutes. It is reported that Americans over the age of 18 use their ATM card six to eight times a mouth. Not surprisingly, ATMs get their busiest workouts on Fridays. In the 1990s, banks began charging fees to use ATMs, a profitable move for them and an annoying one for consumers.\nConsumers were also faced with an increase in ATM crimes. Robbers preyed  on people using money machines in poorly lit or otherwise unsafe locations, and criminals also thought up ways to steal customers' PINs (personal identification numbers), even setting up fake money machines to capture the information. In response, city and state governments passed laws such as New York's ATM Safety Act in 1996, which required banks to install such things as surveillance cameras  , reflective mirrors and locked entryways for their ATMs.", "id": "high6779.txt"}