{"answers": ["D", "A", "C"], "options": [["China", "Europe", "Vietnam", "Asia"], ["The number of Chinese tourists going abroad will be twenty times what it istoday in about 25 years.", "The number of Chinese tourists going abroad will be twenty times what it is today in about 10 years.", "Southeast Asia will become the most popular visiting place in the world.", "Young people will be addicted to Internet travelling."], ["watch TV", "listen to radio news", "read an atlas", "plan a trip"]], "questions": ["These places, Wuyi, Lhasa, Lijiang, Dali, Vientiane and Phnom Penh, lie in   _  .", "Which of the following statements is TRUE?", "One way to increase students' awareness of their global environment is for them to   _"], "article": "All young people dream of travelling the world. They are restless and very eager to see new sights. However, they have little idea how they would really do it if given the chance. Because their knowledge of geography is quite limited, they seldom know much about the places they wish to visit or how they would get there.\nAlready hundreds of thousands of Chinese student tourists are visiting these places-Wuyi, Lhasa, Lijiang, Dali, Vientiane and Phnom Penh. Indeed, these students will soon be the most travelled generation in China's long history. The World Tourist Organization predicts that a quarter of a century from now the number of Chinese tourists going abroad will be twenty times what it is today. The largest percentage of these tourists will visit Southeast Asia. Not all Chinese who travel abroad will be tourists, however. More and more youths are deciding to volunteer their skills in this region; much like their peers in the Peace Corps and VSO.\nCritical thinking skills required include planning for a trip and solving problems after the trip has begun. The focus is on how to read an atlas   to make travel plans and how to find ways of travelling. An atlas offers a wealth of information about geography and is one way to increase students' awareness of their global environment. Use of an atlas especially addresses the needs of students with different visual and spatial   learning styles.", "id": "high678.txt"}