{"answers": ["A", "D"], "options": [["Strengths and weaknesses.", "Plot and character.", "Programs and scenes.", "Location and description."], ["In a personal diary.", "In an official report.", "In a tourist guidebook.", "In a popular magazine."]], "questions": ["Which aspects should be included in all three reviews?", "Where can you probably find the passage?"], "article": "We're always looking for well-written reviews of books, music, movies, television shows, websites, video games and other products. When writing a review, concentrate on exactly what you liked or didn't like. Give examples of strengths and weaknesses, be descriptive and provide background information on an author, director, actor or musician, if possible. Find professional reviews in magazines or newspapers and see how reviewers deal with their topic, but be sure to express your own voice in your review.\nGrammar Hint for Reviews: When describing a book, movie, album or anything else, use the present tense.\nBook Reviews\nDiscuss an author's technique, strengths and weaknesses instead of focusing on the plot. Does the story flow? Is there a strong sense of character and place? Did you stay up until dawn to finish it? Is it good reading for teenagers? What influence did it have on you and why? If you've read other books by the same author, discuss how this book compares.\nMovie Reviews\nThink of the major Oscar categories and consider the performances, music, lighting and setting, etc. Do these work together? Did some hold up while others didn't? If the movie is based on a book, discuss whether one is better than the other and why. If the movie is a remake, compare the film to its original.\nRemember that a well-written movie review should discuss strengths and weaknesses. Some readers may not have seen a movie yet, so don't give away an exciting scene or the ending!\nCollege Reviews\nBegin by providing an overview of the college, including location, size and a description of the campus and/or dorm life. Think about all aspects of your college visit. What academic, athletic and after-class programs are available? What are the students like? What makes the college different from others? Every school has strengths and weaknesses. Be objective. Consider what the school has to offer and who might enjoy or benefit the most from attending there.", "id": "high6785.txt"}