{"answers": ["C", "D"], "options": [["five-year-old Pinot Grigio", "the wine labeled from older vines", "the wine from famous vineyards", "two-year-old Beaujolais Nouveau"], ["the wine with high alcohol levels is definitely terrific", "most wines at the store are intended to be drunk right away", "older vines have lower production", "some winemakers keep the promise all the time"]], "questions": ["It's better to buy", "From the passage we Can infer that"], "article": "Say you're in the wine store and you want to buy something new. You have nothing to go by outside of the label. Will the label tell you anything you should know? Here's some general advice:\nVintage. This is the first thing we look for ourselves. You don't need to care whether 2001 or 2002 was a better year in the Sierra Foothills. The vast majority of wines at the store are meant to be drunk right away, so you make sure the wine isn't too old, particularly if you're buying it expecting lively, fresh fruitiness. We often see five-year-old Pinot Grigio and two-year-old Beaujolais Nouveau at stores, for example, so as soon as we see that kind of age on wines like those, we know we can skip them and move on(and possibly not shop there again).\nAlcohol content. Too many wines have too much alcohol, which leaves them unbalanced. Sure, there are some classic wines with high alcohol levels, but many of today's regular table wines--Merlot, Chardonnay--have levels at 15% or above. Some of those might be terrific, but if we had nothing else to go on, we'd look for alcohol content at about 14% and below.\nThe more specific the better. A wine that says it's from Napa is probably a better bet than a wine that simply says it's from California. Unfortunately, this will also probably be reflected in the price, so this might not tell you much about value, If you care enough to know a few of famous vineyards for producing high-quality grapes, they might help you make an educated guess about quality.\nOld vines. Theoretically, older vines produce fewer, but more flavorful grapes, but the problem is that no one has defined what an \"old vine\" is, so anyone can put this on the label. Just ignore it.\nA phone number. You'd be surprised many small-production wines these days include a phone number on the back and an invitation to call the winerY, which is a sign of a highly personal winerY. We have called those numbers many times over the years and it's amazing how often the winemaker or winerY owner answers the phone.", "id": "high6789.txt"}