{"answers": ["D", "B", "D", "C"], "options": [["he had never travelled abroad before", "he hardly knew any foreign languages", "he was familiar with any other country in Europe", "he would learn something new and different by trying"], ["The author had been abroad only twice.", "The author thought the trip was hard but worthwhile.", "The author admitted that anything different was terrible.", "The author must be good at doing research and making interviews."], ["awkward", "generous", "stubborn", "brave"], ["An Interesting Trip Abroad", "My First Writing Assignment", "Ready to Try and Challenge", "How to Be Daring and Brave"]], "questions": ["The author accepted the assignment because   _", "Which of the following statements is TRUE?", "We can infer from the text that the author is    _  .", "What's the best title of the text?"], "article": "Some years ago I was offered a writing assignment that would require three months of travel through Europe. I had been abroad a couple of times,but I could hardly claim to know my way around the continent. Moreover, my knowledge of foreign languages was limited to a little college French.\nI hesitated. How would I, unable to speak the language, totally unfamiliar with local geography or transportation systems, set up interviews and do research? It seemed impossible, and with considerable regret. I sat down to write a letter begging off. Halfway through, a thought ran through my mind: you can't learn if you don't try. So I accepted the assignment.\nThere were some bad moments. But by the time I had finished the trip I was an experienced traveler. And ever since,I have never hesitated to head for even the most remote of places,without guides or even advanced bookings, confident that somehow I will manage.\nThe point is that the new, the different, is almost scary by definition. But each time you try something, you learn, and as the learning piles up, the world opens to you.\nI've learned to ski at 40, and flown up the Rhine River in a balloon. And I know I'll go on doing such things. It's not because I'm braver or more daring than others. I'm not. But I'll accept anxiety as another name for challenge and I believe I can accomplish wonders.", "id": "high679.txt"}