{"answers": ["B", "A", "D"], "options": [["To explain what a dream career really is.", "To offer tips on finding a dream career.", "To tell us what Career Personality means.", "To give examples of different personalities."], ["One should choose a dream career by his/her personality.", "Choosing a dream career depends on a person's ability.", "One should choose a dream career according to the reality.", "One should try different types of careers by his/her ability."], ["a dream job is one that most people are fond of", "people all want to turn their part-time jobs into full-time ones", "finding our dream career should follow different suggestions", "the author's present dream job is chosen by his personality"]], "questions": ["What is the main purpose of the passage?", "Which of the following about Career Personality is TRUE?", "55. It can be inferred from the passage that"], "article": "What exactly is a Dream Career? I am sure it means different things to different people. You could presently be unsure about what your final job would be. If you have any doubts about what your dream career is, you may know which careers you definitely would not like to do. For example, if you have an interest in art, and do not like math, you most certainly would not be an engineer .If you love art. and have no artist talent ,maybe you would like to be around art instead, as an art curator  \nA career related to your passion, bobby, or special interest, is the path to follow in finding your dream job. Try thinking about what things you like to do in your spare time. Many are attracted toward turning what they love to do in their off work hours into a full time job. For example, if you like to put together model cars, maybe you would like opening your own hobby shop, or work for someone who owns one.\nOnce you find what you arc interested in doing, you can then match this to a career which will be similar to what you are passionate about. What you consider a dream career has to centre around what kind of person you actually are. This is called your Career Personality. What type of person do you consider yourself to be? People are naturally attracted to those things which reflect  who they are as unique individuals. For example, if you are slightly on the shy side, maybe you would like a job where you work on your own. relatively unsupervised ,behind a computer. If you are outgoing, maybe you would like to work with others, and be the supervisor.\nAll it may take to find our dream career is to know ourselves a little better, trust in our own judgment, and be realistic about what we can attain occupationally: This is how I found what I am doing now.", "id": "high6791.txt"}