{"answers": ["C", "A", "D"], "options": [["unclean water", "acetaminophen", "unreal drugs", "online medicines"], ["we had better not buy medicines online", "more and more people will buy products online", "medicine companies don't pay much attention to counterfeit drugs", "it is very cheap and convenient to buy medicines online"], ["France.", "America", "New Zealand", "India"]], "questions": ["Last year twenty children in Bangladesh died because of   _  .", "We can draw a conclusion from the passage that   _  .", "Which of the following country may have serious problems of counterfeit medicines?"], "article": "Counterfeit medicines are a widespread problem in developing countries. Like other _ , they look like real products. But counterfeit drugs may contain too much, too little or none of the active ingredients   of the real thing.\nPeople do not get the medicine they need. And in some cases the counterfeits cause death. Twenty children in Bangladesh died last year after being given acetaminophen  . The medications contained ingredients that looked, smelled and tasted like the real thing. The medicine was produced by a local drug company that used a dangerous substitute to save money.\nThe problem of counterfeit medicines is especially serious in Africa, Asia and Latin America. The WHO estimates that up to thirty percent of medicines on sale in many of those countries are counterfeits. The problem is less widespread among industrialized countries. The WHO says counterfeits make up less than one percent of the illegal drug market in countries like the United States, Canada, Japan, and New Zealand.\nBut the agency also says as much as fifty percent of the medicine sold on the Internet is counterfeit.\nMuch is being done to fight counterfeit drugs. Several companies are developing ways to make counterfeits easier to identify  . And there are existing methods, like a machine that can quickly identify chemicals in pills to confirm if the pills are real. Other ideas include things like special tracking   codes for drug packages. People could send a text message with the code and get a message back, which proves that what they bought is listed in a database. Some drug makers and other companies put three-dimensional images called holograms   on their products as a security device.", "id": "high6798.txt"}