{"answers": ["A", "C", "D"], "options": [["changemakers", "Businessmen", "Social Conditions", "Rubbish Problem"], ["considers Drayton's concept", "gets permission from Ashoka", "tries to improve social conditions", "is a young, happy and healthy adult"], ["changing", "forgiving", "cautious", "Positive"]], "questions": ["Which of the following could be the best title for the passage?", "It can be concluded from the passage that anyone can become a changemaker if he  _", "The authors attitude towards Ashoka's program can be described as  _"], "article": "You may not  have heard of Ashoka,  but for the past 27 years,this association, founded by Bill Drayton, has fought  poverty  and sickness, promoted education and  encouraged small businesses. To support these worthy causes, Ashoka provides money for the world's most  promising \"changemakers\" seeking to solve   urgent problems and would like to create a  world in which every citizen is a changemaker.\nDrayton believes that anyone can become an agent for change. The important thing is to simply give yourself permission. If you see a problem that you care about, you can help solve it. The young in particular are willing to accept this concept because at heart every child wants to grow into a happy, healthy,  contributing adult. In fact It is many young people's ambition to set up programmes or businesses that improve social conditions. An excellent example is an Ashoka project started in 1995 in Dhaka, which handled the rubbish problem facing the city ,helped local farmers and provided an income for poor people there .\nWhen Masqsood and Iftekhar began to study the problem of all the uncollected rubbish that lay in Dhaka's streets,Attracting tats and disease , they discovered that 80% of it was natural waste . So they educated the poor people in the city to compost (......)this waste . They knew that they would have a market for the end product because local farmers were struggling with chemical ferntilisers   which were expensive and had reduced the natural minerals in the soil over the years . At first , they were refused ,but once they were able to persuade _ that there was money to be made , the project took off. In 2009 sales were $14,000.\nDrayton is optimistic that in ten years Ashoka will be making really serious ,practical progress in bringing about social change by changing the way we look at economic development.", "id": "high6802.txt"}