{"answers": ["C", "D", "A", "A"], "options": [["The Birds came up with it.", "It was given by Disney.", "It came from the word \"ash\".", "She got it from her mother."], ["Helpful mice got Cinderella a beautiful dress.", "The ball was held to celebrate the prince's wedding.", "Cinderella left her shoe on the stairs on purpose.", "The birds told the prince that he had been cheated."], ["a wicked person cannot escape punishment.", "a devoted person certainly deserves respect.", "a well-behaved child earns a great reward.", "a dishonest child cannot get mother love."], ["Excellent.", "Ordinary", "Dull.", "Ridiculous."]], "questions": ["How did Cinderella get her name?", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the original story?", "The moral of the original story is that   _  .", "What does the author think of the Disney version?"], "article": "Walt Disney is credited for creating such wonderful things as Donald Duck and Mickey Mouse. However, he cannot take the credit for creating other well-loved characters, such as Cinderella and Snow White. _ are almost automatically associated with Disney because Disney turned old fables  into cartoon movies.\nThe original Cinderella varies very much from the Disney version we know today. It started off with the girl mourning her mother's death and going to her tomb three times a day. In addition, there were only birds that helped Cinderella; there was no such thing as a fairy godmother or helpful mice, nor was there mention of a horse and carriage.\nThe stepsisters were cruel: they always threw Cinderella's food into the ashes of the fire and made her sleep on the ashes on the floor, hence her name.\nIn the original story, the king's ball actually lasted for three days. With the help of the birds, the girl, beautifully dressed, danced with the prince on all three nights and the prince fell in love with her. However, she broke away from him to rush back home each night. On the last night, the prince placed soothing sticky on the stairs; as Cinderella made her escape, a shoe got stuck on it.\nHere now is where the story becomes unpleasant: when the prince went to the house looking for the girl whose foot fit the shoe, the wicked  stepmother told one of her two daughters to cut off her big toe to fit into the shoe. The daughter did as told. So the prince took her away to be his bride. But when they passed the tomb of Cinderella's mother, the birds called out to the prince,\n\"Turn and peep, there's blood in the shoe;\nthe shoe is too small, the true bride waits for you.\" ZXXK\nRealizing he had been tricked, the prince returned the daughter to her mother. The other then had to cut off part of her heel in order to fit into the shoe, with the same result. Only Cinderella's foot fit perfectly and so the prince chose to marry her. The story ends with the wedding day: as Cinderella's two stepsisters followed her, pretending to be devoted to her so that they could enjoy the king's riches, two birds flew by and plucked  out their eyes. Because of their wickedness and falsehood, they had to spend the rest of their days blind.\nThe original Cinderella is so different from the Disney version. Thank goodness Disney made such changes; it indeed was a wise move.", "id": "high6808.txt"}