{"answers": ["D", "C", "A"], "options": [["true happiness lies in achieving wealth by fair means", "big houses are people's most valued possessions", "big houses can in a sense bring richness of life", "true happiness comes from spiritual riches"], ["more money brings more happiness", "art is needed to make your house beautiful", "literature can enrich your spiritual life", "sports contribute mainly to your physical fitness"], ["House of Life", "Secret of Wealth", "Rest and Refreshment", "Interest and Enthusiasm"]], "questions": ["The author intends to tell us that  _  .", "It can be learned from the passage that   _  .", "What would be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "Perhaps you think you could easily add to your happiness with more money. Strange as it may seem, if you're unsatisfied, the issue is not a lack of means to meet your desires but a lack of desires--not that you cannot satisfy your tastes but that you don't have enough tastes.\nReal riches consist of well-developed and hearty capacities    to enjoy life.  Most people are already swamped  with things. They eat, wear, go and talk too much. _ \nYour house of life ought to be a mansion   , a royal palace.  Every new taste, every additional interest, every fresh enthusiasm adds a room.  Here are several rooms your house of life should have.\nArt should be a desire for you to develop simply because the world is full of beautiful things. If you only understood how to enjoy them and feed your spirit on them, they would make you as happy as to find plenty of ham and eggs when you're hungry.\nLiterature, classic literature, is a beautiful, richly furnished room where you might find many an hour of rest and refreshment. To gain that love would go toward making you a rich person, for a rich person is not someone who has a library but who likes a library.\nMusic like Mozart's and Bach's shouldn't be absent. Real riches are of the spirit. And when you've brought that spirit up to where classical music feeds it and makes you a little drunk, you have increased your thrills and bettered them. And life is a matter of thrills.\nSports, without which you remain poor, mean a lot in life. No matter who you are, you would be more human, and your house of life would be better supported against the had days, if you could, and did, play a bit.\nWhatever rooms you might add to your house of life, the secret of enjoying life is to keep adding.", "id": "high6809.txt"}