{"answers": ["B", "B", "C"], "options": [["It was organized by the local authority.", "It was carried out without any lights.", "It was so cold that people chatted to cheer up.", "It was held in the town center of Virginia"], ["you'd better escape from pollution and sunlight", "you'd better follow Sean O'Brien's guidance", "you'd better buy some advanced equipment", "you'd better make use of your imagination"], ["Roman is not built in a day.", "No pains, no gains.", "All roads lead to Roman.", "Time and tide wait for no man."]], "questions": ["What was it special about the Star Party ?", "From the passage, we can infer that if you want to see the objects in the sky_.", "Which of the following can be best describe what O'Brien says about discovering the stars'?"], "article": "More than a hundred adults and kids gather for the Star Party on a cold evening, chattering excitedly as they stand in the dark on a Virginia hillside. The odd thing is, no one has turned on a flashlight, and no streetlights or house lights wink  on around them.\nThese people have traveled to the countryside more than an hour from Washington, D. C., to get away from the glow of city lights.  That's because they are attending a star party. Star parties are gatherings where professional and amateur astronomers set up their telescopes and invite people to come learn about the night sky. Getting away from light pollution, or artificial skylight from buildings for example,  helps stargazers   see objects in the sky much better.\nAt this star party, Sean O'Brien of the National Air and Space Museum's Einstein Planetarium starts off by asking the crowd to simply look up and take in all they can see. He points out plenty of things that can be seen without special equipment. Stars, satellites, and even the Andromeda galaxy  can be found if you know where to look.\nAfter that, several dozen astronomers offer close-up views. Each has focused their telescope on a different part of the sky. As kids take a look, the owner gives a mini-lesson.\nO'Brien says you can have your own star party at home and learn a lot just by paying attention to what's happening up above. \"Watch the sky as the seasons pass, and you will see that it changes,\" he says. \"Or start with the moon. Notice when and where you are seeing it--maybe even in the early morning while you wait for the school bus. \"", "id": "high681.txt"}