{"answers": ["A", "D", "C", "A"], "options": [["His university education focused on the theoretical knowledge.", "His dream at university was to become a volunteer.", "He took pride in having contributed to the world.", "He felt honored to study English literature."], ["participated in many discussions", "went through challenging survival tests", "wrote quite a few paper on voluntary work", "faced strong competition from other candidates"], ["asked to lead a farming team", "sent to teach in a schoolhouse", "received warmly by local villagers", "arranged to live in a separate house."], ["He found some difficulty adapting to the local culture", "He had learned to communicate in the local language.", "He had overcome all his weaknesses before he left for home.", "He was chosen as the most respectable teacher by his students."]], "questions": ["What do we know about the author?", "In his application for the volunteer job, the author  _", "On arrival at the village, the author was  _", "What can we infer from the author's experiences in Nigeria?"], "article": "Like many new graduates, I left university full of hope for the future but with no real idea of what I wanted to do. My degree, with honors, in English literature had not really prepared me for anything practical. I knew I wanted to make a difference in the world somehow, but I had no idea how to do that. That's when I learned about the Lighthouse Project.\nI started my journey as a Lighthouse Project volunteer by reading as much as I could about the experiences of previous volunteers. I knew it would be a lot of hard work, and that I would be away from my family and friends for a very long time. In short, I did not take my decision to apply for the Lighthouse Project lightly. Neither did my family.\nEventually, however, I won the support of my family, and I sent in all the paperwork needed for the application. After countless interviews and presentations, I managed to stand out among the candidates and survive the test alone. Several months later, I finally received a call asking me to report for the duty. I would be going to a small village near Abuja, Nigeria. Where? What? Nigeria? I had no idea. But I was about to find out.\nAfter completing my training, I was sent to the village that was small and desperately in need of proper accommodation. Though the local villagers were poor, they offered their homes, hearts, and food as if I were their own family. I was asked to lead a small team of local people in building a new schoolhouse. For the next year or so, I taught in that same schoolhouse. But I sometimes think I learned more from my students than they did from me.\nSometime during that period, I realized that all those things that had seemed so strange or unusual to me no longer did, though I did not get anywhere with the local language, and returned to the United States a different man. The Lighthouse Project had changed my life forever.", "id": "high6813.txt"}