{"answers": ["D", "C", "A"], "options": [["To test a high-tech tool.", "To save a baby from a car.", "To study a new technology.", "To watch a scientist secretly."], ["meet her father", "know more people", "make friends with her", "steal some information"], ["The technology developed by Natalie's father.", "An explosion set off by some bad people.", "The CIA's training of boys for its tasks.", "Secret agents' spying on scientists."]], "questions": ["What is Banks' first real task?", "Banks wanted to go to Natalie's birthday party to  _   .", "What is considered as a great danger in the text?"], "article": "Which boy hasn't dreamed of being a cool secret agent  ? The wonderful fighting abilities and the world-saving adventures are much more colourful than most people's everyday lives. Well, Cody Banks is just like any other boy,except that he is not just dreaming. He has a big secret his friends never know about. He was trained to be a spy  by a special CIA programme,which was made to look like a summer camp. He learned high-speed driving,hand-to-hand fighting and the use of high-tech tools.\nAfter proving he could become a young hero by saving a baby from a runaway car,Banks gets his first real task. He must make friends with a popular girl at school,Natalie Connors. Then,he must spy on her father,a scientist who has developed a dangerous technology  .Banks must stop a group of bad people from forcing Natalie's father into using the technology to endanger the world.\nThe CIA may have taught him first-class self-defence moves,but they didn't show him how to talk to girls. Banks has zero ability when it comes to dealing with girls. How can he get around his problem and get an invitation to the girl's upcoming birthday party? Will he finally become Natalie's boyfriend and find out whatever he can about her father's work?\nAgent Cody Banks has everything that young people are interested in: big explosions, breath-taking performances and funny girl-dating experiences. It was listed No.2 in the American box office last week.\n\"This story is interesting and fun for the whole family to enjoy,and especially cool for young boys,\" said Paul Perkins, a film reviewer in theUS.", "id": "high6819.txt"}