{"answers": ["B", "B", "D"], "options": [["change London's skyline", "inherit London's tradition", "imitate the Egyptian style", "attract potential visitors"], ["is only preferred by the rich", "is intended for wealthy people", "is far away from the poor area", "is popular only with Londoners"], ["The Shard: Cheers and Claps", "The Shard: Work of a Great Architect", "The Shard: New Symbol of London?", "The Shard: A Change for the Better?"]], "questions": ["When he designed the Shard, Piano wanted it to .  _", "The critics who refer to social division think the Shard  _      .", "Which would be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "London's newest skyscraper  is called the Shard and it cost about 430 million pounds to build. At a height of almost 310 metres, it is the tallest building in Europe. The Shard has completely changed the appearance of London. However, not everyone thinks that it is a change for the better.\nThe Shard was designed by the famous Italian architect Renzo Piano. When he began designing the Shard for London, Piano wanted a very tall building that looked like a spire  * He wanted the glass surfaces to reflect the sky and the city. The sides of the building aren't regular. So the building has an unusual shape. It looks like a very thin,sharp piece of broken glass. And that is how the building got the name: the Shard. Piano says that the spire shape of the Shard is part of a great London tradition. The shape reminds him of the spires of the churches of London or the tall masts  of the ships that were once on the river Thames.\nThe Shard has 87 floors. At the top, there is an observatory. At the moment the building is empty, but eventually there will be a five-star hotel. There will also be top quality restaurants, apartments and offices.\nBefore building work began, a lot of people didn't want the Shard though the plans were approved. Now they are still unhappy about the Shard. Some critics say that such a tall skyscraper might be good in a city like New York, but not in London. They say that the best thing about the Shard is its spire shape. But that is the only thing. There is no decoration, only flat surfaces. The Egyptians did that 4,500 years ago. They also think the Shard is too big for London. It destroys the beauty of the city.\nOther critics don't like what the Shard seems to represent. They say that the Shard shows how London is becoming more unequal. Only very rich people can afford to buy the expensive private apartments and stay in the hotel. But the people who live near the Shard are among the poorest in London. So the Shard seems a symbol of the division in society between the very rich and the poor.\nThe Shard now dominates the London skyline. It is not certain, however, that ordinary London citizens will ever accept it as a valuable addition to the city.", "id": "high6821.txt"}