{"answers": ["D", "B"], "options": [["Those that have more experience.", "Those that can avoid potential risks.", "Those that like to work independently.", "Those that feel anxious about learning."], ["storing information", "learning from each other", "understanding different people", "travelling between social groups"]], "questions": ["According to the research, which baboons are more likely to complete a new learning task?", "Dr. Carter's findings indicate that our culture might be formed through   ."], "article": "Working with a group of baboons  in the Namibian desert, Dr. Alecia Carter of the Department of Zoology,Cambridge University set baboons learning tasks involving a novel food and a familiar food hidden in a box. Some baboons were given the chance to watch another baboon who already knew how to solve the task, while others had to learn for themselves. To work out how brave or anxious the baboons were, Dr. Carter presented them either with a novel food or a threat in the form of a model of a poisonous snake.\nShe found that personality had a major impact on learning. The braver baboons learnt, but the shy ones did not learn the task although they watched the baboon perform the task of finding the novel food just as long as the brave ones did. In effect, despite being made aware of what to do, they were still too shy to do what the experienced baboon did.\nThe same held true for anxious baboons compared with calm ones. The anxious individuals learnt the task by observing others while those who were relaxed did not, even though they spent more time watching.\nThis _ between collecting social information and using it shows that personality plays a key role in social learning in animals, something that has previously been ignored in studies on how animals learn to do things. The findings are significant because they suggest that animals may perform poorly in cognitive ( )tasks not because they aren't clever enough to solve them,but because they are too shy or nervous to use the social information.\nThe findings may impact how we understand the formation of culture in societies through social learning. If some individuals are unable to get information from others because they don't associate with the knowledgeable individuals,or they are too shy to use the information once they have it,information may not travel between all group members, preventing the formation of a culture based on social learning.", "id": "high6822.txt"}