{"answers": ["D", "A", "B", "D"], "options": [["he found it unworthwhile", "he failed to sort himself out", "he became sensitive to smell", "he had difficulty in finding it"], ["No menu.", "Free food.", "Self service.", "Quick delivery."], ["sits in a beach chair", "forgets his daily routine", "plans a detailed schedule", "draws pictures in the sand"], ["He shouldn't have counted his blessings.", "He should have understood the wonder of nature.", "He shouldn't have spent so much time on the trip.", "He should have come to the place earlier."]], "questions": ["When the author first went to Huaplee Beach,  _", "What is special about the food service at Huaplee Beach?", "In the author's opinion, a tourist can enjoy Huaplee Beach most when he  _     .", "What does the author imply by his question at the end of the passage?"], "article": "You've flown halfway around the world; you've sniffed out this place that nobody in Falongland or Thailand seems to have ever heard of; so what on earth is there to do here? You consider this question as you sink into an old wooden beach chair that holds you above the sand.\nIt was a long journey from Bangkok to Huaplee. By the time you found the bus station and got yourself sorted out, it took almost as long as the flight from Falongland.\nHuaplee is located just south of Hua Hin, about two hundred kilometres from Bangkok, down the west side of the Gulf of Thailand. Not many tourists find this place,and the ones that do wonder if finding it has been their purpose all along.\nThere's an apparent laziness that surrounds you here. It's what this place offers, and it,s free of charge. The small waves that tap the shoreline seem to slow everything down. You settle into your beach chair in preparation for a long rest. You sit there and watch the sea.\nIt's early afternoon, so the cook comes out and asks what you'd like to eat this evening. Before long he's rushed off to the market to buy the ingredients for whatever it was that you ordered---every meal fresh and to order. No menu here.\nThere is no poolside noise here but just that wonderfully warm, clear blue sea. There9s no street noise. The only sounds are the murmurs of nature.For now you just count your blessings  ,listing them in the sand with your toe  * You don't have to worry about being late for work. You don't have to do anything.\nThe beach to your right stretches off to the horizon  ,slowly narrowing to nothingness only to re-emerge again on your left, now steadily widening until it covers the chair beneath you. Sand to your left and sand to your right; it's unbroken, endless. No start, no end, just sand, sun,and peace. Step off it, and you re-enter the world of traffic, stress, work,and hurry.\nNormally you,re the type who can,t sit still for more than ten minutes, but you're on Huaplee Lazy Beach now and, in the right frame of mind, it stretches all the way around theworld.\n\"How could it take me so long to find it?\" you wonder.", "id": "high6823.txt"}