{"answers": ["D", "A", "A"], "options": [["His daughter had grown up.", "He had become a famous diver.", "His father would dive with him.", "His daughter would dive with him."], ["To protect himself from danger.", "To dive into the deep water.", "To admire the underwater view.", "To take photo more conveniently."], ["Become a successful diver.", "Make a good diving guide.", "Take a lot of photo underwater.", "Have longer hours of training."]], "questions": ["In what way was this expedition different for Larry?", "Why did Larry have to stay in a cage underwater sometimes?", "What did Larry expect his daughter to do?"], "article": "Larry was on another of his underwater expeditions but this time, it was different. He decided to take his daughter along with him. She was only ten years old. This would be her first trip with her father on what he had always been famous for.\nLarry first began diving when he was his daughter's age. Similarly, his father had taken him along on one of his expeditions. Since then, he had never looked back. Larry started out by renting diving suits from the small diving shop just along the shore. He had hated them. They were either too big or too small. Then, there was the instructor. He gave him a short lesson before allowing him into the water with his father. He had made an exception. Larry would never have been able to go down without at least five hours of theory and another similar number of hours on practical lessons with a guide. Children his age were not even allowed to dive.\nAfter the first expedition, Larry's later diving adventures only got better and better. There was never a dull moment. In his black and blue suit and with an oxygen tank fastened on his back, Larry dived from boats into the middle of the ocean. Dangerous areas did not prevent him from continuing his search. Sometimes, he was limited to a cage underwater but that did not bother him. At least, he was still able to take photographs of the underwater creatures.\nLarry's first expedition without his father was in the Cayman Islands. There were numerous diving spots in the area and Larry was determined to visit all of them. Fortunately for him, a man offered to take him around the different Spots for free. _ The diving spots afforded such a wide array of fish and sea creatures that Larry saw more than thirty varieties of creatures.\nLarry looked at his daughter. She looked as excited as he had been when he was her age. He hoped she would be able to continue the family tradition. Already, she looked like she was much braver than had been then. This was the key to a successful underwater expedition.", "id": "high6830.txt"}