{"answers": ["C", "B", "C"], "options": [["They are adequate", "They have not been updated.", "They are not equally distributed", "They have benefited most of the blind"], ["teaching medical students", "training doctors and nurses", "running flying hospitals globally", "setting up non-profit organization"], ["ORRIS in China", "Fighting Blindness", "ORRIS Flying Hospital", "Sight-seeing Techniques"]], "questions": ["What do we learn about existing medical knowledge and skills in the world?", "ORRIS aims to help the blind by   _  .", "What can be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "Close your eyes for a minute and imagine what life would be like if you had a hundred dollars less. Also imagine what it would be like spending the rest of your life with you eyes closed. Imagine having to read this page, not with your eyes but with your finger-tips.\nWith existing medical knowledge and skills, two-thirds of the world's 42 million blind should not have to suffer. Unfortunately, rich countries posses most of this knowledge, while developing countries do not.\nORBIS is an international non-profit organization which operates the world's only flying teaching eye hospital. ORBIS intends to help fight blindness worldwide. Inside a DC-8 aircraft, there is a fully-equipped teaching hospital with television studio and classroom. Doctors are taught the latest techniques of bringing sight back to people there. Project ORBIS also aims at promoting peaceful cooperation  among countries.\nORBIS tries to help developing countries by providing training during three-week medical programs. ORBIS has taught sight-saving techniques to over 35,000 doctors and nurses, who continue to cure tens of thousands of blind people every year. ORBIS has conducted 17 plane programs is China so far. For the seven to ten million blind in China ORBIS is planning to do more for them. At the moment an ORBIS is working on a long-term plan to develop a training center and to provide eye care service to Shanxi Province. ORBIS needs your help to continue their work and free people from blindness.\nFor just US$38,you can help one person see; for $380 you can bring sight to 10 people; $1,300 helps teach a doctor new skills; and for $13,000 you can provide a training programme for a group of doctors who can make thousands of blind people see again. Your money can open their eyes to the world. Please help ORBIS improve the quality of life for so many people less fortunate than ourselves.", "id": "high6832.txt"}