{"answers": ["C", "D", "A", "A"], "options": [["His father was a cruel man.", "His parents didn't love him.", "His parents used to be very busy.", "His mother didn't have any jobs."], ["He learned to smoke.", "He was locked in a basement.", "He was arrested by the police.", "He nearly caused a fire accident."], ["Leonhard was good at driving dog sleds.", "The author spent his whole childhood in Alaska.", "Leonhard often visited the author's family after 1950.", "The author suffered a lot while taking the dog sled in Alaska."], ["To look back on his childhood with adventures.", "To describe the extreme weather of Alaska.", "To express how much he misses Leonhard.", "To show off his pride in making trouble."]], "questions": ["What can be inferred about the author's family?", "What happened when the author was 4?", "Which of the following is true?", "What is the author's purpose of writing the text?"], "article": "In 1943, when I was 4, my parents moved from Coeur d'Alene, Idaho, to Fairbanks, Alaska, where adventure was never very far away.\nWe arrived in the summer, just in time to enjoy the midnight sun. All that sunlight was fantastic for Mom's vegetable garden. Working in the garden at midnight tended to throw her timing off, so she didn't care much about my bedtime.\nDad was a Railway Express agent and Mom was his clerk. That left me in a mess. I usually managed to find some trouble to get into. Once I had a little Are going in the dirt basement of a hotel. I had tried to light a barrel  of paint but couldn't really get a good fire going. The smoke got pretty bad, though, and when 1 made my exit, a crowd and the police were there to greet me. The policemen took my matches and drove me\nMom and Dad were occupied in the garden and Dad told the police to keep me, and they did! I had a tour of the prison before Mom rescued me. 1 hadn't turned 5 yet.\nAs I entered kindergarten, the serious cold began to set in. Would it surprise you to know that I soon left part of my tongue on a metal handrail at school?\nAs for Leonhard Seppala, famous as a dog sledder  , I think I knew him well because I was taken for a ride with his white dog team one Sunday. At the time I didn't realize what a superstar he was, but I do remember the ride well. I was wrapped   heavily and well sheltered from the freezing and blowing weather.\nIn 1950, we moved back to Coeur d'Alene, but we got one more Alaskan adventure when Leonhard invited us eight years later by paying a visit to Idaho to attend a gathering of former neighbors of Alaska.", "id": "high6836.txt"}