{"answers": ["C", "C"], "options": [["Say no to washing hands in the wrong way.", "Find out why washing hands carefully is so important.", "Hand washing: so important----it gets a day of its own.", "Want to live a longer life?-wash your hands."], ["Medical care", "Public service", "Health report", "Advertisement"]], "questions": ["What's the best title for this passage?", "In which part of newspaper would you most probably read this passage?"], "article": "October 15this the Global Handwashing Day. Activities are planned in more than 20 countries to get millions of people in the developing world to wash their hands with soap. For example, donors  will give 150,000 bars of soap to schools in Ethiopia.\nExperts say people around the world wash their hands every day, but very few use soap at so-called important moments. These include after using the toilet, after cleaning a baby and before touching food.\nGlobal Handwashing Day is the idea of the Public-Private Partnership for Handwashing with Soap. Partners include the United Nations Children's Fund, American government agencies, the World Bank and soap makers Unlever and Procter and Gamble. The organizers say all soaps are equally effective at removing disease-causing germ . They say the correct way to wash is to wet your hands with a small amount of water and cover them with soap. Rub  it into all areas, including under the fingernails . Rub for at least twenty seconds. Then _ well under running water. Finally, dry your hands with a clean cloth or wave them in the air.\nThe Partnership for Handwashing says soap is important because it increases the time that people spend in washing hands. Soap also helps to break up the dirt that holds most of the germs. And it usually leaves a pleasant smell. The Partnership for Handwashing also says washing with soap before eating or after using the toilet could save more lives than any vaccine or medicine. Hand washing could also prevent the spread of other diseases. When people get germs on their hands, they can infect themselves by touching their eyes, noses or mouths. Then they can infect others.", "id": "high6860.txt"}