{"answers": ["B", "C"], "options": [["One.", "Two.", "Three.", "Four."], ["Kinds of Life", "Be Positive", "Be Grateful Every Day", "Pick Yourself Up"]], "questions": ["According to the text, how many kinds of life are mentioned?", "What would be the best title for the text?"], "article": "What kind of life do you seek for? One that is frustrating and full of complaints every day? Or one that is filled with thankfulness, gratefulness and a positive mind?\nThe moment we open our eyes each day, we should be grateful that we are still alive. We are given a brand-new day. We are given another day to love. We are given another day of hope. We are given another chance to do whatever we have failed to accomplish. Those who have chosen to leave this place do not have any second chance.\nWe should be grateful every day. By being grateful, we will treasure the things around us. We will learn to appreciate life in a better way. Treat others better and find ourselves in a better mood every day. When we are thankful and grateful for the things we have, the universe tends to give us more.\nBy being thankful and grateful for our personal health, we will focus our attention on it and we would want to have a better well-being for our health. We will want to eat healthier food to nourish our body. After all, the body is the temple of our soul. We have to treat it well so that it can carry us a longer journey in life.\nWhen we face problems in life, be thankful and grateful too. They are designed specifically for us so that  we will be stronger and wiser. We are like a strong oak tree, facing the _ weather time to time. After each storm, we will grow stronger and strengthen our foundations for the next harsh weather.\nThe year 2013 has come to an end. Have you achieved what you aimed for in the past year? Be grateful for those you have achieved and especially for those you have not--both successes and failures. Failures and mistakes will give you valuable lessons. So, pick yourself up and try again this year. Good luck!", "id": "high6871.txt"}