{"answers": ["C", "A", "C", "B"], "options": [["she could do nothing but read books", "she had never been to Indian and Australian", "she didn't have any translated books.", "she could only read simple English stories"], ["Reading books from nearly 200 countries in a year.", "Creating a blog to offer help to other readers.", "Looking for publications to publish her own books.", "Giving some suggestions on learning English."], ["Offering book names.", "posting local books", "Giving financial supports", "Sending unpublished translations"], ["the readers were unwilling to offer help", "there were too few translations in the UK", "the author had no time and no chance to do it", "the writers didn't want to publish their books"]], "questions": ["The author realized she was not a learned person when she found   _  .", "What was the challenge the author set for herself?", "Which of the following is NOT the help from people around the world?", "It was not easy to find the books mainly because   _  ."], "article": "I used to think of myself as a person learned in books, but my bookshelves told a different story. Apart from a few Indian novels and an Australian book, my literature collection only consisted of British and American titles. Worse still, I couldn't ever found anything in translation. My reading was limited to stories by English-speaking authors.\nSo, at the start of 2012, I set myself the challenge of trying to read a book from every country in a year to find out what I was missing.\nWith no idea where to get those books, I was unlikely to find publications from nearly 200 nations on the shelves of my local bookshop, so I decided to ask the readers all over the world for help. I created a blog called A Year of Reading the World and put out an appeal for suggestions of titles that I could read in English.\nThe response was amazing. People all over the world were getting in touch with me, offering ideas and book lists. Some posted me books from their home countries. In addition, several writers, like Turkmenistan's Ak Welsapar and Panama's Juan David Morgan, sent me unpublished translations of their novels, giving me a rare opportunity to read works unavailable in Britain. Even with such an extraordinary team of bibliophiles  behind me, however, sourcing books was no easy task. With translations making up only around 4.5 per cent of literary works published in the UK, getting English versions of stories was tricky.\nOne by one, the books from the countries on the list filled my heart with laughter, love, anger, hope and fear. Lands that had once seemed exotic and remote became close and familiar to me. At its best, I learned, reading makes the world real.", "id": "high6875.txt"}