{"answers": ["C", "D", "B"], "options": [["They will be pressured into arranged married in India.", "India shares the same religion as Thailand.", "Thailand offers them more than just a wedding ceremony.", "Guests are not satisfied with Indian weddings."], ["guests do not need visas to get into Thailand", "changing vows is a necessary step for an Indian wedding", "islands are people's first honeymoon destination choice", "some Indians prefer the food prepared by their own cooks"], ["cost of weddings in Thailand will be reduced", "more people will get married in Thailand", "fewer westerners will have Thai weddings", "Chinese will be Thailand's No. l customers"]], "questions": ["What is the main reason why the Indians would go to Thailand for weddings?", "We can learn from the passage that  _  .", "It can be predicted that  _  ."], "article": "If you are a wealthy resident of India, madly in love and planning your big fat wedding--or being pressured into arranged marriage--Thailand wants you to exchange vows  in Bangkok, Phuket or elsewhere in this \"wedding Paradise \".\nThis wedding business starts from overseas with the Indians. Thai embassies in India give quick services for the visas. Not only the couples, you can bring anyone, say, your own cook. So, feel free to invite hundreds of your friends and relatives.\nWhy would Indians want to spend so much on weddings in Thailand? Because they have similarities in religion. When Indian weddings want to have some religious prayer for the couples, Thailand can do that. But the more obvious appeal are Thailand's fancy hotels, tropical islands, and delicious Thai food, allowing newlyweds to include a honeymoon in Thailand after they say \"I do\" while their guests also celebrate on a holiday here. But on the other hand, love does have a price.\nKasu Rajagopal arranged for his daughter to have a wedding in Phuket. They arranged entertainment to begin three days before the wedding, because guests' arrival time varied. Yachts were chartered to take guests to small islands, while a DJ, flown in from Bangalore, India, was booked to help them dance in the evening. Kasu also arranged priests for the Hindu wedding, and cooks to prepare Indian food. The approximate costs are around half a million U. S. dollars, including the airfares, hotel accommodation, food, transportation, the yachts on hire and the wedding ceremony expenses, for 225 to 250 guests.\nThailand wants to make itself a wedding paradise for all couples, not just from India, but from around the world. Last year, there were around 500 to 600 couples from China, and the numbers are slowly coming up. Westerners also arrive to get married, but in much smaller numbers.", "id": "high6876.txt"}