{"answers": ["B", "D", "A", "C"], "options": [["South Africa controlled about $19.2 billion in sales in 1990", "in 1989 Hong Kong was the largest foreign investor in the U.S.", "more and more Latin American companies were engaged in business in the U.S.", "the combined sales of the top 100 foreign investing companies increased steadily"], ["the U.S. technology is advanced", "the environment is politically stable", "the labor cost there has been reduced", "the market in the U.S. is very attractive"], ["Skillful labor force in the U.S.", "Modern management method.", "Mass production techniques.", "Rich American consumers."], ["Foreign Investors in the U.S.", "Why Foreign Investors Like the U.S.", "Foreign Business Is Growing in the U.S.", "The 100 Top Largest Companies in the U.S."]], "questions": ["All the following statements are mentioned in the passage except   _  .", "The most important reason why so many companies come to the U.S. is that   _  .", "Which of the following reasons for many firms coming to the U.S. is not mentioned in the passage?", "The best title for this passage would probably be  _  ."], "article": "The combined sales of the 100 largest foreign investing companies in the U.S. increased by 40% in the two years between 1987 and 1989, and the number has continued to increase steadily. In 1990, South Africa proved to be the largest financial investor in the U.S., controlling about $19.2 billion in sales. The Netherlands and the U.K. follow as second largest investors--and Germany next. New of the list of the top 100 foreign investors are 12 banking and finance and insurance companies--the largest, the Hong Kong-Shanghai Banking Corp from Hong Kong. The number of Latin American companies engaged in business here is growing steadily, often through third country holding companies.\nWhy are so many firms coming to the U.S.? There are many reasons. One of the greatest attractions, of course, is a market of over 200 million consumers with a high average per capital income. In addition, with the devalued dollar the cost of American labor has declined markedly, relative to many foreign labor costs. Some firms seeking to avoid bureaucratic   and/or political pressures at home find the U.S. a politically stable environment in which to work. Many hope they may be able to continue selling to the American market even if the U.S. Government restricts imports further, or if major price changes occur due to currency fluctuations  . Many foreigners are attracted by U.S. technology, its modern management methods, its labor saving and mass production techniques.", "id": "high6899.txt"}