{"answers": ["D", "B", "A", "B", "B"], "options": [["What messages animals can convey.", "Why life is easier for human beings.", "Why man is the most intelligent animal.", "How animals communicate with each other."], ["other animals do not have any emotion", "we can communicate with each other through language", "we also use body movements while communicating", "other animals use sounds to give calls to their members"], ["Use of body language.", "Use of sounds.", "Use of facial expressions.", "Use of dancing."], ["is angry", "is frightened", "has been begging for food", "has eaten too much"], ["The begging expression.", "Relying on sound waves.", "Dancing.", "Waving tails."]], "questions": ["What does this passage mainly talk about?", "Our life is more convenient and easier owing to the fact that   _  .", "What's the most important way for animals to convey messages?", "When a dog pulls its ears behind with the mouth open, we can tell it   _  .", "Which of the following doesn't belong to non-verbal communication?"], "article": "Man is the most intelligent animal created by God because God has given him language which other animals do not have. Communication makes life extremely convenient and easy. Language plays a very important role in life as any emotion can be easily and effectively conveyed   through language to anyone. But all this is applicable and beneficial only to human beings. What about animals? How do they communicate with each other?\nWe all know that animals do not have the ability to use language as a medium for communication. But they do have other means of conveying messages to other animals, of which use of body language is the most important one. The messages can be of many types like conveying food location, danger alarms, appreciation of good deeds like helping other animals in dangerous situations, etc. There are two main types of communication in animals: verbal   communication and non-verbal communication.\nSound is one of the most common types of verbal communication in animals, and majority of the species use it as the medium to convey messages. Bats have to rely on sound waves to communicate. They mostly rest in the morning and become active at night to search for food and do other tasks. All the birds communicate through their chirping. Mammals generally make use of sounds to give calls to other members of their community. Whales are the perfect examples, which use sound waves for communication. They have a whale song, which they repeat after regular intervals.\nFacial Expressions\nThis kind of communication is mostly found in dogs. When they are angry, they show their teeth and raise their ears. On the other hand, when they are frightened, they pull their ears behind and open their mouth. Also, in birds, when the parent bird brings food for the offspring, the begging expression can be observed on the offspring's face.\nGestures and Body Movements\nThis type of communication is common not only in animals, but in human beings too. All human beings, although they use language for communication, tend to use gestures and body movements as well while communicating. Honey bees are the most enthusiastic creatures on earth because they dance to communicate. Some bees dance in the hive   so that other bees get signals of the location of the honey comb. A deer waves its tail to warn others of coming danger.", "id": "high6904.txt"}