{"answers": ["C", "B", "A", "D"], "options": [["where they are instructed to behave themselves", "a good place to prepare for the future", "where they win popularity and enjoy themselves", "a place that contributes to a good education"], ["The presence of weapons", "the appearance of robbery", "pressure to blow off school work and exam", "students' scare"], ["Those who focus on study are more likely to stay away from school gangs.", "Whoever knows what he will do in the future can be influenced by school gangs.", "Having a lot to do, you have no chance of getting in touch with school gangs.", "Without good friends, you are sure to end up with school gangs."], ["tell us how gangs influence our education", "show his sympathy to the students hurt by gangs", "arouse the concern about the safety of students", "give suggestions on dealing with gangs problems"]], "questions": ["For the school gangs, school is   _  .", "From the author's opinion, gangs lead to the following problems in schools Except   _   .", "What can be inferred from the passage?", "In writing this passage, the author mainly intends to   _   ."], "article": "Surviving the boredom of a school day can be bad enough, but when you have to worry about school gangs as well it's enough to make any student want to stay at home and under the covers! Unfortunately, gang culture can be found in many British schools, and it brings with it negative, and dangerous, side effects. The presence of weapons at or near school, the appearance of graffiti on buildings and lockers, and pressure to blow off school work and exams all follow where the gangs lead. None of these things contribute to a good education, but for school gangs that's exactly the point - school is for being popular and having fun, not learning anything or preparing for the future. Keep these tips in mind and say goodbye to school gangs.\nKnow your own mind. Often it is those with low self-esteem and a poor self-image who become victims of school gangs. These students don't know their own mind or have a clear picture of what they would like to do in the future, so it is easy to be influenced by those who don't want to do any work today.\nKeep yourself busy. School gangs often hang around at or near schools with no real reason. Students who have nothing scheduled can easily be sucked into these groups, but if you are busy, busy, busy and always on the move there will be less chance that you'll have the time to stay and \"play\".\nChoose your friends wisely. With a core group of like-minded friends, it is much easier to stay away from school gangs because you simply don't need them. Remember that gangs are a source of power for members, but they can also be a source of intimidation.\nWork hard and have fun. No one likes a teacher's pet, but school gangs in particular hate them. Work hard and have fun at school, but don't annoy anyone with extreme goody-two-shoes  behaviour. School gangs can be a nightmare if you must deal with them constantly. Stay away from gang hangouts and gang members, and don't involve yourself in any gang related activities.", "id": "high6905.txt"}