{"answers": ["B", "C", "A"], "options": [["Engineering at a college with a large engineering department.", "Engineering in a small liberal-arts university.", "Literature in a liberal-arts university.", "Communicating and technology."], ["He can't get used to the engineer factory.", "Math, physics and engineering courses are too difficult to learn.", "It's hard to combine engineering with the literal arts.", "He has made no progress in the literal arts."], ["He felt proud at the beginning but a bit doubtful at present.", "He has been feeling positive all the time.", "He has decided to give up.", "He shares the same opinion with his parents and teachers."]], "questions": ["At present, the writer is studying   _  .", "What problem has the writer found in his study at college?", "How has the writer felt about his choice?"], "article": "Engineering students are supposed to be examples of practicality and rationality  ,but when it comes to my college education I am an idealist and a fool. In high school I wanted to be an electrical engineer and, of course, any reasonable student with my aims would have chosen a college with a large engineering department, many famous professors and lots of good labs and research equipment. But that's not what I did.\nI chose to study engineering in a small liberal-arts  university that doesn't even offer a major in electrical engineering. Obviously, this was not a practical choice; I came here for more noble reasons. I wanted a broad education that would provide me with flexibility and a value system to guide me in my job. I wanted to open my eyes and expand my vision by communicating with people who weren't studying science or engineering. My parents, teachers and other adults praised me for such a wise choice. They told me I was wise and grown-up beyond my 18 years, and I believed them.\nI headed off to the college and sure I was going to have an advantage over those students who went to big engineering \"factories\" where they didn't care if you had values or were flexible. I was going to be a complete engineer: technical expert and excellent humanist all in one.\nNow I'm not so sure. Somewhere along the way my noble ideas crashed into reality, as all noble ideas finally do. After three years of struggling to balance math, physics and engineering courses with liberal-arts courses, I have learned there are reasons why few engineering students try to reconcile engineering with liberal-arts courses in college.\nThe reality that has blocked my path to become the typical successful student is that engineering and the liberal arts simply don't mix as easily as I supposed in high school. Individually they shape a person in very different ways. The struggle to reconcile the two fields of study is difficult.", "id": "high6906.txt"}