{"answers": ["A", "C", "D", "C"], "options": [["Lean to the left", "Adjust the twist grip", "Press the left bar", "Control the gyroscope"], ["Less than 19 km", "About 19 km", "About 38 km", "Over 45 km"], ["families", "golfers", "police", "tourists"], ["Introduction-Ways of application- structure-Principle of operation", "Introduction- Principle of operation-Structure -Ways of application", "Introduction - Structure - Principle of operation -ways of application", "Structure- Introduction-Principle of operation-Ways of application"]], "questions": ["How do you turn to the left on a Segway of the new model?", "How far can you travel on a Segway at most?", "The Segway is most commonly used by  _  .", "Which of the following correctly shows the order in which information about the Segway is provided?"], "article": "What do you use to get around town? A car? A bike? Your feet ? perhaps you should try a segway!\nThe Segway is perfect for short journeys. It's an electric vehicle that consists of a platform between two wheels, with a pole that connects the platform to the handlebars. To ride it , you step up onto the platform, and control the Segway by moving your body. Lean forwards to go faster, and back-wards to slow down.\nOn older models, direction was controlled by a twist grip on the left handlebar. This varies the speeds between the two motors, and a decrease in the speed of the left wheel would turn the Segway to the left . With newer models you simply lean to the left or right. Meanwhile, a gyroscope  detects your movements and prevents the machine from falling over. The Segway has a maximum speed of 19 km per hour and a range of about 38 km. after that, you need to plug it and recharge the battery.\nSegways are used for a variety of purposes. People with mobility problems can now enjoy walks in the country with their friends and family. Some golfers see them as an alternative to the golf cart . And dog owners now have an easier way to take the dog to the park. A few police forces use Segways, too. They allow officers to move quickly while maintaining contact with the public. They're also becoming a common sight on airport . However, the most popular use is in tourism , particularly for city tours . Visit any major tourist city in summer, sit outside a cafe for a while and there's a good chance you'll see a group of tourists passing on Segways.", "id": "high6916.txt"}