{"answers": ["C", "A", "B", "C"], "options": [["any other Western European countries", "any other country in Western Europe", "any country in Western Europe", "every country in Europe"], ["share their resources and become more prosperous", "can again take the place as a leader in the world", "forget the differences in their languages and customs", "have become strong competition against the U.S."], ["The Common Market is only a political association.", "The Common Market is an economic and political association", "The Common Market is only an economic association", "The Common Market is neither an economic association nor a political one."], ["join together to found a united country", "help each other to smooth away the differences in customs", "work and act together for common purpose", "work together and fight against the U.S."]], "questions": ["From the passage we know the U.S. is much richer than   _   in resources.", "The members of the European Economic Community have developed fast because they   _  .", "Which statement is true?", ". In order to  _  , the Western European countries decided to cooperate."], "article": "For years, business people in Western Europe were worried. They knew they could not compete against business from the U.S. The United States is much larger and had many more resources than any Western European countries.\nSome European people realized that the European nations need to join together to help each other. If they could forget their language differences and the differences in customs, they might become strong competition against other countries.\nIn 1958, six of the European countries --- Belgium, the Netherlands, Luxembourg, France, Germany and Italy got together and decided to cooperate. They called their group the European Economic Community, or the Common Market. These countries agreed to join their resources together.\nWithin a few years, the European Economic Community had worked so well that its members were more prosperous than many other European nations. Soon, other nations began to realize the advantage of the Common Market. Today the Common Market includes most of the important countries in Western Europe. It is helping Western Europe to again take its place as a leader among the industrial nations of the world.", "id": "high6928.txt"}