{"answers": ["D", "C", "B"], "options": [["teachers should know their students' needs better.", "children should be educated at school.", "children should learn by themselves.", "children should be educated at home."], ["have to meet each other every day", "will be independent of their educational needs", "can develop their practical skills", "have a better chance of going to college"], ["disapproving", "supportive", "puzzled", "suspicious"]], "questions": ["It seems that more and more people come to realize that   _  .", "One of the advantages of the conventional schools is that the students   _  .", "According to this passage, the author's attitude towards conventional schooling is   _  ."], "article": "In most countries in the world, governments require children to attend schools in which trained teachers are responsible for educating the children using an approved curriculum. However, a sharply increasing number of parents believe that it is much better for their children to be educated at home by the people who know them and their needs best. Today, it is estimated that about one million home schooled children in the United States and tens of thousands of other learners around the world are learning outside of school. Now that home schooling is growing worldwide, the real-world experiences of learners show that schools are not always necessary for learning.\nTherefore, an increasing number of parents are deciding that home schooling is the best option for their children. They are unhappy with the quality or depth of education offered in the schools, or have other reasons why they feel that conventional schools (some people would rather call \"normal schools\" or \"traditional schools\") are not suitable for their children. One reason is social factors. Parents worry that their children will suffer from bullying  or will be forced into bad behavior by peer pressure. They believe that the good behavior they have taught the child will be lost in school. Another reason is concern over the quality of schooling available. Schools frequently have large classes and they are often under-funded and stuffed with teachers without sufficient knowledge of their subjects. In the third place, other parents may disagree with the aims of the school curriculum, preferring for academic, social or cultural reasons to keep their children separate.\nHowever, there are many arguments in favor of sending children to conventional schools. The first is that the children will be exposed to other children. And they will interact with each other and develop social skills. A second point is that the children will learn to function outside the family. They will not be dependent on their parents for their educational, emotional and social needs. A third point is that the children will find it easier to integrate   when they finish school, as they eventually will, when they start work or college.\nAll in all, while many parents work hard to teach their children at home, conventional schools are still the right choice for most children. Schools are not perfect, but they seem to be a proven way of preparing our children for the real world. After all, education is not only about learning facts and figures, but also about learning how to survive socially.", "id": "high6932.txt"}