{"answers": ["D", "B", "A", "B"], "options": [["Adding some elements to your life.", "Getting positive energy from the company you keep.", "Changing your self talk with positive affirmation.", "Reducing stress by surrounding yourself with positive energy."], ["3.", "4.", "5.", "6."], ["keep thinking of this thing all the time", "keep singing the same song for a long time", "regard the lyrics of a song as positive", "are developing positive self-talk"], ["uplift you or bring you down", "encourage you to do things better", "provide fun when you're depressed", "are supportive when you are strong"]], "questions": ["What does the passage mainly talk about?", "How many ways does the author suggest to maintain a positive frame of mind?", "If you have something \"stuck in your head\", you probably   _  .", "According to the passage, your best company should be those who   _  ."], "article": "Negative self talk and negative energy can affect you in many ways and cause you additional stress. Because of this, developing more positive self talk is an important way to reduce stress in your life. You can help yourself maintain a positive frame of mind which will help with positive self talkby surrounding yourself with positive energy in your life. You can get that by adding some elements to your life.\nListening to music that not only has a pleasant melody, but an uplifting message, can be great for developing positive self talk. Have you ever had a song \"stuck in your head\" for a few hours or days, the lyrics   repeating themselves in your mind? If those lyrics were positive and inspirational, that would be a good thing. It's a much better mental soundtrack to have than a running stream of complaints, criticisms of self-limiting thoughts, or even songs that had more depressing or sad lyrics.\nBooks on strength, personal power, enlightenment, or self help can be good resources to help you change your outlook and the things you say to yourself. Rather than bringing habitual self-defeating thoughts, you can find yourself thinking of new can-do concepts when times get tough.\nOne of the most important ways you can get and keep positive energy in your life is with the company you keep. Do your friends uplift you, or bring you down? Are they critical, or approving? Ideal friendships provide support when you're down, fun when you're up, wisdom when you're lost. Good friends can inspire you to reach greater heights, and see your strengths even when you don't always. Pay attention to how your friends make you feel, and if they're less than supportive, start putting your energy and time toward people who are better suited to be your friends.\nIn addition, positive affirmations  can certainly change your self talk from negative to positive. Now, why not begin working positive affirmations into your life in some creative ways?", "id": "high6933.txt"}