{"answers": ["C", "D", "C"], "options": [["She was born in a very wealthy family in New Jersey.", "Her last film Sparkle was released before her death.", "She was regarded as the most-awarded female actress of all time.", "The reason why Houston died has been confirmed."], ["awards", "films", "influence", "family life"], ["To call on us to learn from Whitney Elizabeth Houston.", "To tell us the truth of Whitney Elizabeth Houston's death.", "To tell us the truth of Whitney Elizabeth Houston's singer.", "To describe some negative sides of Whitney Elizabeth Houston."]], "questions": ["Which of the following statements about Whitney Elizabeth Houston is TRUE according to the passage?", "The following topics related to Whitney Elizabeth Houston are mentioned EXCEPT her  _  .", "What is the author's main purpose in writing the passage?"], "article": "Whitney Elizabeth Houston (August 9, 1963--February 11, 2012)was an American singer, actress, producer and a former model. Often referred to as the \"Queen of Pop\"or simply \"the Voice\". Houston was the most awarded female actress of all time. According to Guinness World Record 22American Music Awards, among a total of 415 career award as of 2010. Houston was also one of the world's best-selling music artists, artists, having sold over 170 million albums and singles worldwide.\nBorn in what was then a middle-income neighborhood in New Jersey, Houston began singing in a  junior gospel choir at age 11.After she began performing alongside in night clubs in New York City, she was discovered by Arista Records head Clive Davis, who had an impact on her as a singer and performer.\nHouston was the only artist to chart seven consecutive  No. 1 Billboard Hot 100 hits. She was the second artist behind Elton John and the only female artist to nave two number-one Billboard 200 Album awards on the Billboard magazine year-end charts. How Will I Know _ her fans and audience and even several African-American female artists to follow in her footsteps. Houston's first acting role was as the star of the feature film The Bodyguard (1992). The film's original soundtrack won the 1994 Grammy Award for Album of the Year. Its lead single, I Will Always Love You became the best-selling single by a female artist in music history. Three years after the release of her fourth studio album. My Love Is Your Love (1998), she renewed her recording contract with Arista Records. She released her fifth studio album.  Just Whitney, in 2002, and the Christmas-themed One Wish: The Holiday Album in 2003. In 2009. Houston released her seventh and final studio album. I Look to You.\nHouston died of causes yet to be determined on February 11,2012. Later this year her film Sparkle will be released into theaters.", "id": "high6942.txt"}