{"answers": ["D", "B", "A", "D"], "options": [["telling in advance the degree of academic success", "admitting intelligent children to school at the age younger than ordinary", "finding out children with lower ability in primary schools", "selecting pupils by public secondary schools"], ["accurate college tests", "objective and reliable achievement tests", "objective and reliable intelligence tests", "a series of objective multiple choices"], ["sent to the college that the students chose", "more important to the students than the American College Test", "decided by the College Entrance Examination Board", "used as criteria of the American College Test"], ["many students drop out of schools", "students are not adequately motivated", "intellectual factors are more important for students than when they were in primary and middle schools", "measures of college achievement are unreliable like those in primary and middle schools."]], "questions": ["The intelligence scores can be used in the following way EXCEPT  _  .", "The ideal criteria in using intelligence tests for prediction should be   _  .", "The results of the College Entrance Examination will be   _  .", "The correlations between two college admission tests and academic success in college are limited for the reason that   _  ."], "article": "The most common use of intelligence test scores is to predict degree of academic success. Such scores are used in some communities as bases for admitting able children to schools at ages younger than normal, and they are very generally used to determine admissions to schools beyond public secondary school. Another use common in elementary schools involves comparing such scores with performances in various subjects to identify children who are working below capacity.\nThe greatest problem in using intelligence tests for the purpose of prediction is that no dependable criterion of their accuracy exists. The ideal criteria would be objective and reliable achievement tests following instruction in each subject, but there are few such tests, especially at the college level. Studies have shown that correlations  between intelligence tests and achievement tests in various subjects through secondary school range roughly from 0.5 to 0.8. Such correlations are fairly high, but they do not suggest anywhere near complete agreement.\nAt the college level there are two major tests used as criteria of admission. By far the more important is the College Entrance Examination, constructed by the Educational Testing Service authorized by the College Entrance Examination Board. These tests are returned to the Educational Testing Service for scoring, and the results are then made available to the various colleges authorized by the students to receive them. The second test of this type is the American College Test, which operates in essentially the same fashion.\nBoth tests constitute measures of certain skills, abilities, and knowledge that have been found to be related to success in college. Their correlations with academic success are limited for three outstanding reasons. First, measures of achievement in college are themselves perhaps no more reliable than those in elementary and secondary schools. Second, intellectual factors do not alone determine academic success, especially at the college level. Many students drop out of schools because they are inadequately motivated or because they dislike the instructional programme. Third, correlations are lowered because the use of such tests for denying admission to some students means that the range of scores for those admitted is restricted, and such restriction tend to reduce correlation.", "id": "high6946.txt"}