{"answers": ["C", "B", "A", "D"], "options": [["because he has shared his thoughts on happiness with a worldwide audience", "after he has explained his insights into happiness to everyone", "after a series of laboratory tests", "because he tries his best to achieve happiness and well-being"], ["Interpreting those outer conditions in our inner experience.", "Looking inwards to find joy rather than relying on outer conditions.", "Spending little time taking care of what matters most.", "Reacting to various outside influences in the modern world."], ["The way our minds react to outer conditions.", "Insights into happiness that we hold.", "The constant pursuit of happiness in our life.", "Those outer conditions affecting our happiness."], ["Go jogging for happiness.", "Do everything to remain beautiful.", "Make sure that our minds are functioning normally.", "Develop necessary qualities."]], "questions": ["Richard has been declared the Happiest Man in the World   _  .", "According to Richard, what is the best way to achieve well-being?", "What determines the quality of our experience?", "How can we pursuit happiness?"], "article": "Finding true happiness is a universal aspiration  . We all want it, but can we all have it? Genuine happiness is written all over our faces when we are truly contented, and, likewise, a forced smile does nothing to hide underlying sadness.\nBelieving that everyone can create their own lasting joy, Matthieu Richard has been declared the Happiest Man in the World. Richard earned his \"happiest man\" status after a series of laboratory tests in 2004. Richard has shared his thoughts on happiness with a worldwide audience. As an experienced speaker, he has explained his insights into happiness to everyone, from students to corporate groups. Looking inwards to find joy rather than relying on outer conditions, he believes, is the way to achieve well-being.\n\"It's quite clear that the outer conditions are not enough. The way we interpret those outer conditions in our inner experience is what determines either a sense of well-being or misery. We love to go jogging for fitness and we do all kinds of things to remain beautiful, yet we spend surprisingly little time taking care of what matters most: the way our minds function. It's the essential thing that determines the quality of our experience.\" Besides this, Richard stresses that it is not what's happening around us that makes us unhappy, but rather the way we choose to react to it.\nThe pursuit of happiness is becoming a modern obsession . As life becomes more complex, our ability to process our reactions to various outside influences comes under strain. \"Genuine happiness\" he says, \"doesn't mean pleasant feelings one after the other. It's more like a series of qualities that we can develop as skills -- like openness, genuine love, compassion, inner strength and inner peace.\"", "id": "high6958.txt"}