{"answers": ["C", "C", "B", "A"], "options": [["they suddenly start to laugh.", "they keep on laughing", "they laugh in their presence", "they stop laughing suddenly."], ["They wanted to study the difference between normal shyness and true gelotophobia.", "They wanted to compare the levels of fear of being laughed at in different cultures.", "They did such a survey in order to prevent people from being laughed at in public.", "They surveyed more than 22 thousand people coming from different cultures."], ["an advertisement", "a science magazine", "a science fiction", "a storybook"], ["care more about being laughed at by others", "shouldn't hide their feelings of insecurity", "should avoid having close contact with other people", "will lead a happy life so long as they care"]], "questions": ["People in Finland don't believe other people are making fun of them if   _  .", "What's FALSE of the study led by a team from the University of Zurich?", "The passage is likely to occur in   _  .", "According to the passage, people who suffer from gelotophobia   _  ."], "article": "Imagine this situation. You pass a group of people. The people are talking to each other. You cannot hear what they are saying. But suddenly they start laughing. What would you think? Would you think they were laughing at something funny that one of them said? Or -- be honest with yourself -- would you think they were laughing at you? Yes, you.\nBeing laughed at is a common fear. But a major study published in two thousand and nine found that this fear is not the same around the world. It differs from culture to culture.\nPeople in Finland were the least likely to believe that people laughing in their presence were making fun of them. Less than ten percent of Finns in the study said they would think that, compared to eighty percent of people in Thailand.\nSome people in the study said they felt unsure of themselves in social situations but hid their feelings of insecurity. Others said they avoided social situations where they had been laughed at before.\nThe study found that people in Turkmenistan and Cambodia were more likely to be in the first group. They would hide their feelings of insecurity if they were around other people's laughter. But people in Iraq, Egypt and Jordan were more likely to try to avoid such situations if they felt they had been laughed at before.\nShy people often avoid situations that would force them into close contact with other people. They worry that something they say or do will make other people laugh at them. But some people worry much more than others. They may have a disorder called gelotophobia. Gelos is a Greek word. It means laughter. Phobia means fear. This fear of laughter can be truly sad for those who live with it. It can affect how they lead their lives.\nIn the study, a team from the University of Zurich led more than ninety researchers from around the world. They wanted to understand the difference between normal shyness and true gelotophobia. Another purpose of the study was to compare the levels of fear of being laughed at in different cultures. The researchers surveyed more than twenty-two thousand people in forty-two different languages. The findings appeared in the scientific journal Humor.", "id": "high696.txt"}