{"answers": ["D", "D", "A"], "options": [["The profits from microfilms.", "Aids from friends and family.", "Supports from the public.", "Small costs for microfilms."], ["Technology and money.", "Actors and screens", "Thoughts and plots", "Population and profits."], ["A look at microfilms", "The challenge of big films", "A new class project", "The secret of successful microfilms"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, what helps promising microfilmmakers realize their dreams?", "In which ways are microfilms mainly different from the shorts?", "What's the best title for the passage?"], "article": "When it comes to movies, we usually think of big actors, big budgets, big screens, and, if lucky, big profits. Unfortunately, that puts up some big barriers for aspiring   young filmmakers and their dreams. However, thanks to easy access to technology, that's all changing.\nAll one really needs nowadays is a camera, a computer, an Internet connection, and, of course, a good idea. With that, you can enter the microfilm world. Shooting a movie using friends and family as the cast has become a common class project for high school students. After a little editing on a laptop, some even decide their creation is worth sharing online.\nMicrofilms are shot within a short period of time and last only a few minutes or even shorter. Most are completed on an extremely small budget and offer a cheap way for grassroots directors to realize their dreams.\nWith a range of film festivals, they have taken off due to being perfectly suited to new media platforms such as mobile phones and notebook computers. They are also easily shared across social networks and microblogs.\nBut microfilms are far different from the shorts commonly found on YouTube. A microfilm must have a solid and thoughtful plot. Most importantly, the movies are easily distributed and there can be no concern about long-term box office profits. Most people who upload a microfilm simply see it as an easy way to share their fun with a few friends and family. Others may be curious about what sort of reaction their production may receive from the general public.", "id": "high6976.txt"}