{"answers": ["C", "D", "D", "A"], "options": [["joy", "surprise", "fear", "anger"], ["Because it was reported in the newspaper", "Because it was seen by many local people", "Because someone once caught one", "Because someone took its picture"], ["heard nothing strange", "shouted at it to frighten it away", "was lying on the ground, relaxing", "found it was a 30-foot-tall creature that could fly"], ["was afraid of being laughed at", "was too frightened to tell others", "couldn't believe what he saw", "didn't want to make fun of others"]], "questions": ["The rumor about the batsquatch makes people of Washington full of  _", "Why did people believe the rumor of the Batsquatch was real?", "When the Batsquatch appeared, the mountaineer  _  .", "The mountaineer didn't tell others his story because he  _  ."], "article": "The Batsquatch is described as a great winged bat. It's reported that it lives in the shadows  of Mt. Saint Helens. It has purple skin, red eyes and the character is quite similar to the bat's. Since reports tell it likes eating small animals like chickens, goats and pigs, some believe that it is actually a flying primate . But researchers say that it is more closely related to the fruit bat of northern America.\nFear still fills the hearts of men, women and children of Washington. In May of 1980 during the eruption of Mount Saint Helens, the Batsquatch showed itself in the shadows of clouds from the eruption. In 1994, a local mountaineer was able to take pictures of the Batspuatch making the rumor  seem real. During this event some farm animals seemed to disappear though luckily no humans were reported missing at the time. The local mountaineer told about his meeting with the Batsquatch. When he suddenly heard a loud deep voice from the shadows, the mountaineer was knocked down. He tried to look for the creature  that had made the sound. He saw a great creature with purple wings in the sky. It looked like it was about 30 feet tall.\nThe mountaineer kept this story a secret in fear of being laughed at by others but when new stories came in about the Batsquatch he shared his story.\nThe reality of the Batsquatch can no longer be ignored. It is only a creature that is trying to live. Respect! This is how we should take news such as this. Respect for a living creature instead of fear.", "id": "high7005.txt"}