{"answers": ["D", "A", "B"], "options": [["languages in Asia are similar to each other", "the culture is the most fashionable in the world", "South Korea's products are the cheapest in Asia", "the quality of South Korea's products is high"], ["by giving examples", "in order of space", "by listing reasons", "in order of time"], ["K-pop Ranks the First Everywhere", "Hallyu Makes Waves across the World", "YouTube Helps Korean Cultures Spread", "Korean Soap Operas Are Growing in Popularity"]], "questions": ["Hallyu is very hot in Asia partly because  _  .", "The author shows the popularity of K-pop in the West  _  .", "What would be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "From Japan to Indonesia, a certain kind of pop culture is very hot. But it doesn't come from Hollywood--it's Hallyu , the wave of Korean pop culture that has washed over Asia. It has influenced everything from music to television. And thanks to the Internet and social media, it's now spreading worldwide.\nSouth Korea produces all types of entertainment, the most popular being music, soap operas and films. What makes Hallyu so hot in Asia? One reason is that its products are of high quality and much cheaper than western products. Another reason is that eastern cultures are similar to each other, although there are language differences.\nKorean pop music, or \"K-pop\", ranks the first everywhere. Fans love the songs and the attractive stars. Companies like SM Entertainment, JYP Entertainment and YG Entertainment help many K-pop stars, such as Super Junior, Big Bang and Rain, to succeed. They are not only popular in Asia but also enjoy popularity in the West. In 2011, Big Bang's mini-album Tonight reached the top 10 on U.S. Tunes Top Pop Albums. When SM Entertainment took their 2010 world tour to Los Angeles, only 30 percent of the 15,000 fans were Korean. Half of the audience wasn't even Asian!\nOne important reason for the success of Hallyu is simply the Internet. A little more than 10 years ago, Korean soap operas, movies and music reached the outside world quite slowly. They began in Korea, and then gradually spread outward, appearing in its neighboring countries where local TV and radio companies would play them. Now they are played around the world online at the same time.\nYouTube is another major way to get Korean entertainment to fans everywhere. It is an inexpensive and _ way for artists to introduce their work to a larger audience. In 2010 the YouTube channels for the top three Korean entertainment groups together had nearly 800 million views from 225 different countries.", "id": "high7007.txt"}