{"answers": ["B", "D"], "options": [["ask people to generate more energy for daily use", "call on people to use less energy as much as possible", "remind people to remember the days without lights", "advise people to have a good rest after working hard"], ["Raise public awareness.", "Turn off the lights.", "Hold\"Earth Hour\".", "Use LED lights."]], "questions": ["\"Earth Hour\"is held in the world every year in order to  _  .", "How should we save energy according to the author?"], "article": "If you haven't already, you too should switch to the latest eco-friendly, energy-efficient, energy-saving LED (Light Emitting Diode) lighting. As the world becomes more focused on green issues, everyone should do their part in practicing energy efficiency, recycling, cutting down their CO2emissions and much, much more. One of the most successful campaigns that started in Australia is the now world-famous\"Earth Hour\". 2.2 million of Sydney's residents turned off their lights for an hour in a mass attempt to save energy. The following year, the same idea was adopted by a whole host of different cities.\nThis is a great example of a campaign to promote eco-friendly options and energy efficiency. But while it clearly raises awareness, it is not a long-term solution to energy saving across the developed world. A long-term solution can be found in the form of switching to LED lighting rather than the traditional halogen lights  found in a typical home.\nPut simply, LED lighting is the future of lighting. LED lamps use up only a fraction of the energy compared to that of regular lamps. They also produce a quality flicker-free light, and will last longer than a regular light with 50,000 hours being realistic. Not only are they longer lasting and more energy-efficient with no sacrifice in light quality, but they may quickly become a possible substitute   for regular lamps that have been previously installed by homes and businesses.\nAn ordinary 50 watt low-voltage halogen light on for 4 hours a day would cost $ 25 per year to run. With a life span of around 3,000 hours it will typically stop working at the two-year mark. Compared with the regular one, an LED light of 50 watts operating for the same period will cost roughly $ 6 per year to run and last 50,000 hours. That means it won't have to be replaced for 24 years! It really is a _ to switch to energy-saving LED lighting. Plus, you will be doing your bit for the environment by becoming more eco-friendly.", "id": "high7015.txt"}