{"answers": ["D", "C", "A"], "options": [["most doctors believe organic foods prevent disease or provide other benefits to health", "organic foods are actually less nutritious than conventionally grown foods", "people cannot separate fact from fiction because of the TV advertisements", "organic foods cost more but are not necessarily better than conventionally grown foods"], ["want to try something new", "have carefully researched the products", "value food safety and nutrition", "expect to save some money"], ["Doubtful.", "Enthusiastic.", "Supportive.", "Uninterested."]], "questions": ["It can be inferred from the passage that   _  .", "According to the passage, many consumers are attracted by organic foods because they   _  .", "What is the author's attitude towards the claims of organic foods?"], "article": "Organic food, once considered something that only health fanatics desired, is now a regular feature at most supermarkets. And that has created a bit of a dilemma. On the one hand, you have a conventionally grown apple. On the other, you have one that's organic. Both apples are firm, shiny and red. Both provide vitamins and fiber, and both are free of fat, sodium and cholesterol.\nConventionally grown food generally costs less, but is organic food a better choice? The advantages claimed for such foods over conventionally grown and sold food products are now being debated on a large scale. Supporters of organic foods -- a term whose meaning varies greatly --are frequently telling the world that such products are safer and more nutritious than others.\nThe growing interest of consumers in the safety and nutritional quality of daily foods is a welcome development. However, much of this interest has been aroused by sweeping claims that the conventional food supply is unsafe or inadequate in meeting nutritional needs.\nAlmost daily, the public is surrounded by claims for \"no-aging\" diets, new vitamins and other wonder foods. There are numerous unsubstantiated  reports that natural vitamins are superior to man-made ones, that fertilized eggs are nutritionally superior to unfertilized eggs, that untreated grains are better than those treated with insect spray and the like.\nAlthough most of these claims are not supported by scientific evidence, large amounts of written material about the benefits of organic foods makes it difficult for people to separate fact from fiction. As a result, claims that eating a diet consisting of organically grown foods prevents or cures disease or provides other benefits to health have become widely advertised and form the basis for people's opinion.\nOne thing that most organically grown food products seem to have in common is that they cost more than conventionally grown foods. But in many cases consumers are misled if they believe organic foods can maintain health and provide better nutritional quality than conventionally grown foods. So there is real cause for concern if consumers, particularly those with limited incomes, distrust the conventional food supply and buy only expensive organic foods instead.", "id": "high7039.txt"}