{"answers": ["C", "A", "D", "C"], "options": [["Adjust to it gradually.", "Never share fears with your parents.", "Talk to your roommates about it.", "Get along with your roommates."], ["Not trying to change them.", "Avoid making friends with them.", "Developing the same interest as them.", "Not talking with them."], ["It's easy for the first-year students to adapt to the college life.", "First-year students can get along well with roommates quickly.", "The university center can only help the first-year students solve problems.", "The school counseling center is familiar with the problems the first-year students face."], ["Freshmen may meet many problems.", "Communication is important in college.", "How you can adjust to your first year in college.", "How schools help freshmen to get used to college life."]], "questions": ["What's the author's first suggestion on dealing with homesickness?", "Which of the following ways of dealing with roommates is RIGHT?", "From the passage, we can know that  _", "What's the main idea of the text?"], "article": "A popular student in her small high school, Katie started college, expecting to do well in her courses and be best friends with her roommates. But things didn't turn out that way. Psych 101, the course she thought would be a first-semester favorite, turned out to be a struggle.\nLiving away from home tends to be the toughest adjustment for first-year students. You may feel homesick in your first weeks or months. It can help to call, write, or email your parents and friends, making them know how you're going. You can also talk with your roommates. As first-year students themselves, they're probably experiencing many of the same fears and worries that you're dealing with .\nBut what if you don't get along well with your roommates?\nIn some cases, it can be a good thing if you and your roommates aren't much alike. Different views on things may be helpful, so respect your differences no matter what.\nIf you and your roommates don't get along well, it can help to find someone who you feel does understand you, which should be easy on a campus with so many people. Many schools have student organization nights where all of the campus clubs gather and promote their organizations, so you can meet people with the same interests there as you. You'll also meet tons of people in class or in your dorm building.\nAs homesickness, painful throats, sprained   ankles and wisdom teeth that act up are common among college students, you should check out your student guidebook or your school's website to find out information about the university health center.\nIf you think you cannot deal with your problems, make a stop at the school counseling  center. First-year troubles are something the counselors know well. You can get help there.", "id": "high7048.txt"}