{"answers": ["B", "B", "D"], "options": [["the most popular Internet technology in 2006", "some new ways for people to communicate or have fun on the Internet", "one online game called Second Life", "the high price of playing online"], ["Three young men.", "Google.", "Computer users.", "Yahoo."], ["Teachers can share ideas, experiences and concerns about their work with other teachers on any website.", "More than fifteen million American teenagers play fantasy sports.", "Second Life helps people get married, buy and sell goods, work, play and attend school in real life.", "Fantasy sports, a game in which each member of a group acts as the owner of a team, is very popular around the world."]], "questions": ["The passage is mainly about   _  .", "Who is the owner of YouTube now?", "What do we know from the passage?"], "article": "In 2006, a large number of new Internet sites became popular around the world. Some of these are for communication, others for entertainment .\nThe blog is one form of communication that increased in popularity. Through these personal websites , people can share their lives, ideas and opinions on the Internet. People of all ages have their own blogs. For young people, they are a way to show their writing and other forms of self-expression. Blogs also connect people with other people who have the same interests. For example, teachers use blogs to share ideas with other teachers', as well as experiences and concerns about their work.\nYouTube is another Internet site that became more popular last year. This website lets anyone create, share and watch short videos. These include videos of people singing or dancing, or animals doing funny things. Three young men created YouTube almost two years ago as a personal video sharing service. They recently sold it to Google for more than one and a half billion dollars.\nGames and entertainment also became a larger part of the Internet last year. One Internet social site is called Second Life. It is an online world in which computer users create a new self and live a different life. _ get married, build homes, operate businesses, buy and sell goods, work, play and attend school.\nPeople also take part in fantasy sports leagues with the help of the Internet. A fantasy sport is a game in which each member of a group acts as the owner of a team. Each owner creates a team of real-life professional players to compete against other teams in the league. More than fifteen million American adults play fantasy sports. The industry earns more than one billion  dollars each year from publications, memberships and other costs.", "id": "high7052.txt"}