{"answers": ["D", "C", "C", "A"], "options": [["best describes how to study well", "makes people treat study as a habit", "encourages people to learn step by step", "is not a good inspirational phrase for study"], ["There is no royal road to learning.", "It's better to work behind closed door.", "A positive motivation leads to good study results.", "He who is ashamed of asking is ashamed of learning."], ["A correct goal.", "A good teacher.", "A favorable interest.", "A hard task."], ["give indication of not wanting to be interrupted", "give up others' company at one", "think twice before taking any action", "force yourself to be accustomed to the environment"]], "questions": ["The author might believe that the phrase \"no pains, no gains\"   _  .", "Which saying about study might the author prefer?", "Which might lead to an effective study based on this text?", "If you are studying in a noisy environment, you'd better   _  ."], "article": "Common phrases like \" no pains, no gains\" give the impression that we ought to be suffering while we study. It's almost as though the only way to know if we're putting in enough work is the sense of hardship we bear.\nWhen we haven't taken the time to come up with another idea, all we know how to do is shut ourselves in a room with a book. It's no surprise that we find revision boring and difficult. Just as children learn from playing, we can learn from doing, or at least from study techniques that interest us, rather than make us switch off.\nShutting yourself away can make you learn to hate studying. This leads to a situation where instead of being able to concentrate on your work, you are troubled by how unfair it is that you must study.\nWhen you hate your work it's very difficult to make yourself star, or approach it with any kind of structure or enthusiasm. This can be part of a vicious cycle  that traps you into ineffective revision, your poor progress fuelling further annoyance.\nJust being around other people really helps fight against feelings of loneliness and, thankfully, it's perfectly possible to work in the company of other people. We just need to learn how to deal with distractions .\nIt's not necessary to avoid all company, just idle  company. Studying in the same room as someone who is ironing or working out is perfectly possible. People who are bored and looking to be distracted, however, are terrible to work around. They constantly try to keep others in conversation.\nIt's also a good idea to avoid the company of people involved in activities that you would rather be doing than studying. _ \nIf being around others means working in a noisy environment, a pair of headphones and some background music can block out even noisy children. They also act as a psychological barrier, so that people think twice before interrupting you.\nWhen you're studying for a big exam, it seems like your whole life is taken up with study. Friends and family can lessen feelings of isolation . And connecting with other people makes us happy, so it's important not to give that up and to make sure that we take the time to socialize.", "id": "high7069.txt"}