{"answers": ["B", "D", "B", "A"], "options": [["men begin to depend on women", "couples share the burdens", "men are responsible for housework", "couples can't get along together"], ["they can't bear arranged marriages", "they want to have more choices", "they don't want to follow traditions", "they think they can live happily alone"], ["it requires luck to build a strong relationship", "it takes them too much energy to work", "it needs faith to have a life partnership", "it causes mental problems to find a life partner"], ["The expectations of partners and financial pressure may prevent a relationship.", "People should spend more money on marriage today.", "Independence is much more important than love.", "Even a perfect marriage can be given up for the sake of independence."]], "questions": ["Nowadays, in a family,   _  .", "People don't want to give up their independence because  _  .", "People don't bother to date because  _  .", "Which of the following can best describe the main idea of the passage?"], "article": "One of the most striking findings of a recent questionnaire in the UK is that of the people interviewed, one in two believes that it is becoming more difficult to meet someone to start a family with.\nWhy are many people finding it increasingly difficult to start and keep close relationships? Does modern life really make it harder to fall in love? Or are we making it harder for ourselves?\nIt is certainly the case today that nowadays couples benefit in different ways from relationships. Women no longer rely upon partners for economic security or status. A man doesn't expect his wife to be in sole   charge of running his household and raising his children.\nBut perhaps the knowledge that we can live perfectly well without a partnership means that it takes much more to persuade people to abandon their independence.\nIn theory, finding a partner should be much simpler these days. Only a few generations ago,your choice of soul mate was limited by geography, social convention and family tradition. Although it was never clear, many marriages were essentially arranged. Now those barriers have been broken down. You can approach a builder or a brain surgeon in any bar in any city on any given evening. When the world is your oyster , you surely have a better chance of finding a pearl.\nBut it seems that the traditions have been replaced by an even tighter restriction:the limitation of choice. The expectations of partners are made greater to an unmanageable degree:good looks, impressive salary, kind to grandmother, and so on. There is no room for error in the first impression.\nWe think that a relationship can be perfect. If it isn't,it is intended to be thrown away. We work to protect ourselves against future heartache and don't put in the hard emotional labor needed to build a strong relationship. Twelve-hour work at the office makes relaxed after-hours dating  difficult. The cost of housing and child-raising creates pressure to have a stable  income and career before a life partnership.", "id": "high7076.txt"}