{"answers": ["D", "C", "B", "D"], "options": [["Forget one's anger.", "Express one's anger openly.", "Treat one's anger calmly and reasonably.", "Keep one's anger inside."], ["the heart rate increases", "the blood pressure rises", "the blood contains sugar", "some blood vessels become thinner"], ["Repressing the anger.", "Expressing the anger.", "Learning how to make a deal.", "Treating the anger properly."], ["The different ways of dealing with anger.", "The dangers of anger and the solution.", "New medical discoveries.", "The argument between the new and old views about anger."]], "questions": ["What does the phrase repress anger mean?", "Repressing anger is considered to be dangerous because of all the following except that   _  .", "When you get angry,which of the following should you do for the good of health?", "What is the central topic of this passage about?"], "article": "Doctors say anger can be an very harmful emotion unless you learn how to deal with it. They warn that angry feelings can lead to heart disease, stomach problems, headaches, emotional problems and possibly cancer.\nAnger is a normal emotion that we all feel from time to time. Some people express anger openly in a calm reasonable way. Others burst with anger, losing control of themselves. But other people repress their anger. They cannot or will not express it.\nFor years many doctors thought that repressing anger was more dangerous to a person's health than expressing it. They said that when a person is angry, the brain gives off the same hormones that are produced during tense situations. They speed the heart rate, raise blood pressure, or sugar into the blood and narrow the blood vessels to the interstices . In general, the person feels excited and ready to act.\nDoctors said that repressing these feelings only makes the feelings continue. And this can lead to many medical problems. Doctors thought a person could prevent these problems by letting the anger out by expressing it freely. But recently some doctors held a different view. They said that people who express anger repeatedly and violently did become, in fact, more and not less angry.\nThey said this,too,can cause medical problems.\nSome doctors say that both repressing and expressing anger can be dangerous. They believe that those who express anger violently may be more likely to develop heart disease, and they believe that those who keep their anger inside may face a greater danger of high blood pressure.\nDoctors say the solution is learning how to deal with anger. They say the first step is to admit that you are angry and to recognize the real cause of the anger, and then decide if the cause is serious. If it is, they say: \"Do not express your anger while angry. Wait until your anger has cooled down and you are able to express yourself calmly and reasonably. \"", "id": "high7077.txt"}