{"answers": ["A", "B", "D", "D"], "options": [["few people went to Loch Ness Lake", "many people had been there", "nobody went to the lake", "nobody knew about the lake"], ["It looked like a horse.", "It was a creature with a long neck and a small head.", "It looked beautiful.", "It was tiny and pretty."], ["An American", "A television camera", "A holiday-maker", "A doctor from London"], ["found the monster itself", "found a huge cave under water", "believed that there wasn't any monster at all", "took some pictures which seemed to show a monster"]], "questions": ["Before 1930,   _  .", "What did the monster look like?", "Who first took a photo of the monster?", "A search group formed by some American scientists."], "article": "In the north of Scotland there is a lake called Loch Ness. It is the biggest lake in Britain. It is over thirty kilometres long and in places nearly 300 meters deep. It is cold and dark and not many people went there until after 1930. Then a road was made around the lake. Holiday makers began to use the road, and this was when the stories began.\nSomeone said that he had seen a monster in the lake. He said it was twelve meters long. It had a long neck and a small head. Then someone else said he had seen it. Others said the same thing and in 1933 a London doctor took a photo. It looked like a monster with a long neck and a thick body but the photo was not dear. The newspapers printed the picture and called it the Loch Ness monster, or \"Nessie\".\nThen the argument began. Some people, however, were certain there was something living in the lake. Others said there was nothing there.\nIn 1961, a lot of people joined together to make a real effort to see and photograph the monster if there was one! Several times people thought they saw something but after ten years there was still no real proof.\nLater underwater television cameras were used, but no one found any real proof. However, they did find something interesting: a huge underwater cave. It was big enough to be home of a monster, but of course, this was not a proof.\nIn 1975, however, some American scientists formed a search group. They used an underwater camera. It took pictures every seventy seconds. Some of the pictures seemed to show a red-brown creature. Its body was about four meters long and had a very ugly head on the end of a four meter neck. Many people then began to believe in the monster. But even today we can not be certain.", "id": "high7080.txt"}