{"answers": ["B", "C", "A", "B"], "options": [["you find simple and funny games for your child", "you can stimulate your child's interest in the activity", "you force your child to get involved in more practice", "you improve your own hearing memory first"], ["to practice his pronunciation", "to develop his reading skills", "to help him remember what he hears", "to play a simple game he may find fun"], ["songs in the same way as he does with poems.", "poems in the same way as he does with songs", "the poems and songs which are similar in meaning", "those songs that have the same meaning as poems"], ["Children.", "Parents.", "Teachers.", "Psychologists."]], "questions": ["The suggestions will be successful if  _  .", "The purpose of asking your child to repeat what you say is   _  .", "The last sentence 'Do the same with songs' means you should encourage your child to learn and remember   _  .", "Who are the supposed readers of this passage?"], "article": "You can improve your child's hearing memory considerably . Once his hearing memory has been greatly improved, he'll be able to use and remember what he listens to in class. The success of these suggestions depends upon your ability to use your child's natural desire to get involved in games he finds simple and fun.\nA good way to begin is to read aloud a sentence from a book suitable for your child's reading age. Then ask your youngster to repeat the sentence back to you correctly. Next, reread the sentence, leaving out a particular word. See if your child can identify the word you left out. At the beginning use only simple sentences. Gradually, increase the length of the sentences. Make sure you don't rush things along too quickly, or your child may become discouraged and tired of the game.\nTake your child shopping with you often. He's to remember a list of items you want to buy in the supermarket. First , ask him to remember only a few things. Then, as he shows increased ability to remember, make the list longer and longer. Praise him often and warmly when he shows increased ability to remember things. He'll become proud of his 'good' memory and will happily play the game.\nEncourage your child to learn easy and short poems. As his ability to do this becomes stronger, encourage him to remember longer poems. Do the same with songs.", "id": "high710.txt"}