{"answers": ["B", "D", "B", "A"], "options": [["Every society has its own culture.", "Every one with an identity card has his own culture.", "Animals have their cultures.", "Culture and traditions are connected."], ["A religion that a certain people practice", "Greetings sent to people we love during spring festival", "Face-changing in Sichuan Opera", "Someone's personal habit of staying up very late"], ["Modern societies have written down all the rules for behavior.", "Plants themselves have no culture.", "Disagreement between two societies always leads to war.", "Strong emotions that connect us to our society should be got rid of."], ["cultural exchanges may help reduce the risk of war", "all disagreements are caused by strong feelings", "differences in culture always cause disagreements", "people haven't tried different ways to communicate"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is not true?", "Which of the following has nothing to do with culture according to the passage?", "Which of the following is true?", "We can infer from the passage that   _  ."], "article": "Our culture is the system we use to build our identity. All living creatures are part of a culture. Even animals have a culture! So what is culture? It's the way we behave in a group. It begins with each individual family. Within our families we do things to build relationships with each other. This can include routines for doing things. It also includes traditions. Traditions are activities that are repeated on a regular basis.\nCulture is not limited to individual family groups. The real strength of culture is in larger community  groups. These larger groups are called societies. Every society makes rules for itself. It decides how people should act in different situations. Some of these rules are written down. Some are just things that are automatically expected of all members of that society. Often, cultures can be identified by what the people believe. Cultures are also known by what they choose to include in their art. Sometimes a society forms around people who speak the same language. Cultures may also be known for their customs, including the foods they make and the things they do.\nOur cultures help us understand who we are and what we believe. There are very strong emotions connecting us to our own society. Two different cultures may disagree on something, especially if they both feel strongly about it. When that happens, war is a common result. People are learning better ways to communicate with each other. The more we learn, the more we appreciate the differences in cultures.", "id": "high7103.txt"}