{"answers": ["B", "A"], "options": [["plays a role in a film directed by Scarlett O'Hara", "is most popular with girls under the age of ten", "has rarely changed its image since its birth 50 years ago", "has long lost its leading position on the market of toy dolls"], ["Barbie Turns Fifty", "Hottest Toys for Girls", "Mattel's Barbie Sales", "Play with Bratz Toys"]], "questions": ["We can learn from the text that Barbie   _  .", "What would be the best title for the text?"], "article": "50 years ago Barbie Millicent Roberts first appeared in the world of toys. Barbie, as everyone called her, has become the most successful toy in history. According to Barbie's parents, the Mattel Company, 90% of all American girls between 3 and 10 have at least one Barbie at home.\nIn today's world, however, Barbie is facing an identity crisis. There are many rivals on the market. For example, Bratz dolls, which are very popular among older girls, came to life seven years ago. They look more like today's pop stars with heavy make-up and fashionable miniskirts. Today Bratz is a challenge for Barbie, because the company offers a wide variety of clothing, too.\nIt seems that Barbie has lost her appeal to older girls. \"For younger girls playing with a Barbie is much fun, but when you get older you want something _ , says Alina Foley, a shop assistant in a New York toy store. Indeed, sales have been going down over the past year, partly because of the world's economic crisis.\nBarbie still has a lot going for her. More and more doll lovers all over the globe have become collectors. They trade Barbies or buy them on eBay. Others look for special and rare Barbie dolls, like Scarlett O'Hara from \"Gone with the Wind\".\nOn the international market, Barbie remains number one. Although Mattel has been selling fewer Barbies in the United States over the past year, sales in other countries have been going up. In January Mattel opened its first Barbie store in Shanghai, where girls can shop, eat or even become their own fashion designer.\nBarbie has changed her image many times over the past decades. Originally she worn blond pony tails and had bright red lips. In the 80s she changed to a more colorful new look.\nFor her 50th birthday Mattel is planning some big events. Fashion designers from all over the world have been called to make new clothes for Barbie. She is also scheduled to be a big star during the New York Fashion Week.\nHow long will Barbie stay on as a celebrity in the world of toy dolls? Hard to say, but 50 is definitely not the age to retire.", "id": "high7109.txt"}