{"answers": ["D", "B", "C", "B"], "options": [["To set up her own company.", "To win herself greater popularity.", "To write her books in a new way.", "To make book signings less tiring."], ["It copies the author's signature and prints it on a book.", "It signs a book while receiving the author's signature.", "The webcam sends the author's signature to another city.", "The fan uses it to copy the author's signature himself."], ["It has been completed but not put into use.", "The basement caught fire by accident.", "Some versions failed before its test run.", "The designers were well-prepared for the difficulty."], ["To draft legal documents.", "To improve credit card security", "To keep a record of the author's ideas.", "To allow author and fan to exchange videos"]], "questions": ["Why did Atwood decide to invent the LongPen?", "How does the LongPen work?", "What do we know about the invention of the LongPen?", "How could the LongPen be used in the future?"], "article": "A world-famous Canadian author, Margaret Atwood, has created the world's first long-distance signing device , the LongPen.\nAfter many tiring book-signing tours from city to city, Atwood thought there must be a better way to do them. She hired some technical experts and started her own company in 2004. Together they designed the LongPen. Here's how it works: The author writes a personal message and signature on a computer tablet  using a special pen. On the receiving end, in another city, a robotic arm fitted with a regular pen signs the book. The author and fan can talk with each other via webcams  and computer screens.\nWork on the LongPen began in Atwood's basement . At first, they had no idea it would be as hard as it turned out to be. The device went through several versions, including one that actually had smoke coming out of it. The investing finally completed, test runs were made in Ottawa, and the LongPen was officially launched at the 2006 London Book Fair. From here , Atwood conducted two transatlantic book signings of her latest book for fans in Toronto and New York City.\nThe LongPen produces a unique signature each time because it copies the movement of the author in real time. It has several other potential applications. It could increase credit card security and allow people to sign contracts from another province. The video exchange between signer and receiver can be recorded on DVD for proof when legal documents are used.\n\"It's really fun\", said the owner of a bookstore, who was present for one of the test runs. \"Obviously you can't shake hands with the author, but there are chances for a connection that you don't get from a regular book signing.\"\nThe response to the invention has not been all favorable. Atwood has received criticism from authors who think she is trying to end book tours. But she said, \"It will be possible to go to places that you never got sent to before because the publishers couldn't afford it.\"", "id": "high7118.txt"}