{"answers": ["A", "C", "D", "C"], "options": [["He seemed to have deep emotional problems.", "He seemed not to be getting along well with his classmates.", "He mainly had behavior problems at school.", "He wanted to transfer to another school."], ["He looked old in appearance but lively in spirit.", "He looked common but talked strangely.", "He spoke strangely and looked weak in body.", "He acted as if he were as experienced as a 35-year-old man."], ["his father treated him differently from his brother.", "his family didn't care about what he was doing at school.", "his father blamed the teachers for his problems.", "his brother treated him in an unreasonable way."], ["Timothy's father blamed the author for reading his son's file.", "The school didn't approve Timothy's seeing a counselor.", "The author felt guilty for not helping Timothy in time.", "Students at the Christian school don't have family problems except Timothy."]], "questions": ["What was wrong with Timothy?", "What was Timothy like during the first day of class?", "The reason why Timothy hated his family included that  _  .", ". From the passage we know that  _  ."], "article": "As a first -year teacher at a Christian school ,I was expecting my fifth grade students to be prefect , perfect in behavior , in attitude , and I even expected the home-life of each student to be nearly perfect . I found , of course , that these students were not different from the children I taught in public school .These kids had behavior problems , bad attitudes ,and some even had strikingly difficult family lives .\nOne of my students in particular stands out in my mind .I'll call him Timothy for safety's sake. During the first day of class , I noticed that Timothy was different .Not only in physical appearance , but he also spoke strangely , as though a 35-year-old man were trapped inside his tiny , weak body .On many occasions , I heard Timothy speak of hate, how he hated his family .\nI observed Timohy for several months and read up on his background and searched for any clue that would lead me closer to understanding this child's strange behavior .Finally I was directed to Timothy's older brother's cheating in an exam and had taken his anger out on Timothy at home .Timothy's parents , in turn , had contacted the school, blaming them for Timothy's problems.\nI had written a letter to the administration asking that Timothy see a counselor . The school was in the process of contacting a counselor when Timothy was transferred to another school. His father hurried around my room collecting Timothy's things and left. That is the last we have seen or heard from Timothy. I was left with an empty desk and a broken heart. I cried for days afterwards. I felt as though I had done Timothy a _ ...I did not help him when he needed me. I still think about Timothy every day, and pray for him every morning.", "id": "high7119.txt"}