{"answers": ["B", "A", "C"], "options": [["Watching cartoons.", "Reading.", "Playing basketball.", "Riding her bike."], ["My education had become very narrow after high school.", "A 13-year-old girl could also read 34 books in one year.", "I skimmed my three books while reading in the library.", "I was still tired of reading during my study in the university."], ["enjoyed some faraway planet very much", "felt surprised to study computer engineering", "loved reading very much after growing up", "became wise and rich after high school"]], "questions": ["What used to make the author bored?", "Which of the following is TURE according to the passage?", "We can infer from the passage that the author  _  ."], "article": "In ninth grade, I thought Jennifer Fever, the dark-haired girl who sat behind me in classroom, was an alien . Our class organized an activity to raise money for the library, and in one month, Jennifer read 34 books. I couldn't believe it. Surely, she was from some faraway planet where creature lived and they didn't own television sets. How could a human being, a 13-year-old girl, read 34 books in one month?\nI had read three books. And by \"read\", I mean skimmed. I mean opened and placed them on my lap while watching cartoons.\nWho had time to read? In addition to my favorite cartoons, I had a basketball that required playing, a baseball that required throwing, and a volleyball that required volleying. And it wasn't as if my bike could ride itself.\nBesides, reading was boring. And if I wanted to be bored, it would be much easier just to pay attention during Mr. Kearly's social studies class.\nAfter senior high school, my education had become very narrow: computer engineering, mathematics, physics, and not much else.\nYears later, I realized something: I had not memory of ever reading a book for pleasure. But there was a world of knowledge outside science and engineering, and I was tired of being ignorant of it, so I decided I would become a reader. I dived into book after book. In short, the bookworm within me had awakened.\nToday, I carry a book(if not two or three) with me wherever I go. An hour-long waiting for the bus is not trouble; rather, it's a chance to enjoy a few chapters of Malcolm Gladwell's latest works. Sometimes, I wish my waiting was longer.", "id": "high7121.txt"}