{"answers": ["D", "A", "D"], "options": [["Two.", "Three.", "Four.", "Five."], ["call on others to protect our Earth", "recycle what we have used", "try our best to stop driving cars", "save as much energy as possible"], ["tell us the importance of protecting our Earth", "Help us to cut down the pollution on our Earth", "teach us some knowledge about our health today", "guide us to some ways of protecting our Earth"]], "questions": ["How many ways to be green are mentioned in the passage?", "According to the passage, the most important way to be green is to  _  .", "The passage is intended to  _  ."], "article": "Being green is everywhere these days, whether it is in the school, factory or anywhere on the Internet. This is because our planet is in danger, losing resources, polluting resources and destroying ecosystems . Different species are dying because we can't take care of our home. Now ask yourself why you don't want a green healthier lifestyle and to save animals. Keep _ in mind as you read on.\nThere are many ways to be green, first of all, everyone should recycle; it's something easy and helps our planet in many ways. All you'd have to do is put recycling in recycling and garbage in garbage. Another popular thing is to try your best not to drive a car. Sometimes you can just walk, bike, or take a subway. This ensures that our air won't be polluted, which in turn helps our lungs and everything else on our planet. Next thing is saving energy. We can do this by not using too much heat or air conditioning in summer or winter. It's not preferable because it's hard, but you can try and put your washing machine on cold whenever possible and try to keep electronics out of the rubbish. What's more, remember to stop drinking from plastic bottles because plastic can only be used once and if used many times, it will become unhealthy. So you'd better use a glass or buy a reusable water bottle. The last and most important thing is, spread this news to the world and tell them what's happening in our world. I've only listed a small part of the endless possibilities to save this world. The least you can do is do the simple ones.", "id": "high7122.txt"}