{"answers": ["A", "D", "B"], "options": [["Kari, a teacher who works eight hours a day.", "Jim, who has a daughter sensitive to dog's smell.", "Dick, a jobless teenager who can hardly pay his rent.", "Steven, a business man who travels a lot on business."], ["buying dog food and feeding it", "taking it to hospital when necessary", "spending time each day playing with it", "finding a shelter for it when you are bored with it"], ["Dogs Are Dogs", "Ready for a Pet?", "Have Time for a Dog?", "Pets Are Family Members"]], "questions": ["Who might be qualified to be a dog owner, according to the text?", "To be a responsible dog owner you need to do all the following EXCEPT   _  .", "What might be the best title for the text?"], "article": "Many people _ , only to find out that they are not ready for a pet. This often results in the dog being turned over to a shelter where it may not find another home. This can be avoided if potential pet owners take the time to figure out if they are truly ready for the responsibilities of pet ownership.\nBeing a responsible pet owner involves a financial commitment that goes beyond buying dog food. There are also parasite   prevention, boarding costs while traveling and the cost to care for the pet should it become ill or injured. That is not to say that one must be rich in order to have a dog, but it is important to be prepared for the expenses that come with being a pet owner.\nAnother consideration is the time commitment. An owner away from home for 14 hours every day is not an ideal situation for a dog. A potential dog owner must also consider the time it takes to care for his or her pet, the time it takes to feed, walk, play with, bathe and clean up. Also, dogs require attention. Be prepared to spend time each day petting and playing with it.\nDogs are dogs, and will act like dogs. This includes barking, digging, having accidents in the house and, possibly, destroying some of the owner's prized possessions, such as furniture, shoes and cell phones. If the above would cause an owner to want to get rid of the dog, then he or she is not yet ready to be a pet owner. Many wonderful pets end up in shelters simply because they acted like dogs!", "id": "high7134.txt"}