{"answers": ["D", "B", "C"], "options": [["Getting along well with her father .", "Being away on previous Father's Day .", "Visiting a card exhibition at a mall .", "Failing to find a satisfactory card ."], ["Jenny seldom saw her father drive that huge car .", "Jenny had never realized her father's being weak .", "Jenny's father slapped her on the face somewhere .", "Jenny knew her father's real age from that day on ."], ["inform him of their conflicts", "apologize for her being stubborn", "express her genuine love to him", "remind him of the early incident"]], "questions": ["What caused Jenny to write the letter ?", "What can we learn from Para. 6 ?", "Jenny wrote her father this letter to   _   ."], "article": "Dear Dad ,\nToday I was at the shopping mall and I spent a lot of time reading the Father's Day cards . They all had a special message that in some way or another reflected how I feel about you . Yet as I selected and read , it occurred to me that not a single card said what I really want to say to you.\nYou'll soon be 84 years old , Dad , and you and I will have had 55 Father's Days together . I haven't always been with you on Father's Day but I've always been with you in my heart.\nYou know , Dad , there was a time when we were separated by the generation gap . You stood on one side of the Great Divide and I on the other.\nThe Father-Daughter Duel shifted into high gear when you taught me to drive the old Dodge and I decided I would drive the 54 Chevy whether you liked it or not . The police officer who sent me home after you reported the Chevy stolen didn't have much tolerance for a stubborn 16 year old , while you were so tolerant about it , Dad , and I think that was probably what made it the worst night of my life.\nOur relationship picked up when I married a man you liked , and things really _ when we began making babies right and left . Somewhere along the line , the generation gap disappeared . I suppose I saw us and our relationship as aging together , rather like a fine wine.\nBut the strangest thing happened last week . I was at a stop sign and I watched as you turned the corner in your car . It didn't immediately occur to me that it was you because the man driving looked so elderly and fragile behind the wheel of that huge car . It was rather like a slap in the face delivered from out of nowhere. Perhaps I saw your age for the first time that day.\nI guess what I'm trying to say , Dad , is what every son and daughter wants to say to their Dad today . Honoring a father on Father's Day is about respect and sharing and acceptance and tolerance and giving and taking . It's about loving someone more than words can say , and it's wishing that it never had to end.\nI love you , Dad.\nLove,\nJenny", "id": "high7140.txt"}