{"answers": ["B", "B", "D"], "options": [["is regarded as the best way to fight depression", "contributes to the release of endorphins", "can't help the seriously depressed students", "improve people's ability to learn and memorize"], ["enables students to get involved in college life", "helps students stay in contact with others", "offers students a way to make new friends", "provides a way to avoid getting bored"], ["Taking exercise regularly every week", "Chatting with old friends with Skype", "Turning to mental health experts for advice", "Holding parties deep into the night to relax"]], "questions": ["According to the passage , physical activity   _   .", "Taking advantage of technology is encouraged because it   _", "which of the following can NOT help one reduce depression?"], "article": "Roughly half of college students will have some degree of depression at some point during their time in school . Even more startling , 6.2 percent of college students surveyed in 2012 considered suicide and 1.3 percent attempted it , according to an American College Health Association study released this spring . If you're feeling depressed on campus , you may find the following tips helpful .\nExercise : Physical activity releases endorphins - chemicals that produce an overall positive feeling within the body , which fight depression naturally . Mental health experts claim that exercise is a solution to those feeling mild or moderate depression . However , for those severely depressed , simply doing sports is not enough .\nUse school counseling services : Campuses don't employ mental health experts simply to throw thousands of dollars down the drain . Their job is to help students , so experts recommend you use them . Most students , however , are hesitant to take a trip to their college's counseling center , fearing being laughed at by peers . As a result , some schools like Texas Christian University , are testing students for mental health problems when they get sick and visit the campus health clinic .\nTake advantage of technology : Staying in touch with family members and friends from childhood and high school has become easier than ever with the coming of Facebook and video chat services like Skype . While mental health experts insist that it's important to make friends in your new environment and be involved in the college community , it's also significant to keep in touch with the people you knew before college .\nGo to sleep : Following a fairly regular sleep pattern can defend you against depression . In college , many students' sleep patterns are irregular thanks to late-night studying and partying , which is harmful to their mental health . Research strongly suggests that sleep is the key to learning and memory formation .", "id": "high7141.txt"}