{"answers": ["A", "A", "C", "B"], "options": [["his timid characteristic", "one of the author's friends Howard", "his loud sound", "his strange behaviors"], ["Howard had a strange behavior", "Howard should be afraid of the metal poles", "Howard should know the approaching of the terrible lightning", "Howard bit his trousers in his teeth"], ["Dogs are cleverer and better than men.", "Dogs are usually afraid of thunderstorms.", "Some animals can feel certain things humans cannot.", "Dogs are naturally born heroes."], ["It was about 200 meters from the author's home.", "It was destroyed in a rainy day.", "Its roof was supported by wood poles.", "It could produce blinding flash of lightning."]], "questions": ["The author named his dog Howard mainly because of  _  .", "The reason why the author was puzzled and angry with the dog was that  _  .", "Which of the following is true according to the passage?", "What can be inferred about the bus shelter from the passage?"], "article": "Maybe you don't think animals have certain mental powers which human beings do not have. But the truth is that some of them have instincts, and besides this, I am sure they can feel certain things we humans cannot. A personal experience showed me this.\nSome years ago, I had a dog named Howard. From the time when he was a puppy, he was timid, so we named him Howard, sounding like \"coward\"! He was especially afraid of thunderstorms. At the first flash of lightning or crash of thunder, he would run whining into his house and hide under a table.\nI often went for a walk with Howard. Once, as we were walking along a road, it began to rain. I quickly ran to a bus stop for shelter. The bus stop had a roof supported by metal poles. Soon after I had got there, Howard caught my trousers in his teeth and tried to pull me away. At first I was puzzled and a little angry at his behavior. But I decided to humor him and walked away from the shelter into the rain and started to go home.\nWhen I was about two hundred metres from the shelter, there came a flash of lightning and soon after, there was thunder which nearly deafened me. Howard stopped walking and began whining. Thinking he was afraid, I bent to pick him up. As I straightened up, I glanced at the bus shelter we had just left. I was shocked to see that two of the poles were bent and the roof was lying on the ground, broken. The shelter had been struck by the bolt of lightning!", "id": "high7145.txt"}