{"answers": ["A", "C", "B", "C"], "options": [["lives an unhealthy lifestyle", "lives a rich and happy life", "doesn't get any exercise", "sets a good example for teenagers"], ["They are tired of school.", "Their celebrity idols appear in many TV shows.", "They're in their development period.", "They have nothing to do in their spare time"], ["to keep healthy to face competition", "to survive under pressure", "to keep a slim size", "to satisfy their teenage fans"], ["Parents' responsibilities.", "Advice on self-control.", "Bad influences of celebrities.", "Media's bad influences."]], "questions": ["From the passage we can find Lindsay Lohan  _  .", "According to the writer, why are teenagers easily influenced by some TV shows?", "Many celebrities have to be on diet  _  .", "What's the title of the passage?"], "article": "As we know, many teen celebrities  feel and think that having a slimmer figure can do great good to them. But, does size really matter? Are teenage fans trying hard to become like their celebrity idols ? Do celebrities really have the power to influence people, especially teenagers?\nFor the longest time, many parents blame teen idols for influencing the way their kids act. Have you noticed how teens idolize the celebrities these days? Even, their personal affairs are being followed by kids these days. Take for example the case of Lindsay Lohan of Mary Kate Ashley. They are definitely famous teen stars. But, since they are trying to project an image to satisfy a lot of people in show business, their health and body suffer. Many kids are aware of this problem. But they are easily influenced by these celebrities to exercise and eat less.\nIt is a fact that the media, and especially famous teen celebrities, can influence people powerfully. But teenagers are easily influenced because teenage years are the period when our personality and identity developments take place. Teens watching TV shows and reading magazines are easily pulled into the dieting and harmful eating habits because the media have some ways to pull these acts. They use thin models and celebrities to endorse  products or to star in an up-and -coming shows or movies. With fierce competition, celebrities are forced to eat less and do extreme exercise routines to get the roles or offers that come their way.\nLiving in today's time and generation is a bit disturbing to a lot of parents. Media, especially as well as the celebrities, have a very powerful influence to drive teenagers to good or bad. It's good that we can control ourselves to avoid bad things from happening. If not, parents should really be aware and guide their teens to determine what's in ad what's out.", "id": "high7146.txt"}