{"answers": ["B", "B"], "options": [["try not to fit the clinic definition of obesity", "diet as well as exercise enough", "get little exercise every day", "focus your attention on diet only"], ["raise people's awareness of healthy diet", "control the public school dietary supplying", "ban the sugary soft drinks", "realise the importance of dieting"]], "questions": ["You should  _  when you want to lose weight", "The First Lady has started a movement to  _  ."], "article": "More than one-third of adults in the United States are obese . In fact, over obesity has reached such proportions that one big-city mayor has gone about banning large-sized, sugary soft drinks and the First Lady has been on a campaign to control the dietary offerings in public schools.\nEven many adults who do not fit the clinic definition of obesity are still overweight, and a large percentage are looking for the best ways to lose weight.\nReducing pounds largely comes down to the two-sided factors of diet and exercise. Not carrying out the first one enough, and not getting enough of the second one, ends up giving the individual a recipe for being overweight.\nAdvising someone to eat less and exercise more might be the easiest advice possible, but it's also, partially, an oversimplification. Dieting has more to do with the types of food you eat than how much you eat. Reduce the amount of red meat in your diet. If you don't want to eliminate red meat altogether, choose cuts of meat with less fat content. Limit your intake of salt and starches. If you've got to have potato chips alongside your sandwich at lunch, choose the baked potato chips that contain less fat than the deep-fried chips. You might find you're really not sacrificing that much in terms of taste.\nA diet rich in fruits, vegetables, egg whites, fish and nonfat dairy products will certainly aid in the mission of losing weight. Drink more water and less sugary drinks. If you have to have a soda, a diet soda is a better option, but seltzer is an even better choice than that.\nIt's important--if not always easy--to make sure you get at least some physical activity each and every day. If your feet won't allow for a regular jogging regimen, then make sure you take lots of walks. Next time you need to mail a letter, walk to the mailbox instead of driving. Try to work in a daily walk in your neighborhood.", "id": "high7149.txt"}