{"answers": ["C", "A", "D", "B"], "options": [["she was born of a very rich family", "she had the most important newspaper", "she was in charge of the The Washington Post", "she gained much money from newspapers"], ["her husband gave up his previous job", "she got a job editing letters for the editor", "she made The Washington Post improved", "her husband wanted to be a political leader"], ["Katharine Graham had confidence to operate the newspaper well.", "Katharine Graham made up her mind to raise the kids.", "KatharineGraham thought more about gaining experience.", "Katharine Graham seemed to be trapped in the dark world."], ["He was an expert when it came to earning money.", "He brought The Washington Post back to life.", "He intended to buy The Washington Post.", "He should have given more help to Katharine Graham."]], "questions": ["Katharine Graham is considered powerful because   _  .", "After Katharine Graham got married   _  .", "Faced with the death of Mr. Graham   _  .", "What do you think of Benjamin C. Bradlee?"], "article": "Katharine Meyer Graham was once described as \"the most powerful woman in America.\" She was not a government official or elected representative. She owned and published The Washington Post. Under her leadership, it became one of the most important newspapers in the country.\nKatharine Meyer was born in New York City in 1917. Her father was a successful investment banker and became an important financial official. Her family was very rich. Katharine grew up in large houses in New York and Washington. Her parents were often away from home, traveling and working, Katharine was often lonely. Katherine Meyer graduated from the University of Chicago in Illinois in 1938. In 1933, her father bought a failing newspaper, The Washington Post. It was the least successful one of five newspapers in Washington.\nKatharine Graham returned to Washington and got a job editing letters to the editor of her father's newspaper. She married Philip Graham. He was a clerk for Supreme Court Justice Felix Frankfurter but soon accepted a job at his wife's father's newspaper. Mr. Graham improved The Washington Post. He bought Newsweek and several television stations. He also established close ties with important political leaders. However, Mr. Graham treated his wife badly. He had an affair with a young reporter. For many years, Mr. Graham suffered from mental illness. He killed himself in 1963.\nKatharine Graham had four children to raise and a newspaper to operate. At first, she was only concerned about finding a way to keep control of The Washington Post until her sons were old enough. She did not think she had the ability to do an important job. She had no training in business or experience in operating a large company. In those days, it was unusual for a woman to be the head of a business. Women were expected to look after their homes and children.\nKatharine Graham met with officials of The Washington Post. She was elected president of The Washington Post Company. She had no idea about how to operate a newspaper. So she decided to learn. She began by hiring Benjamin C.Bradlee. He later became chief editor. Mr. Bradlee improved the newspaper. He hired excellent reporters and editors. They began doing important investigative reporting. In 1969, Mrs. Graham became publisher as well as president of The Washington Post Company. In the 1970s, The Washington Post became famous around the world because of two major successes.", "id": "high7153.txt"}