{"answers": ["C", "B", "A", "D"], "options": [["It is taller, wider and thinner.", "It is taller, wider and thicker.", "It is taller, thinner but not wider.", "It is shorter, wider and thinner."], ["doing things easily on it by moving arm away", "scrolling more quickly than before", "getting the entire shot in a single snap", "using Bodytime for a person's entire body"], ["6.232mm.", "1.558mm.", "1.368mm.", "6.042mm."], ["Bodytime will replace Facetime in the future.", "Scrolling on the phone will be the thing of the past.", "All your favorite apps are still available on the new iPhone.", "iPhone 5 will be the tallest thing to happen."]], "questions": ["What can we learn about iPhone 5?", "Which this new iPhone, you can do all the following EXCEPT  _  .", "How thick is the redesigned iPhone 5 if the previous iPhone is  7.6mm in thickness?", "What is the main idea of the passage?"], "article": "Expert Tricks on iPhone 5\nWe don't want to change your phone, we wanna make you say, wow, that is a bigger change than I expected. iPhone 5 in a result of that desire to surprise. It's been completely redesigned.\nFor the first time ever, we've increased the size of display by making the screen taller but not wider. You can see more of your content without the need to scroll. We are making scrolling the thing of the past. iPhone 5 is more comfortable to use and reduces scrolling tiredness when you are reading long documents.\nEven with the larger display, iPhone 5 is the thinnest iPhone we ever built. To achieve the design this tall, we have to look at it and completely redesign the internal architecture. It's 18% thinner and 79.5% taller than the previous iPhone.\nIt makes everything you do on iPhone 5 feels easier and just move your arm away. No more hidden menus, no confusing gestures. Everything is right at your fingertips.\nThe panorama feature  is simply awesome. The ultra-HD widescreen display let you get your entire shot in a single snap. You can also use your iPhone 5's innovative design for image stabilization.\nWith an iPhone this tall, reception has never been better. You enjoy crystal clear clarity on even the longest calls.\nAnd of course, all your favorite applications are still available. In fact you will find your old favorites also benefit from the new handsome ultra-HD widescreen. We found while many previous iPhone owners were using Facetime, they only used it for the faces. That's why we are introducing Bodytime. Using iPhone 5's ultra-HD widescreen display, Bodytime let you see a person's entire body, allowing you to detect mannerisms and defects like never before.\nWe look way beyond what our thoughts expect, it took all of our learning, all of our thinking to realize something so simple, so clear, and yet so tall.\niPhone 5, the tallest thing to happen to iPhone since iPhone.", "id": "high7154.txt"}