{"answers": ["C", "D", "A"], "options": [["The library.", "Sports hall.", "The science block.", "The passage doesn't tell us."], ["the education of England is worse", "St Mary's Catholic Technology College had no trouble finding enough classrooms", "a shortage of money prevented more than 100 firemen controlling the big fire", "the pupils had to stay at home before the alternative classrooms were found"], ["Five boys started a fire that destroyed their school.", "The firemen failed in controlling the fire.", "The staff and the children were upset.", "The school planned to take measures to solve the problem."]], "questions": ["Which part of St Mary's Catholic Technology College was burned to the ground in the fire?", "From the whole passage, we can know that  _  .", "What's the main idea of the passage?"], "article": "Five boys are suspected of starting a fire that destroyed their school on the eve of the new term. Police said yesterday that five boys -- one aged 11, two 12-year-olds, one aged 13 and one 15 -- arrested on suspicion of starting the fire had been released until later this month. Parents said the five pupils all attended St Mary's.\nPupils witnessed their schoolwork being destroyed in the fire at Leyland St Mary's Catholic Technology College in Lancashire. The 1950s science block was reduced to the ground in Sunday's fire, which created clouds of smoke visible for miles. It is reported that the library and sports hall were also destroyed beyond repair. Strong winds and a shortage of water prevented 125 firemen trying to bring it under control. Firefighters were expected to remain at the scene until late this afternoon. Staffs were due to attend the school yesterday for an inset day, and pupils pupils were to return for lessons after the holidays today.\nSt Mary's head teacher Kathy McNicholas fought back the tears as she watched her school go up in flames last night. She said, \"This is so upsetting to watch. It's heartbreaking. It's very _ for the staff and the children. Everyone had been looking forward to coming back for the new school year.\" Finding somewhere around 730 children won't be easy. A few of the staff have turned up to see if there is anything they can do and they have all been shocked and saddened by what has happened. \"It's tragic because we have only just had a lot of refreshment work done to the school during the summer break. It was a big investment. The community around here very much looks after its school.\"\nPlans were being drawn up to provide alternative classrooms for 730 children, with parents warned to keep them at home for at least the rest of the week.", "id": "high7161.txt"}