{"answers": ["A", "D", "D"], "options": [["The Achievement and Dream of the \"Weichi Prince\"", "Wang Chen Won the International University WEICHI Tournament 2013", "Weichi Brings Wang a Sense of Achievement and Independence", "Wang Chen's Life"], ["54 countries attended the International University WEICHI Tournament 2013 in Shanghai.", "Wang Chen began to attend the Chinese Rank Promotion from the age of 7.", "In 2013, Wang Chen received 100,000 yuan in prize money.", "Wang Chen has won 10 national and international championships nowadays."], ["Family plays an important role in shaping world-rank players.", "As long as you have the same loneliness as Wang Chen, you are sure to succeed.", "Wang Chen doesn't get on well with his classmates.", "Perseverance helps to make a top player."]], "questions": ["What's the best title of the passage?", "Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage?", "What can we learn from this passage?"], "article": "This July, Wang Chen, a student from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, won the International University WEICHI Tournament 2013 in Shanghai, which saw competitors from 54 universities around the world, including Harvard University and Massachusetts Institute of Technology.\nCompared with the busy sports ground, it seems a bit dull, but Wang and his peers enjoy an intense brain workout . Wang is an amateur seventh-degree master player -- the highest degree amateur players can attain. \"I had hoped to win first place, but when it came true, I couldn't believe it,\" says Wang. Wang began studying weichi  when he was 7 years old. \"I was a quiet boy and my parents thought weichi would help develop my logical thinking ability,\" he says. He began to attend the Chinese Rank Promotion from the age of 10. \"I failed for nine years, and them I gave up. I entered university and became an amateur player,\" says Wang.\nWhat this hobby brings Wang is not only a sense of achievement, but also independence. He has won 10 national and international championships, which have brought the young student a handsome sum of money. When he won the national amateur competition in 2011, he received 100,000 yuan in prize money. With awards from contests, Wang covers his expenses and tuition fees all by himself.\nWang is busier than most of his peers. A look at his calendar shows that he will attend competitions in Guizhou and Taiwan at the end of August, after attending an international competition only this July. But Wang admits he has little in common with his classmates. \"I feel a bit lonely sometimes,\" he says.\nOn campus Wang spends more time on exploring his skills. Wang now regards playing weichi as a hobby. He is the captain of the weichi team on campus, which has five members. He organizes them to research the latest formations once a week. Wang says his next project is to promote weichi among his peers on campus. \"Many young people in China don't understand this kind of sports and I want to promote it,\" says Wang.", "id": "high7162.txt"}