{"answers": ["B", "B", "A", "A", "A"], "options": [["He didn't want to live with the white men.", "He had special feeling for the land where he was living.", "He didn't want to be separated from his parents.", "He thought the reservation in Idaho wasn't satisfying."], ["While the Indians were waiting by the river,a group of white men stole some of the cattle.", "When the Indians reached the Snake River,it was very hard for them to cross it.", "Chief Joseph and his people were unwilling to cross the deep river.", "Before they left their home,the Nez Perce had only a few cattle and Appaloosa horses."], ["conflicts often happened between the Indians and the white", "Chief Joseph was afraid of white men", "white men often killed some Indians", "Chief Joseph knew it would be hopeless to defend the land"], ["the United States army wanted to revenge", "all the Nez Perce fled", "Chief Joseph tried his best to keep peace", "Chief Joseph blamed White Bird"], ["The story of Chief Joseph", "The American Civil War", "Chief Joseph and his children", "The Nez Perce Indians"]], "questions": ["Why didn't Chief Joseph want to leave the land?", "Which of the following is TRUE?", "From the passage we can infer that   _  .", "After some of the young men in White Bird's group killed eleven white persons,  _  .", "What might be the title of the passage?"], "article": "In eighteen seventy-seven,the American government decided to move the Nez Perce Indians from their land. The government had set up a reservation for them in Idaho. Chief Joseph did not want to leave the land. It was holy ground. It contained the bones of his father and mother.\nBut,like his father in earlier times,Chief Joseph knew it would be hopeless to stay and defend the land. There were too few Indians to win a war against the white men.\nAnd so in June of eighteen seventy-seven,the Nez Perce left their home in the Wallowa Valley. They left quickly. They were able to take only a small part of what they owned,and just a few cattle and Appaloosa horses.\nWhen the Indians reached the Snake River,the water was very deep and ran very fast with melted snow from the mountains. Chief Joseph and his people made boats from sticks and dried animal skins to cross the river. While the Indians were busy,a group of white men came and stole some of the cattle waiting at the edge of the river.\nThe other chiefs demanded that Joseph call a meeting. Two of the chiefs,White Bird and Toohoolhoolzote,spoke for War,but Joseph held different opinion.\nSome of the young men in White Bird's group were very angry. That night,they rode into the countryside and killed eleven white persons.\nDuring all his years as chief,Joseph had tried to keep the peace. Now he saw there was no hope. Although he and his young men had taken no part in the killings,he knew that the white men would blame all of the Indians. Chief Joseph said,\"I would have given my own life if I could have undone the killing of the white men.\"\nMany Nez Perce fled. Chief Joseph remained,because his wife was about to have a baby. After she gave birth,he and his family joined the others in White Bird Canyon to the south.\nJoseph wanted to lead the people to safety in the flat lands of Montana. But the United States army quickly sent horse soldiers to follow them.\nThey were extremely tired when they reached White Bird Canyon. An Indian--carrying a white flag--walked forward to meet them. A soldier shot him.\nWith that shot,war between the Nez Perce and the United States began.", "id": "high7164.txt"}