{"answers": ["B", "B", "D"], "options": [["Charles Dickens", "the French Revolution", "deep sympathy", "the upper class"], ["Charles is as brave and able as Sydney.", "Sydney loves a woman he shouldn't love.", "The revolutionaries show justice as usual.", "Charles hates his wife, Dr. Manette's daughter."], ["The authority is changing over and over again.", "The novel is about something good only.", "A great man can sacrifice his life for his lover.", "Only love can settle the problems between people."]], "questions": [". A Tale of Two Cities is mainly about  _  .", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?", "What may Dickens really want to imply us readers?"], "article": "A Tale of Two Cities was written by the famous English writer Charles Dickens. The tale is mainly about the French Revolution in 1789, where the poor rose up against the king and the nobles. Dickens showed deep sympathy for the poor and deep hatred for the cruelty of the upper class, though he wrote quite a lot about the love triangle between Lucie, Charles and Sydney.\nIn this novel, Dickens wrote some lively characters like Sydney and those crazy revolutionaries. In this tale, we can't see any absolute roles. Charles, though he's a brave and good man, obviously he hasn't as much ability as Sydney. Sydney, a typical tragic  man, a man like him, usually has great ability. But he has some weak points on characters and the worst is that he always loves a woman he shouldn't love and 99.99% die for her at last in an extremely heroic or tragic way. The revolutionaries are not as full of justice as usual. They get mad when they can get revenge  for their unfair treatment. The fire of hatred burns everything. When they're at the bottom of the society, they're calling for justice, for fair treatment, for freedom, but when they're in charge of the society, their world is up-side-down. They hate everything that is connected to the very people against them, even including Charles' wife, Dr. Manette's daughter. So _ have no difference from those former governors at heart.\nThough Dickens told us how the authority is recycling over and over again in some way, the novel is about something good. Love from Sydney to Lucie is one of the only few bright points in the novel and it's really great. A man can sacrifice his life to save his lover's husband. He doesn't have any personal purpose and just for his lover's happiness. So Dickens may imply us, only love can solve the problems between people, between the poor and the rich, love is everything.", "id": "high7174.txt"}