{"answers": ["D", "B", "D", "A"], "options": [["analyzes the cause of disappointment", "describes his personal experience in dealing with disappointment", "criticizes Helen and Kevin's negative responses to disappointment", "offers specific examples of the ways people deal with disappointment"], ["way", "choice", "place", "job"], ["work even harder to get better than her promoted co-worker", "stand the pressure and competition", "win a good opinion from the boss by seeking his advice", "move into another department to have her talent and hard work appreciated"], ["Disappointment is an inevitable part of life and we have to handle it in a positive way.", "Life is made up of a series of disappointments. We have to accept them.", "There are two kinds of reactions to disappointment.", "Most people react to disappointment in negative ways."]], "questions": ["In this passage, the author   _  .", "From the context, the word \"option\" (Para.4) means   _  .", "In the author's opinion, Helen should   _   instead of feeling depressed.", "Which of the following best expresses the main ides of this selection?"], "article": "No one gets through life without experiencing many disappointments. Strangely, though, most people seem unprepared for disappointment and react to it in negative ways. They feel depressed or try to escape from their troubles instead of using disappointment as an opportunity for growth.\nOne negative reaction to disappointment is depression. A woman trying to win a promotion, for example, works hard for over a year in her department. Helen is so sure she will get the promotion. However, the boss names one of Helen's co-workers for the spot. Deeply depressed, Helen loses her enthusiasm for her job and can barely force herself to show up every day. Helen tells herself that she is a failure and that doing a good job just isn't worth the work.\nAnother negative reaction to disappointment is the desire to escape. Kevin fails to get into the college his brother is attending, the college that was the focus of all his dreams, and decides to escape his disappointment. Why worry about college at all? Instead, he covers up his real feelings by giving up on his school-work and getting completely involved with friends, parties, and \"good times\".\nThe positive way to react to disappointment is to use it as a chance for growth. This isn't easy, but it's the only useful way to deal with an inevitable part of life. Helen, the woman who was not promoted, could have handled her disappointment by looking at other options. If her boss did not recognize her talent and hard work, perhaps she could transfer to another department. Or she could ask the boss how to improve her performance so that she could prepare for the next promotion. Kevin, the boy who didn't get into the college of his choice, should look into other schools. Going to another college may encourage him to be his own person, step out of his brother's shadow, and realize that being turned down by one college isn't a final judgment on his abilities or potential.\nDisappointments are unwelcome, but regular visitors to everyone's life. We can feel depressed about them or we can try to escape from them. The best thing, though, is to accept a disappointment and then try to use it somehow: Step over the unwelcome visitor on the doorstep and get on with life.", "id": "high7186.txt"}