{"answers": ["D", "A", "C"], "options": [["The Underground Railroad.", "The history of American slavery.", "Harriet's hard life and bravery.", "Harriet's fight against slavery."], ["The Underground Railroad was a way to freedom.", "Everyone knew that there was a way to free land.", "Black people were cared about by many white people.", "Black people looked down upon white people."], ["Harriet was recognized as a heroine.", "Harriet fought against slavery in many ways.", "Harriet helped only black people in her life.", "Harriet helped black people to get better education."]], "questions": ["What does the passage mainly tell us?", "What can be inferred from the passage?", "Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?"], "article": "Harriet Tubman was an AfricanAmerican woman who fought against slavery. She was born in 1820. She helped many people escape from slavery through the Underground Railroad. It was an organized effort to help slaves from the southern states to areas that banned slavery.\nSlaves could be sold freely. Families were often separated. Harriet married a free black man named John Tubman in 1844, yet she remained a slave. In 1849, the farmer who owned her died. Then she ran to the home of a white woman who had offered to help her.\nThis woman told her how to reach another home where she could hide. Harriet Tubman went from place to place in this way. This was how the Underground Railroad operated. Finally,she went into the northern state of Pennsylvania. During the next ten years,she led an expanded Underground Railroad,and helped 300 slaves escape.\nHarriet Tubman found another way to fight against slavery during the Civil War. She went into the southern states to spy  for the North. After the Civil War,Harriet Tubman settled in New York State. She gave speeches to raise money for better education for black Americans, worked for women's rights and sought help for older adults who had been slaves.\nHarriet Tubman died in 1913.By that time, she had been recognized as an American heroine .", "id": "high7189.txt"}