{"answers": ["B", "A", "D", "C"], "options": [["women today have developed a new role in family life", "the birthrate is declining as a result of women's pursuit   of careers", "women have always been dependent on their parents even after marriage", "children must spend all their time with their mother if they are to grow sound"], ["more and more women quit (leave) jobs to take care of their children at home", "women today tend to marry later than they did", "women have less time to raise children", "more and more families remain childless"], ["how children should be raised", "where children should be raised", "whether children should stay with their parents", "how long children should stay with their parents"], ["working women should not have children", "children should be kept in day-care centers all the time", "young children should stay with their mother as long as possible", "women should leave their work to look after their children at home"]], "questions": ["It can be concluded from the passage that  _  .", "The change in women's attitude towards marriage results in all of the following EXCEPT   _  .", "People have different opinions over the question as to  _  .", "The author suggests that  _  ."], "article": "It would be pleasant to believe that all young girls in the past got married for romantic reasons; but the fact is that many of them regarded marriage as their only chance to gain independence from their parents, to have a provider, or to be assured of a good place in society. A couple of generations ago, an old maid of twenty-five did not have much to look forward to, she was more or less fated to remain with her parents or to live in some relative's home where she would help with the chores and the children. Not so any more. In the first place, women remain young much longer than they used to, and an unmarried woman of twenty-eight or thirty does not feel that her life is over. Besides, since she is probably working and supporting herself, she is free to marry only when and if she chooses. As a result, today's women tend  to marry later in life. They have fewer children-or none at all--if they prefer to devote themselves to their profession. The result is a decline in the birthrate.\nThe new role that women have developed for themselves has changed family life. Children are raised differently; they spend more time with adults who are not their parents: baby sitters, day-care center personnel, relatives, or neighbors. Whether they gain or lose in the process is a hotly debated question. Some child experts believe that young children must spend all their time with their mother if they are to grow sound in body and mind. Others think that children get more from a mother who spends with them \"quality time\" (a time of fun and relaxation set aside for them) rather than hours of forced and unhappy baby sitting. And many child psychologists point out that children kept in day-care centers every day are brighter than those raised at home. No matter what it is, one thing about child-raising to be certain of is that the longer the child is with the mother, the better.", "id": "high7212.txt"}