{"answers": ["D", "A", "B"], "options": [["Cold and sick", "Fortunate and helpful", "Satisfied and cheerful", "Disappointed and helpless"], ["lost her wallet unknowingly", "was stopped by a garbage truck driver", "was robbed of her wallet by an armed man", "found some homeless people following her"], ["would stop working at night", "would stay on in San Francisco", "would make friends with cleaners", "would give up her job at the bank."]], "questions": ["How did the write feel when she was walking home after work?", "On her way home the writer   _  .", "From the text, we can infer that the writer   _  ."], "article": "That cold January night, I was growing sick of my life in San Francisco. There I was, walking home at one in the morning after a tiring practice at the theatre. With opening night only a week ago, I was still learning my lines. I was having trouble dealing with my part-time job at the bank and my acting at night at the same time. As I walked, I thought seriously about giving up both acting and San Francisco. City life had become too much for me.\nAs I walked down empty streets under tall buildings, I felt very small and cold. I began running, both to keep warm and to keep away from any possible robbers  . Very few people were still out except a few sad-looking homeless people under blankets.\nAbout a block from my apartment  , I heard a sound behind me. I turned quickly, half expecting to see someone with a knife or a gun. The street was empty. All I saw was a shining streetlight. Still, the noise had made me nervous, so I started to run faster. Not until I reached my apartment building and unlocked the door did I realize what the noise had been. It had been my wallet falling to the sidewalk.\nSuddenly I wasn't cold or tired anymore. I ran out of the door and back to where I'd heard the noise. Although I searched the sidewalk anxiously for fifteen minutes, my wallet was nowhere to be found.\nJust as I was about to give up the search, I heard the garbage truck   pull up to the sidewalk next to me. When a voice called from the inside, \" Alisa Camacho?\" I thought I was dreaming. How could this man know my name? the door opened, and out jumped a small red-haired man with an amused look in his eye. \"Is this what you're looking for?\" he asked, holding up a small square shape.\nIt was nearly 3 A.M. by the time I got into bed. I wouldn't get much sleep that night, but I had gotten my wallet back. I also had gotten back some enjoyment of city life. I realized that the city couldn't be a bad place as long as people were wiling to help each other.", "id": "high722.txt"}