{"answers": ["B", "D", "A", "A"], "options": [["A victim parent.", "The US president.", "A US police officer.", "The Connecticut governor."], ["Two.", "Three.", "Four.", "Five."], ["The survivors may also suffer from the shooting tragedy.", "Nothing has been done to prevent gun shooting in America.", "The victims of this gun shooting are all kids aged from 5 to 10.", "Gun shooting is more likely to happen in American school campus."], ["to help those in need", "to protect themselves", "to investigate the crime", "to trust the US government"]], "questions": ["Who is the speaker likely to be?", "How many gun shootings has the speaker mentioned?", "What can we learn from this passage?", "The speaker wants the audience   _  ."], "article": "This afternoon, I spoke with Governor Daniel Malloy and FBI Director Mueller. I offered Governor Malloy my condolences  on behalf of the nation, and made it clear he will have every single resource that he needs to investigate this horrible crime, care for the victims and their families.\nThe majority of those who died today were children--beautiful little kids between the ages of 5 and 10 years old. They had their entire lives ahead of them--birthdays, graduations, weddings, kids of their own. Among the fallen were also teachers--men and women who devoted their lives to helping our children fulfill their dreams.\nSo our hearts are broken today--for the parents and grandparents, sisters and brothers of these little children, and for the families of the adults who were lost. Our hearts are broken for the parents of the survivors as well, for as blessed as they are to have their children home tonight, they know that their children's innocence has been torn away from them too early, and there are no words that will ease their pain.\nAs a country, we have been through this too many times. Whether it's an elementary school in Newtown, or a shopping mall in Oregon, or a temple in Wisconsin, or a movie theater in Aurora, or a street corner in Chicago--these neighborhoods are our neighborhoods, and these children are our children. And we're going to have to come together and take meaningful action to prevent more tragedies like this, regardless of the politics.\nThis evening, Michelle and I will do what I know every parent in America will do, which is hug our children a little tighter and we'll tell them that we love them, and we'll remind each other how deeply we love one another. But there are families in Connecticut who cannot do that tonight. And they need all of us right now. In the hard days to come, that community needs us to be at our best as Americans. And I will do everything in my power to help.\nBecause while nothing can fill the space of a lost child or loved one, all of us can extend a hand to those in need--to remind them that we are there for them, that we are praying for them, that the love they felt for those they lost endures not just in their memories but also in ours.", "id": "high7227.txt"}