{"answers": ["D", "C", "B"], "options": [["think of a stranger", "use the five senses together", "recall things from our memory", "sense a close friend in danger"], ["can tell who knocks at your door", "can feel your mom is in danger", "receive a friend's call as you wish", "dream of a friend dreaming of you"], ["Help them have a strong desire to communicate.", "Separate them all the time.", "Help them link up their unconscious minds.", "Let them spend much time together."]], "questions": ["Telepathy turns up when we   _  .", "You're better at sending than receiving Telepathy if you   _  .", "Which is not the way to help people gain Telepathy?"], "article": "Telepathy: Mind-to-mind Contact\nTelepathy is the ability to communicate without the use of the five senses (sight, hearing, touch, smell, taste). It's an instinct   which can be woken up in times of emergency or need. When we feel that something is happening or about to happen by instinct, we're using resources within the unconscious mind. When the resources of two persons' unconscious minds link together into the same frequency, we call it Telepathy.\nWe can either send or receive Telepathy. If you know who is calling before you answer the ringing phone, you are probably a good receiver. If you think of a person and he/she calls you, you are most likely to be better at sending.\nYou can easily put your abilities to the test. Think of somebody and will him or her to contact you. Be patient. The other person may not be a good receiver, but they should contact you much earlier than would normally be expected. Or whenever the phones rings, but try \"feeling\" who is contacting you. Don't guess, but try to feel it with your mind. However, if neither of these work for you, that doesn't mean that you have no ability of telepathy. As mentioned earlier, telepathy is most likely to turn up in case of emergency.\nTelepathy dreams often contain telepathic messages. Two people may both dream of the other and find that their dreams had a clear connection. These people are probably linking to each other's unconscious mind.\nTelepathy & Relationships. The more people spend time together, the more likely they are to be able to link up to the other's mind, especially when separated. There are two reasons for this. One is that they understand the other's mind through time spent together; the other is that there is usually a strong desire to communicate. A mother will often sense that her child is in danger. This is due to the child's eagerly wanting his or her mother, knowing that this person who would always want to be there for them, and the mother's deep desire to protect her child from harm.", "id": "high7229.txt"}