{"answers": ["D", "B", "A", "C"], "options": [["12 people were lost until now.", "25 people were rescued instantly.", "The rest who stayed alive killed 8 people.", "8 were killed by a fall of a large mass of snow down a mountainside."], ["The bad weather.", "Not mentioned.", "The ice crystals.", "The lightening."], ["Earhart was declared dead by the authorities two years later.", "The bodies of Flight 447 had all been found after three years.", "Two Argentineans rock climbers discovered the dead in the Andes.", "Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 was regarded as the largest air crash."], ["introduce the loss of Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370", "explain how to avoid airplane disappearances as a pilot", "tell readers mysterious airplane disappearances in Aviation History", "call on people to protect themselves"]], "questions": ["What can we learn from Uruguayan Air Force Flight 571?   _  .", "From the passage, what could have led to British South American Airways crash?   _  .", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?   _  .", "The passage has been written to   _  ."], "article": "The shocking disappearance of Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 has captured the attention of millions around the world as the search for the airplane and its passengers and crew continues. What happened to the flight's 239 passengers and crew after the plane left Kuala Lumpur on Saturday? It is becoming an increasingly desperate question as the days pass.\nBut it's hardly the first mystery of its kind. Here are some half-solved and unsolved airline mysteries that kept investigators clueless for years.\nAir France Flight 447: An Airbus A330 flight from Rio de Janeiro to Paris _ into the Atlantic Ocean in 2009, killing all 228 passengers and crew on board. But it took a full five days for search and rescue teams to find the wreck and another three years for investigators to report that ice crystals had caused the autopilot   to disconnect. The bodies of 74 passengers remain unrecovered.\nAmelia Earhart: Ace   pilot Amelia Earhart disappeared in her twin-engine monoplane Electra over the Pacific Ocean in 1937 in an attempt to circumnavigate the globe. No trace of her plane was ever found even after a multi-million dollar search effort, and Earhart was officially declared dead in 1939.\nFlying Tiger Line Flight 739: A U.S. military flight left Guam in 1962 with more 90 personnel headed for the Philippines, but it never arrived. The pilots never issued a distress call, and 1,300 people involved in the U.S. military search never found any trace of wreckage.\nBritish South American Airways: It took more than 50 years to find any trace of the 11 people aboard a 1947 flight that disappeared in the Andes Mountains. A pair of Argentineans rock climbers discovered engine wreckage in the Andes in 1998, and an army expedition later found human remains as well.\nUruguayan Air Force Flight 571: A flight headed to Santiago, Chile carrying 45 passengers and crew crashed into the Andes Mountains in poor weather in 1972, killing twelve people. In the meantime, eight were killed in an avalanche   that hit the plane's wreckage where they were taking shelter, and the rest stayed alive by eating the flesh of the dead before they were finally found more than two months after disappearing out of the sky.", "id": "high7231.txt"}