{"answers": ["D", "A", "B", "C"], "options": [["planted less corn", "planted morn crops", "planted morn wheat", "earned more money"], ["Agriculture exports will continue to increase.", "China will be the largest buyer of agriculture products", "America will export food to every country around the world", "Southeast Asian countries will start buying food from America"], ["reduced crop exports", "increased corn production", "increased wheat production", "increased investment in farming"], ["stop feeding corn to animals", "export most of their corn", "try to increased wheat production", "try to get more support from the governmet"]], "questions": ["We know that compared to 2009,in 2010 American farmers----.", "What does the Agriculture Department expect in 2011?", "We can infer that in the past few years American farmers----", "According to what Miss Hebebrand said, we know American farmers will ----"], "article": "2010 was a good year for American farmers. They earned about eighty-two billion dollars. That is almost one-third more than that they earned last year. And it is twenty-six percent higher than the ten-year average. Values for grain and oilseed crops are up about three percent from last year. The value of animal production is up by almost seven percent.\nIn 2011, farm exports are expected to break the all-time high set in 2008.The Agriculture Department says exports in 2011 could top one hundred and twenty-six billion dollars. The largest buyer of agricultural products is expected to be Canada. But farm exports to China are predicted to come within five hundred million dollars of Canadian purchases. Secretary Vilsack says countries in Southeast Asia and the Middle East are also buying more from American farmers.\nPoor growing conditions overseas played an important part in higher prices for American crops in 2010.Charlotte Hebe brand is chief executive of the International Food and Agricultural Trade Policy Council in Washington. She said drought conditions had a big effect over the summer. She said,\"There were horrible weather problems, not just in Russia but also in some of the other former Soviet Union countries.\"\nWheat prices rose after Russia stopped wheat exports,although Russia later eased the ban .\"Wheat used to be America's top crop. What's interesting,though,is that wheat production has actually become less over the past few years because corn has become the most popular crop,\"said economist Charlotte Hebebrand.\nCorn is mostly fed to animals. But Miss Hebebrand said with the recent increase in wheat prices, American farmers might plant more wheat again. Corn and wheat are the two largest crops supported by the government.", "id": "high724.txt"}