{"answers": ["B", "C", "D", "B"], "options": [["Madeline was more than willing to take Royal Jelly at the very beginning", "Royal Jelly is a product that can help renew a person's energy and vitality", "Amy has benefited from Royal Jelly so she posted a topic about the product", "Lori was grateful because Royal Jelly helped him improve his schoolwork"], ["She replied to the topic on Christmas Eve.", "She tried Royal Jelly without hesitation.", "She was the second one to reply to the topic.", "She's now supposed to be in her seventies."], ["Lori and Blanca are Madeline's grandchildren.", "Blanca is Lori and Madeline's great grandmother.", "They have no blood relationship but friendship.", "Madeline is Blanca's daughter and Lori's mother."], ["In a health club.", "On an Internet page.", "In a book review.", "In a health report."]], "questions": ["From the text, we learn that   _  .", "Which of the following is TRUE of Blanca?", "What's the relationship between the Royal Jelly takers?", "Where can we most probably read this text?"], "article": "With their weakening bodies, advanced age or increasing pressure of work or study, people have been advised and usually persuaded to have health care products. Do you remember your first time to take a nutritional supplement ? What was your first impression?\nPosted by Amy, Dec.23, 2010 8:05 P.M.\nMadeline on Dec.24, 2010 7:25 P.M.\nYears ago, as a young mom with two small children, I struggled to keep up with the demands of a busy life. One day, I woke up feeling so tired that I knew something had to change! A friend gave me some Royal Jelly--an amazing substance from the beehive .I was doubtful, but desperate...so I tried it! In time, I began to experience renewed energy like never before! Now, over two decades later, I travel all round the country, sharing my lifechanging experience. I'm grateful for the energy to keep up and love to share this wonderful discovery with others.\nBlanca on Dec.25, 2010 7:02 P.M.\nTen years ago, when I was 73, my mind wanted to be busy and useful, but my body didn't. I became very tired. That's when my daughter Madeline tried to persuade me to try her special Royal Jelly. It made great difference in her life, so she was sure it could help me too! Hesitating for 2 days, I gave in. She was right! I no longer felt worn out. I had a new, youthful eagerness for life and I've been OK--thanks to Royal Jelly!\nLori on Dec.25, 2010 10:27 P.M.\nWhen my mom Madeline was introduced to Royal Jelly, it affected my life, too! Mom gave me some of her fantastic Royal Jelly. Boy, things did turn around! I had more energy and _ and was finally able to keep up with high school and, eventually, college activities. Today, I'm a busy mom in my mid thirties with two active boys and a new business! I have enough energy to do it all! I'm glad I took my Mom's advice.", "id": "high7254.txt"}