{"answers": ["B", "A"], "options": [["a person with straight, flat teeth looks ugly", "a person with sharp teeth looks ugly", "a teenager's teeth points must be filed off with anesthetic", "no one will scream or cry when having his teeth points filed off"], ["Many people think that a woman with a ring through nose is neither attractive nor ugly.", "Most African people think that a girl with shinny skin is beautiful.", "It is thought that a beautiful woman should have straight, flat teeth on Bali.", "Some people think it beautiful that a woman has a long neck in Myanmar."]], "questions": ["On Bali, it is believed that   _  .", "Which of the following is NOT true?"], "article": "If you were walking around a supermarket and saw a woman with a shaved head, a ring through her nose, a tattoo design on her arm and she has a small child in her shopping _ , what would your opinion be? Do you think this kind of body decoration is attractive or ugly? Different people have different ideas. The following are some examples of body decoration from around the world.\nIn many parts of Africa, it is thought that an attractive girl should have really shinny skin.\nOn Bali, a little island in Indonesia, they believe that a beautiful woman or handsome man must have perfectly straight, flat teeth. The Balinese believe that teeth with pointed edges make you look like an ugly wild animal. So when a girl or boy becomes a teenager, he or she is taken to a special person in their village who will file off teeth points to make them smooth and flat. There is no anesthetic and this tooth filing is really painful. It is a kind of test. If you can stand it without screaming or crying too much, then you are thought ready to become an adult.\nIn Myanmar, there is a small group of people who are called the \"Papaung\". They believe that a woman can only be really beautiful if she has a long neck. I mean a VERY long neck. Now you might think that you are either born with a long or short neck and that there's nothing whatever you can do about it. But you would be wrong! At around the age of 5, a Papaung girl has heavy metal rings fitted around her neck, tightly between the chin and shoulders. Each year more rings are added and very, very slowly their weight pushes the shoulders down, in this way making the neck look longer. A Papaung woman will wear her neck rings all her life, never once taking them off.\nSo now I'm sure you will all agree that different people have different ideas about what is beautiful.", "id": "high7274.txt"}