{"answers": ["B", "A", "C", "D", "B"], "options": [["8th July, 2008", "2nd June, 2008", "17th July, 2008", "13th July, 2008"], ["do a lot of reading in Greek and Latin", "learn the grammar of Greek and Latin only", "do some translation work only", "speak Greek and Latin with experienced teachers"], ["Providing a stimulating experience for students.", "Promoting students to develop a wide range of interests.", "Teaching students languages in a lively environment.", "Improving students' level of debating in the argument."], ["Student groups consist of the same level students strictly.", "Students needn't do any work in the class.", "Students learn Greek and Latin by listening to teachers all day.", "Students are generally divided into groups of 12-15."], ["The fee is PS85, including the travel costs.", "Students needn't go to class on 12th and 13th July.", "People should fill in two application forms.", "People can contact the school by phone or email."]], "questions": ["To join in the school, you have to apply before   _  .", "As a student of the school, you are probably asked to   _  .", "What is the London Summer School in Classics most concerned about?", "Which is one of the teaching ways of the school?", "Which of the following can we know from the passage?"], "article": "London Summer School in Classics\nDates\nThe London Summer School in Classics 2008 will be held at King's College London. It will run from 8th July until 17th July. Applications close on 2nd June, 2008.\nFor an application form, please download either the 2-page PDF or the word format document from the foot of the page.\nIf you have any problems downloading the application form or any questions, please contact: London Summer School in Classics, King's College London.\nTel: 020 7848 2299\nFax: 020 7848 2545\nOrganization\nThe school is organized by the colleges of the University of London. The summer school offers eight days of intensive teaching in Greek and Latin. There are four language classes each day as well as lectures and a debate, between 10:30 am and 4:30 pm. The course is not residential  , and there is no teaching during the weekend of 12th to 13th July.\nThe fee is PS85.00. Travel grants   are available as a contribution to your travel costs, but may not cover all your expenses. The travel grants are arranged during the summer school.\nTeaching is generally in groups of 12-15 people and it, as far as possible, comprises   of students of roughly the same level of experience. The style of teaching is friendly, but demanding: a lot of work is expected from students during the school, but they usually find the whole experience both stimulating and valuable. Some classes concentrate chiefly on reading, while others offer a mixture of grammar and translation practice. Our tutors include some of the most experienced and talented teachers of Classics in the London area and beyond.\nThe Summer School in Classics caters for a wide range of interests and for both school & university students as well as those who wish to learn Greek or Latin, or to revive their knowledge of the languages. Our principal concern is to provide a thorough program of language learning in a lively university environment.", "id": "high7290.txt"}