{"answers": ["C", "A", "C"], "options": [["educate young people on responsibility", "invite young people to meet each other", "encourage young people to serve others", "celebrate the growth of young people"], ["do some cleaning in public places", "prepare food for hungry people", "plant vegetables and fruit", "help old people to learn"], ["warn young people not to affect their schooling during volunteering", "keep a record of how young people celebrate their festival", "introduce an event -- National Youth Service Day", "advise young people to be cooperative when volunteering"]], "questions": ["The aim of National Youth Service Day is to   _  .", "On National Youth Service Day, young volunteers will   _  .", "The purpose of writing this passage is to   _  ."], "article": "One event that helps educate young people about things they can do for others is National Youth Service Day (NYSD). Every year on this day, organizations all over the country celebrate young volunteers, educate young people about how they can help their country, and invite them to participate in service projects. Former Secretary of State Colin Powell said, \"National Youth Service Day honors young volunteers and is an invitation to others to join hands and do our part as Americans.\"\nFounded in 1988, NYSD originally took place on a Tuesday. Now the event lasts from Friday until Sunday so that more people can participate in it. More than 200 organizations work together to create thousands of projects each year. Millions of young people across the United States take part in these service projects.\nLong before the event, people, community groups, schools, and nonprofit organizations think of ways to meet their communities' needs. Then, they plan projects for young volunteers. Projects include bringing food to hungry people, tutoring younger children and helping senior citizens. During the event, young people from the community do things like planting neighborhood gardens and cleaning up local parks.\nThe organizations that contribute to NYSD believe that volunteering and community service are important activities for people of all ages, but especially for young people. Young people who volunteer are more likely to do well in school, vote, and contribute to charities. More important, they help other people and make the world a better place for everyone.", "id": "high7291.txt"}