{"answers": ["B", "B"], "options": [["an illness", "the Civil War", "her trip to England", "her grandmother's death"], ["In space order.", "In time order.", "In alphabetical   order.", "From greatest to least important."]], "questions": ["The author implies Dorothea Dix's work with the insane was interrupted because of   _  .", "How are the events of Dorothea Dix's life presented in the passage?"], "article": "Dorothea Dix left home at an early age--of her own free will--to live with her grandmother.\nAt fourteen, Dorothea was teaching school at Worcester, Massachusetts. A short time after she had begun teaching, she set up a school for young girls in her grandparents' home. Stress was placed on moral character at Dorothea's school, which she conducted until she was thirty-three.\nShe was forced to give up teaching at her grandparents' home, however, when she became ill a few years of inactivity followed.\nIn 1841 Dorothea began to teach again, accepting a Sunday school class in the East Cambridge, Massachusetts prison. Here she first came upon insane people   locked up together with prisoners.\nIn those days insane people were treated even worse than prisoners. There were only a few madhouses in the entire country. Therefore prisons, poor houses, and houses of correction were used to keep the insane.\nDorothea Dix made a careful investigation of the inhuman treatment of the insane. It was considered unfeminine   for a woman to devote herself to such work at this time. But this did not stop Dorothea Dix from providing proper medical care for the insane.\nGradually, because of her investigations, conditions were improved. More than thirty mental institutions were founded or rebuilt in the United States because of her hard work. Dorothea also spread her investigations to England and to other parts of Europe.\nDuring the Civil War, Dorothea served as superintendent   of women hospital nurses in the Union army. When the war was over, she returned to her work of improving conditions for insane people.", "id": "high7301.txt"}