{"answers": ["D", "C", "A"], "options": [["A mobile phone", "A radio", "An e-bike", "A table"], ["The U.S. has strict national laws for dealing with e-waste.", "Third world countries import e-waste to get valuable parts, which is a safe and easy way to \nmake money.", "The way uneducated workers deal with old computers does great harm to the environment as well as to their own health.", "More and more electronic waste is being wasted and thrown away mainly because of\npeople's bad habits."], ["To attract more people's attention to e-waste.", "To call on people not to throw away e-waste anywhere.", "To tell people what e-waste is and how to deal with it well.", "To warn people to break away from the electronic industry."]], "questions": ["Which of the following is most likely not to be a form of e-waste?", "What of the following statements is true according to the passage?", "What is the purpose of writing the passage?"], "article": "Electronic waste, or e-waste, refers to electronic products that are no longer usable. This can include TVs, cell phones and computers and other office electronics, electronic toys and videos machines. Today, the average turnover rate for a computer in the United States is every two years, according to the environmental group, Greenpeace.\nThe group's Dai Yun says e-waste is a global problem. \"The electronic industry is one of the fastest growing industries in the world. The high speed of growth in this industry means more and more electronic products are being wasted and thrown away. If no one decides to retrieve the old products and process them properly, the electronic waste will sweep over the earth like the huge wave behind me and pollute the Earth seriously.\"\nGreenpeace works out that 20 to 50 million tons of e-waste are produced globally each year. The components in many electronic products contain harmful chemicals that pollute ground water and the environment.\nAt present , the U.S. has no federal law for the disposal   of e-waste although a few states have e-waste recycling programs in place, but there is no law. The U.S. exports much of its e-waste to third world countries, such as India and China, where workers took apart computers for valuable parts, hoping to sell them for money. But harmful wastes expert, Dr. Bakul Rao, says that's a dangerous practice. \"From now on, the recyclers are not very educated. All they know is they can retrieve copper or gold out of it. So, the easiest way to do that is leach   it out in an acid or burn it off to retrieve it. So, that's where they don't know how to deal with it, neither do they have any health systems in place. So, their exposure is more.\"", "id": "high7302.txt"}