{"answers": ["A"], "options": [["Education Report", "In the News", "Development Report", "Science Report"]], "questions": ["This passage may be adapted from a column entitled   _  ."], "article": "Cyber Cafe computer centers are found in many cities around the world. Now, a few American high schools are opening these centers. For example, high school in the state of Maryland began operating a Cyber Cafe last March. All students at Bethesde-Chevy Chase High School in Bethesda can use the Cyber Cafe. But school officials say I especially helps students who have no computer or cannot use the Internet at home.\nThe officials say thirteen percent of the students at the school are from poor families. Many student have arrived in the United States from poor families. Many students have arrived in the United States from other countries only recently. Students in the school's program for learning English speak twenty-three other languages.\nThe idea for a Cyber Cafe at Bethesda-Chevy Chase High School began three years ago. A that time, officials were planning o restore the school building. Parents interested in technology proposed a Cyber Cafe.\nThey wanted this center even though schools in the area had suffered budget cuts. The community wanted to help. It wanted all students to have the best chances to learn.\nOfficials in the area supported the idea. So did an organization called the Bethesda-Chevy Chase High School Educational Foundation. The foundation includes parents, teachers, former students, and business, community and other leaders.\nOver two years, the foundation collected money for a Cyber Cafe and other new computers. It received more than one hundred seventy thousand dollars. The Cafe now has sixteen computer, a printer and a device called a scanner . School official Ann Hengerer (HEN-grr-er) says students use the Internet to complete research. They also write homework and required papers on the computers. In addition, they can send and receive electronic mails. That is especially helpful for the many students who have family members in other nations.\nThe Cyber Cafe also serves a social purpose. Visitors can stop by for a drink of coffee, tee or hot chocolate. On Long Island, in School has six computers in is Cyber Cafe. One student at the school says students can start their homework even before they leave school.", "id": "high7307.txt"}