{"answers": ["D", "B", "A", "A"], "options": [["they have different views and beliefs", "Prince Paris from Troy wanted to control Greek", "they were war-like countries", "the Greek warriors fought against Troy for their queen stolen away"], ["The battle outside Troy lasted for ten years.", "It was Ulysses that thought up the idea for a plan to end the war", "The Trojans fell into a trap set by Ulysses and all of his men", "The Greek warriors saved Queen Helen and head home successfully"], ["Keep a clear brain or you'll be cheated by something pretending", "Failure is a common thing in the war", "strategy  is not an important factor in the war.", "Victory cannot be gained by cheat and pretence."], ["The Trojan Horse", "A Smart Plan", "The Trojan War", "Rescuing Queen Helen"]], "questions": ["Greece and the people of Troy were at war because  _  .", "Which of the following statements is WRONG according to the passage?", "What can we learn from the story?", "Which of the followings can serve as the best title for the passage?"], "article": "There was a huge battle between the warriors of Greece and the people of Troy. Prince Paris from Troy had stolen away the Greek queen; Helen. The Greek warriors set sail for Troy to fight for their queen.\nThe battle outside Troy lasted for ten years. The men were fed up and wanted to return to their homes. Athene, goddess of war gave Ulysses the idea for a plan to end the war. They built a big wooden horse which they put in the middle of their encampment . Next they pretended to give up their camp. In reality many soldiers hid inside the wooden horse.\nOnce they thought the camp had been abandoned the Trojans went out to check. They needed to know if the war was really over. They walked through the abandoned encampment and eventually found the wooden horse. They could not decide what it was. Some wanted to take it  into the city, others thought that it was a gift to Zeus and feared touching or moving it in case they upset Zeus.\nSome Trojans decided to take it back into the city. They called a large group of troops, attached ropes and pulled it into the city.\nA huge celebration started. The city was free from war for the first time in nine years. Everybody feasted, drank and danced until eventually the merriment was over and they all went to sleep.\nThis was the moment that the wooden horse opened a big flap hidden underneath. Out crept Ulysses and all of his men. They killed the sleeping troops, rescued Queen Helen, met up with the rest of their army and set sail for home.\nThe story of the return journey is told in The Odyssey, a collection of poems piecing together the bits of the story from the many different places where the story took place.", "id": "high7311.txt"}