{"answers": ["C", "B", "C", "D"], "options": [["In the classroom.", "On the playground.", "In the wilderness.", "In canoes and rafts."], ["Special courses for business executives last five to ten days longer", "All of the students have to live outdoors", "The students of Outward Bound are composed of both sexes over 16.5 years", "More and more businessmen like the Outward Bound course"], ["Around 6,000 people attend the course each year.", "About 2,000 women attend the course each year.", "About 2,000 women overcome the challenges each year.", "Approximately 2,000 people overcome the challenges each year."], ["take anything they think necessary with them", "take the equipment they found useful", "are provided with everything to make them comfortable", "are provided with only a few articles which are absolutely necessary"]], "questions": ["Where are Outward Bound courses given?", "All of the following are true EXCEPT   _  .", "Which of the following is TRUE?", "When students are sent out alone for the last three days in the course, they_."], "article": "The standard Outward Bound course lasts for three or four weeks. During that time the students live in the wilderness and go through many physical activities of ever increasing difficulty.\nThe first few days are given to physical conditioning and to the teaching of basic skills such as first aid, map and compass reading, rope climbing, and other similar activities.\nDuring the second part of the course students learn how to climb rocks and cliffs, how to use canoes and rafts in swift water, and in some schools how to sail, ski, climb mountains, and make long-distance hikes.\nThe first two parts of the course are done in groups. Members work together and help each other to overcome the increasing number of challenges. In the third part of the course, students are sent out alone for three days to survive in the wilderness with only a few necessities.\nWho are the students of Outward Bound? They are both young people and adults, men and women. The minimum age is 16.5 years. There is no maximum age. About one-third of the 6,000 persons completing the course each year are women. Businessmen, housewives, university students, professors, doctors, and lawyers are among those taking part in the course.\nIn recent years special courses for the busy business managers have gained in popularity. These courses last from five to ten days rather than the usual three to four weeks of the normal course.\nNot all students complete the Outward Bound course. In some cases the individual cannot meet the physical challenges. In its own words Outward Bound literature says: \"Make no mistake, Outward Bound is not for everybody. The courses aren't easy and are not meant to be.\"\nMost students who finish the course share a common experience. They are surprised at themselves that they finish the course and they feel great pride in doing the impossible! The Outward Bound experience makes them feel that they are better than they know!", "id": "high7324.txt"}