{"answers": ["D", "C", "C", "A"], "options": [["admitting your shortcomings", "self criticism", "modesty", "confidence"], ["you should find the reason in yourself", "you'd better talk with the person face to face", "you may not be the one to be blamed", "you and that person misunderstand each other"], ["It is important to lose weight.", "It is easier for a wealthy person to make friends.", "Inner qualities are more important than physical appearance.", "If you are not beautiful enough, try to improve your physical beauty."], ["How to find your good qualities.", "How to make friends.", "How to make self criticism.", "How to keep fit."]], "questions": ["According to the passage,  _  plays an important role in making friends.", "If you are not liked by a person,  _  .", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the author?", "What do you think the author is most likely to suggest if he continues to write?"], "article": "Many of us mistakenly believe that it's wrong to think we have any good qualities. We may spend a lot of time blaming ourselves for our negative qualities, thinking that self criticism is the key to improving our performance. However, a constant focus on our supposed shortcomings can stop our efforts to make friends with other people. How can we believe that others could like us if we believe our inner being is flawed?\nIf someone seems to dislike you, the reason for that dislike might have little or nothing to do with you. The person who doesn't like you might be fearful, or shallow or busy or shy. Perhaps you and that person are simply a mismatch for each other at this particular time.\nDon't take yourself out of the game by deciding that your flaws are bigger than your good qualities. In fact, some of the very qualities you consider to be flaws may be irresistible to someone else. Although some factors that might cause one person to reject you, there are at least many factors that will work in your favor.\nYou might be thirty pounds over your ideal weight, but you may have a wonderful laugh and a real enthusiasm for life. There are many people who don't mind your extra pounds. You may drive a shabby car, but you might be a great dancer and a loyal friend. There are people out there  looking for loyalty, or fun, or sweetness, or wisdom, and the package it comes in is not important. If you are worried that you are not beautiful enough to attract friends, keep in mind that not everyone is looking for physical beauty in their friends. You can decide to feel inferior because you don't have much money and you don't drive a nice car. You can believe that this is the reason\nthat you don't have many friends in your life. On the other hand, if you are very wealthy you may be suspicious that everyone is after your money and that nobody really likes you as a person.\nThe point is that you can focus on just about anything and believe it's the reason you do not have friends and cannot make any.", "id": "high7336.txt"}