{"answers": ["C", "B", "A", "C"], "options": [["they defend their rights of mining the coral reefs too eagerly", "they wake up too late to realize the terrible situation", "they use the fishing ways, which destroy the coral reefs", "they pretend to follow the government's rules"], ["presents us some facts and people's opinions as well", "shows that he's worried about the situation, but still feels a little hopeful", "says he's delighted and meanwhile, depressed", "disagrees with what's being done and gives suggestions"], ["But for the fishermen's protection, the reefs would disappear soon.", "More and more fishermen have realized their mistakes.", "Without the coral reefs, the fishermen would have nothing for their livelihood.", "Some practical measures have been taken to stop the situation worsening."], ["a magazine", "a novel", "a newspaper", "a storybook"]], "questions": ["The fishermen are named \"worst offenders\" because_.", "In the text the author_.", "Which of the following is NOT TRUE according to the text?", "This passage may be taken from  _  ."], "article": "Indonesia's coral reefs  are in trouble. Coral mining, Industrial pollution and poisonous agricultural runoff all play a role in their destruction, but the fishermen have been the worst offenders. They not only bomb fish but also poison them with cyanide, an equally destructive practice. The fishermen are also among the biggest potential victims . Two thirds of Indonesia's 7, 000 coastal villages are close to coral reefs and thus depend for their livelihood on the harvest of reef fish. The disappearing reefs are already leading to a dramatic decline in the productivity of coastal fisheries and to increasing fights among fishermen.\nIndonesia's reefs are vast - they cover 51, 000 square kilometers, surround 17, 500 islands and stretch 3,500 kilometers - but they are not infinite. Many foreign experts and Indonesians fear that the region's entire marine environment could be seriously damaged if the reefs keep dying at their present rate. \"The overall picture is depressing,\" says Ian Dutton, Indonesian director of an environmental group.\nDepressing, but not hopeless. Despite the destruction, environmentalists have in recent years made significant progress in changing the hearts and minds of the fishermen. Working closely with local Indonesian authorities in North Sulawesi and less populated eastern Indonesia, where most of the country's reefs are located, they have succeeded in preventing destructive fishing practices and coral mining from overwhelming the reefs.\nIncreasing numbers of fishermen are waking up to the threat and protecting the life-sustaining coral before it's too late. Nuhung, a 56-year-old fisherman, says, \"I always knew blast fishing was harmful. Then I suddenly realized that by bombing the reefs I was destroying not only my own but my children's future.\"", "id": "high7341.txt"}