{"answers": ["C", "D", "A", "A"], "options": [["The teachers did lots of writing on the board", "The teacher were invited to attend several lectures.", "The student were professors from a university", "The students were studying science and humanities."], ["how to teach the students in the science class", "whether poetry is difficult for science students", "what to be taught in the humanities class", "why many humanities students find science hard."], ["important for graduate students in humanities", "difficult for graduate students in humanities", "common for undergraduate students in science", "easy for undergraduate students in science."], ["They should change the way they teach", "A poem could be explained in clear definitions.", "A poetry class could be more informative.", "Their teaching was an enjoyable experience."]], "questions": ["What do we know about this unusual class?", "The experiment was designed to find out  _", "Finding levels of meaning is  _  .", "What did the science professors learn after the experiment?"], "article": "This was no ordinary class. The students who came together were all science or engineering professors at Cornell University. They had interrupted their research to accept an invitation to take part in an unusual experiment: \"an interesting week of poetry.\" This class was part of a study to answer the questions: Why is science difficult for many nonscience students? What can teachers learn about teaching if they take a class that is not in their field?\nThe students in the poetry class listened to lectures and took notes. They had reading tasks and had to write three short papers. All students noticed one thing - the importance of spoken words. In science and engineering classes, the instructors put tables and drawings on the blackboard. But in this poetry class, the instructors just talked. They didn't write anything on the board.\nThe scientists and engineers noticed one similarity between science and poetry. In both subjects, students need to find layers   of meaning . Some layers are simple, clean, and on the surface; other layers are deeper and more difficult. This search for different levels of meaning doesn't happen much in undergraduate  science classes, but it is important later, in graduate school. And it is always important in humanities .\nBoth the poetry instructors and their students learned something about teaching from this experience. One poetry instructor, for example, now sees the importance of using informative as he teaches. Most of the scientists agreed on several points. First, humanities classes might help science students to see patterns and decide which information is important. Second, the poetry class was fun. One engineer decided, \"We need to change the way we teach engineering to make to make it an enjoyable experience for students.\"\nBut perhaps the most important result of the experience was this; All of the professors began to think about how they teach and how they cam teach better.", "id": "high7349.txt"}