{"answers": ["C", "D", "B"], "options": [["It is crowed with a lot of visitors.", "Visitors are pushing you for a better view.", "You are the only person in it.", "You can see some ancient treasures in it."], ["Visitors can see whatever they want.", "Visitor can ask and talk to historical figures.", "Visitors can get to know the cultural heritage by playing games.", "Visitors can walk around the Forbidden City with your family."], ["the visible pictures in the place", "the interaction and game playing", "the online environment presented in English", "the platform without the boundaries of time and space"]], "questions": ["If you visit the Forbidden City now, which of the following won't be the case you'll have?", "Which of the following is not the advantage of the virtual tour of the Forbidden City?", "What attracts teenagers most to the virtual tour is   _  ."], "article": "Imagine being the only person in the Forbidden City. You could stay there all day without swarms of people crowding around. You'd be able to look at the ancient treasures without worrying about other visitors pushing you for a better view. Well, in two years time you'll be able to have such an experience, just like the former emperors used to. The only difference is that your Forbidden City fun will be online.\nThanks to new technology, a virtual tour of the Forbidden City will be available online by 2008. The project - jointly driven by the Palace Museum and computer company IBM - aims to help teenagers around the world become more interested in Chinese culture. The project will offer an interactive, three-dimensional view of the palace. The virtual tour will provide images from all over the 780,000-square-metre palace.\n\"The Palace Museum is a big book; there are always places you haven't read about,\" said Hu Chui from the museum. There are many rooms closed for protection. But the virtual platform breaks the boundaries of time and space, meaning visitors can see whatever they want. \"The interaction and games content in the virtual tour will attract more young people to understand and love our cultural heritage,\" added Hu.\nIn the virtual tour, historical figures will actually talk to visitors and answer their questions. The stories behind the buildings and treasures will also be told. \"The online environment, presented in both Chinese and English, enables visitors to experience the culture and stories of the museum,\" said James Yeh, an IBM official.", "id": "high7352.txt"}