{"answers": ["B", "D", "B", "C"], "options": [["shot into a bush", "lay motionless but got ready to meet danger", "drew itself up to strike", "took no notice of his presence"], ["it stood in his way", "it attempted to take his life", "it presented a disgusting sight", "its presence was a danger to the people and animals at the farm"], ["It attacked man without any reason.", "It would not attack unless it was attacked.", "It ran away at the sight of man.", "It exposed itself to danger."], ["regretted having killed the snake", "was glad that he had killed the snake", "felt a little sorry for the snake", "could not help thinking about the dead snake"]], "questions": ["At the sight of the author, the rattlesnake_.", "The author had to kill the rattlesnake because_.", "Which of the following best describes the rattlesnake?", "It is implied at the end of the passage that the author  _  ."], "article": "After sunset on our last day at the farm I walked out into the desert. In this, the first pleasant moment for a walk after long hot hours, I thought I was the only thing out of doors. Suddenly I stopped. Before me a rattlesnake lay fixed, its head not yet drawn back to strike but only turned a little to watch what I would do. Many snakes will run away at the sight of a man but this rattlesnake felt no necessity to get out of any-body's way. He held his ground in calm watch-fullness waiting for me to show my intentions. My first aim was to take no notice of him; I had never killed an animal if I was not forced to kill. But I remembered that there were children, dogs and horses at the farm as well as men and women with thin clothes on; my duty was to kill the snake. I went back to the farm and returned with a stick. The rattlesnake had not moved; he lay like a wire but more quickly than I could stride he shot into a bush and set up his rattling, warning me by this that I had made an unreasonable attack and attempted to take his life and that if I insisted he would have no choice but to take mine if he could. For a moment I listened to this terrifying sound and then I struck into the bush with my stick and, chop-ping about, dragged him out of the bush with his back broken.\nHe struck once more at the stick but a moment later his neck was broken and he was soon dead although  when I picked him up by the tail his mouth opened, proving that a dead snake may still bite. There was blood in his mouth and poison was dropping; it was not only a dis-gusting  sight but a pitiful one too. I dropped the body into a green bush and, as I did so, I saw him in my imagination, crawling over the sands as he might have done if I had let him go.", "id": "high7361.txt"}