{"answers": ["A", "B", "B"], "options": [["Narcissus was good-looking.", "Echo was a lively spirit", "Narcissus loved her, too.", "Echo took pity on Narcissus"], ["Aphrodite envied Echo because she loved Narcissus", "She thought Narcissus didn't respect and made Echo sad.", "Narcissus fell in love with the vision, not Echo.", "Echo was trapped in love and didn't protect trees in the forest any longer."], ["To tell people a sad love story", "To tell people how Narcissus flowers came", "To tell the true meaning of beauty and ugliness", "To tell people not affect others' love"]], "questions": ["Echo fell in love with Narcissus because  _  .", "Why did Aphrodite, the goddess of love, punish Narcissus?", "What is the main purpose of writing the passage?"], "article": "Narcissus was a beautiful looking boy. He had long, flowing, blond hair, beautiful, bright, blue eyes and even, white teeth. Many young ladies fell in love with him including the nymph : Echo.\nNymphs were lively spirits who lived near streams and lakes and protected trees in the forest. Echo had upset the Queen of the Gods; Hera. As a punishment Hera made Echo unable to speak except to repeat the last three words of the person she was talking to.\nPoor Echo fell in love with Narcissus but could never tell him how she felt. Narcissus teased her and she ran away with tears pouring down her face. Aphrodite, the goddess of love saw what happened and decided to punish Narcissus. As he came to a pool of water Narcissus saw his reflection  and fell in love with the vision he saw. It was of course his own reflection.\nPoor Narcissus watched his own reflection, every time he tried to touch the face of the vision he loved it broke up on the shimmering surface of the water. Narcissus stopped eating, lost his beautiful looks and desired to get his love. In the end he anguished gradually and died.\nAphrodite took pity on him and made a flower grow in his place on the bank of the lake. Narcissus flowers   can be found to this day growing wherever you can find water and trees.", "id": "high7362.txt"}