{"answers": ["B", "A", "D"], "options": [["A charity concert to help tsunami victims.", "The efforts of the American Red Cross at Yale to help tsunami victims.", "The worldwide efforts to help tsunami victims.", "What the Americans do to help tsunami victims."], ["ask them to offer help", "inform them the latest news", "ask them to join in the concert", "ask them to work for the Red Cross"], ["Students were taking an active part in the activity", "The American Red Cross at Yale raised money for tsunami-ravaged areas by organizing a charity concert", "Other organizations are working hard to raise funds and provide help to those who need it.", "The tsunami happened in South America."]], "questions": ["What does the writer mainly talk about in this passage?", "The author keeps in touch with Yalies to   _  .", "Which of the following is NOT right?"], "article": "The whole world is helping tsunami   victims. Students in the U.S. are also taking part. A friend of mine suggested that we organize a relief effort for the victims. We are officers of the American Red Cross at Yale (I'm the chairperson). After sending a letter to the other members of the Red Cross, I received a large number of responses from students interested in helping.\nWe decided to organize a charity concert to raise money for tsunami-ravaged areas. All ticket earnings will go directly to our parent organization, the American Red Cross. Currently, we're in the process of inviting Yale's numerous song, dance, and chamber music groups to perform at the concert.\nSo far, we've had a great response from these groups and volunteers have continued to pour in with their ideas and feedback. When I checked my inbox this morning, I had 56 tsunami fundraiser-related emails waiting for me. Although, everyone is still on winter vacation and away from school, we have the Internet to link up Yalies from around the globe. We share ideas not on the latest video games, but on how best to provide help.\nThe Red Cross at Yale is not alone in its aid effort. Student organizations across campus are working hard to raise funds and provide help to those who need it.\nYale's South Asian Society (SAS) and the Asian American Students Alliance (AASA), which is an umbrella  organization for many other groups including the Sri Lankan Students Association, are organizing charity dinners.\nThe food will be donated by restaurants from around campus. Every last penny of the earnings will be donated to a non-profit organization providing aid to South Asia.\nAfter some discussion with the SAS and AASA, our groups have decided to plan our two events together. Students can attend the benefit dinner then go to the charity concert. There is no doubt in my mind that both events will have a fantastic turnout.", "id": "high7366.txt"}