{"answers": ["A", "B", "D", "A"], "options": [["Water cycle.", "Water vapour.", "How rain forms.", "Water, vapour, rain."], ["Two.", "Three.", "Four.", "Five."], ["how much water is evaporated", "how good your eyes are", "in which way water is evaporated", "climate or weather"], ["there is more water vapour in the air in the tropics than in cold polar regions", "there is more water vapour in the air in cold polar region than in the tropics", "it gets more rain in the tropics than in cold polar regions because there is less vapour", "the amount of water vapour in the air depends on how often it rains"]], "questions": ["What is the main idea of the passage?", "How many ways of the water returning to the air are discussed in the text?", "Whether water vapour can be seen or not depends on   _  .", "From the passage we get to know   _  ."], "article": "Weather changes when the temperature and the amount of water in the atmosphere change. We can see and feel water coming from the atmosphere when we have rain. But the water must somehow get back to the atmosphere. Meteorologists call this the water cycle.\nThere are many stages in the water cycle. Rain falls when water vapour in clouds condenses . Drops of water form and fall to the ground. The water soaks into the ground and feeds streams and rivers. A lot of rain falls into the sea. The heat of the sun evaporates some of the water in the ground and in the rivers, lakes, and the sea. It changes the liquid water into water vapour. The vapour rises onto the air. Water vapour is normally invisible. On a very damp or humid day, however, you can sometimes see water vapour rising from a puddle  or pond in a mist  above the water. Water vapour also gets into the air from living things. Trees and other plants take in water through their roots and give off water vapour from their leaves. People and land animals drink water and breathe out water vapour. In all these ways the water returns to the air. There it gathers to form clouds and condenses to form rain. The rain falls to earth, and the cycle starts again. It continues even if snow or hail  fall instead because both eventually melt to form water. The amount of water vapour in the air depends on the temperature. The air is more moist  in the tropics  than in the cold polar regions.", "id": "high7385.txt"}