{"answers": ["B", "D", "C"], "options": [["She is miserable and unhappy.", "She is cheerful and humorous.", "She would like to live much longer.", "She feels she is going to die very soon."], ["smoking only a little every day", "her giving up smoking and drinking", "drinking two glasses of strong red wine every day", "the good genes from her parents, a healthy diet and some exercises"], ["Because she had an agreement at 80 with the lawyer which was to her advantage.", "Because she has asked the lawyer to pay her more rent than they first agreed.", "Because the lawyer has paid her much more money than the value of the house.", "Because the house she sold to the lawyer isn't worth the money he has already paid."]], "questions": ["How does Jeanne Calment feel about her old age?", "Jeanne Calment owes her good health and long life to   _  .", "Why does Jeanne Calment say \"Sorry, I'm still alive\" to the local lawyer every year on her birthday?"], "article": "Jeanne Calment, a French woman, became a record breaker on 17 October of 1995, when at the age of 120 years and 238 days, she became the longest-lived human being on record. A Japanese man died in 1986 at the age of 120 years and 237 days.\nJeanne Calment lives in a small old people's home in the south of France; her husband, her only child and her grandson have all died. She is nearly blind and deaf and is always in a wheelchair, but her doctor describes her as being more like a 90-year-old in good health than someone of 120. She still has a lively sense of humor. When asked on her 120th birthday what she expected of the future, she replied: A very short one. She also remarked that she thought the good Lord had forgotten all about her.\nSo what is the key to a long life? According to some doctors, diet, exercise and no smoking are the three important factors. Jeanne Calment has followed two of the tips . She has always eaten a healthy diet, and she used to do exercises every day until she broke her leg at the age of 115. However, until recently she drank two glassed of strong red wine a day, and she does smoke (now only a little). Besides, Jeanne Calment might have got very good genes  from her parents. Her father lived to the age of 94 and her mother to 86.\nA local lawyer bought her house when she was 80 under an agreement that he would pay her some money every year until her death. It must have seemed a good move at the time, but so far the lawyer has paid her at least three times the value of the house. Every year on her birthday Jeanne Calment sends him a card saying:\nSorry, I'm still alive!", "id": "high7396.txt"}