{"answers": ["C", "D", "B"], "options": [["Remember your mother's age and past", "Share your roots and your childhood with your mother", "Have a sense of humor failure about your mother", "Managing your shortcoming while managing your mother"], ["It will help you have a better relationship with your mother if you respect her opinion.", "You should follow a most useful piece of advice----a sense of humor.", "The key measure of managing our mother is how we manage ourselves.", "It is unreasonable to expect our mother to change totally from the way she was brought up."], ["to give information about how we think of your mother.", "to improve the relationship with your mother.", "to keep a sense of humor about your mother all day long.", "to accept your mother---with all her failings."]], "questions": ["The followings are the steps you can take to get on with your mother EXCEPT  _  .", "Which of the following is implied but not stated in the passage?", "The main purpose of writing the text is   _  ."], "article": "TLike most big projects, learning to manage your mother well is what you should do. Here are what I believe the best steps towards a better relationship with her. They are not necessarily surprising or revolutionary, but they have worked for many people. Try them.\nRemember your mother's age. As children, we often do not think of our mother as having an age. Even when we become conscious of her as an individual, age does not change our view; she is still our mother. Knowing our mother's age, not just in numbers of years but in terms of her psychological and physical state, often helps us to understand her better.\nListen to your mother. I have found that sometimes the things my mother told me long ago are remarkably useful. If your mother knows that you respect her point of view, even if you do not share it, it will help her feel close to you.\nRemember that your mother has a past. A key step in managing our relationship with our mother is to find out about her early life. Niclle's mother suffered much during the Second War World War. \"My parents are both Jewish-Turkish. They met in France and married young for love. They were in their twenties when war broke out and because they were Jews, they had to go into hiding. She does speak to me about the war, and I think it is important to know what she went through. It is a part of her life that must have affected her deeply. \" Sometimes, in learning about our mother's past, we know that it can encourage us to think about her whole life.\nAsk your mother about your childhood history. My grandparents died when I was young. If you are fortunate enough to have living family, think of your life as _ and ask as many questions as you can to put the picture together. Understanding your roots and your childhood can help you now more clearly who you are, as part of a family which you share with your mother.\nKeep a sense of humor about your mother. When we hear about someone else's misfortunes with their mothers and are amused by them, our laughter is one of recognition. I have often listened to stories of difficult mothers and I have also listened to the following piece of advice they have found most helpful is: \"Don't have a sense of humor failure about your mother. \"\nRemember that managing your mother is really about managing yourself. Taking any measure to managing our mother is the issue of how we manage ourselves. No matter how difficult we find her, it is important to remember that is not her behavior it self that is causing us discomfort, but the way we feel about her behavior. We should follow the way of her life. At the heart of managing your mother is being able to accept your flawed self. Only then are you able to accept your mother---with all her failings.", "id": "high7415.txt"}