{"answers": ["A", "B", "D"], "options": [["Essay and multiple-choice.", "Essay and critical writing.", "Multiple-choice and math.", "Multiple-choice and literature."], ["The SAT is designed for high school seniors wishing to enter a college.", "The writer criticized the multiple-choice in the SAT.", "Good specific examples are encouraged in essay writing.", "The SAT consists of the Critical Reading, Math and the Writing sections."], ["The new SAT scoring.", "Language testing reform.", "College entrance exam reform.", "The new writing section of SAT."]], "questions": ["Which parts are included in the writing section of SAT according to the passage?", "Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage?", "Which of the following would be the best title for this passage?"], "article": "If you are a high school senior graduating and looking to enter college in 2006, you will take the new exam.\nThe biggest change to the SAT   will be the introduction of a new writing section. The writing section will consist of two parts: an essay and a multiple-choice section. Students will be given 25 minutes to respond to a prompt   and construct a well-organized essay that effectively deals with the task. The essay question may require students to complete a statement, to react to a quote, or to agree or disagree with a point of view. In any case, a good essay will support the chosen position with specific reasons and examples from literature, history, art, science, current affairs, or even a student's own experiences.\nEssays will be scored based on the procedures for the current SAT II: Writing Test. Essays will be graded by two independent readers On a scale of 1~6, and their two scores will be combined to form an essay subscore that ranges from 2 to 12. Should the readers' scores vary by more than 2 points, a third reader will score the essay; The readers will be high school teachers and college professors who teach composition. To ensure that essays will be scored in a timely manner, they will be scanned and made available to readers on the Internet for grading purpose.\nThe writing section will also include multiple-choice grammar and usage questions. Some of these questions will call upon students to improve given sentences and paragraphs. Others will present students with sentences and require them to identify mistakes in diction  , grammar, sentence construction, subject-verb agreement, proper word usage.\nThe highest possible score on the new writing section will be 800. Scores on the essay and multiple-choice section will be combined to produce a single score. A writing subscore will also be assigned. The highest possible scores on the Critical Reading and Math sections will remain 800 each, making 2,400 a perfect score on the new SAT.", "id": "high7425.txt"}