{"answers": ["A", "D", "B"], "options": [["illustrate possible reactions when pets meet a newborn baby", "show that pets don't like a newborn baby", "prove how friendly a pet is when it meets a newborn baby", "introduce how terrible the pets are when a mother gets a baby home"], ["Cats are more welcoming than dogs when they meet a newborn baby.", "You must show your baby to your pet dog when it is barking.", "You should never keep a baby together with your pet.", "The first introduction of your newborn baby to your pet is important."], ["introducing your baby to your pet with care", "leaving your baby alone with your pet at the first day when they meet", "setting up baby gates to limit your baby", "keeping your pet away from your baby"]], "questions": ["At the beginning of the passage, the author uses the stories to  _  .", "What can we infer from the passage?", "According to the passage, to keep your baby safe, you should do the following things EXCEPT  _  ."], "article": "When your pet meets your infant ,it might not be love at first sniff. When Jennifer brought her baby home from the hospital, her cherished dogs had very different reactions. Her Boxer, Sonya, was immediately gentle and protective. But Tiger, the Pomeranian, was less welcoming. \"If any diapers or toys were on the floor, he peed on them,\" says the Greenbrier, mom. In the eyes of a pet, there's a new star in home who's stealing his spotlight. Even the gentlest animal will probably act up if he doesn't get his usual attention. These simple steps will help your pet adjust and keep your baby safe.\nIntroduce Them with Care\nYour newborn and per's first encounter can set the tone for their relationship. To make it as smooth as possible, try this trick from Caryn Ruiz:\"Before we left the hospital, my husband took blankets home to our dog, Daisy, so she'd know our newborn Devon's smell.\" When you get home, have your husband carry the baby so you can greet your pet without worrying about her jumping on you. A cat will likely walk away at first, while a dog probably wants to investigate right away.\nTo introduce your baby, get down on your pet's level and let her have a hello sniff. Don't panic and pull your baby away unless your pet is barking or hissing, because it'll send the message that the baby is a threat.\nLearn the Safety Basics\nNo matter how smoothly the introduction goes, there are certain safety rules you should follow. Never leave your baby alone with the pet. Even the gentlest animal can react unpredictably. Your baby's crying could frighten your cat, or your dog could suddenly become territorial. Consider setting up baby gates to limit your pet's access. To keep your cat from jumping into the bassinet , try putting mosquito netting over the top. Cats hate sticky paws, so keep the crib and changing table off-limits by lining the edges with sticky strips made for furniture. You can also train your dog to sleep in a crate .", "id": "high7447.txt"}