{"answers": ["C", "B", "A"], "options": [["avoided", "criticized", "accepted", "encouraged"], ["proper education would be provided", "there would be no racial discrimination", "there would be more happy families", "people would realize their childhood dreams"], ["motivational will", "mental ability", "adventurous ambitions", "needed goods"]], "questions": ["The author believes that the loss of innocence in adulthood should be  _  .", "Lifelong innocence would be beneficial to society in that  _  .", "According to the author, people with innocence can hurt the economy with their lack of  _   ."], "article": "The Loss of Innocence \nInnocence is such a precious gift. It's explained as freedom from guilt or wrong doing. Just imagine never having to worry about anything and having a guilt-free mind. Some people wish to save this kind of innocence from being lost from childhood to adulthood.\nWhat would the world be like if innocence were never lost? One way it would benefit humanity is the lack of hatred   among the world. During youth, there may be an occasional argument, even a little physical fight, but nothing like firing a handgun at a fellow human being. And children are blind towards the racial differences of others. A kid will hang out with any other kid. It is the lack of innocence and the ignorance we learn from adults that influence children otherwise. Another benefit is the constant desire for fun and adventure. With very little if any time at all for fun, the adventurous mind is lost in time with the responsibilities placed upon adults. If innocence were kept alive, these ambitions would never depart from our lives.\nHowever, other people actually hate the idea of innocence lasting for ever. They feel that the lack of organization and mental power of those with innocence would cause extremely destructive consequences to society in general. A large number of individuals would never have the urge to learn, work, and act upon the necessary needs for humanity to survive. Without a proper education which is usually provided by those who no longer live in a world of innocence, people would not have the desire to succeed, get a good job in life, or provide income for their families, which would hurt the lives of children.\nThe lack of a good education and career would also harm the economy. As long as innocence is kept alive, no one would be terribly angry at the lack of effort people put out in the workplace, resulting in a strong decline  in production and quality of needed goods.\nMaybe it is wrong in wanting to save innocence. It sure is a nice thought, though. Perhaps innocence was meant to be lost. It was god's will to make things the way they are, and there is a good purpose for everything. All that remains to be said about innocence is to enjoy it while it lasts.", "id": "high745.txt"}