{"answers": ["C", "B", "C", "A"], "options": [["about 50 years", "about 70 years", "about 90 years", "about 150 years"], ["It had kept its cover the same since the 1920s.", "It didn't have a serious tone for important events.", "It didn't report important events quickly enough.", "Henry Luce was in charge of the magazine for too long."], ["To remember the 10\nthanniversary of an attack.", "To remind readers to protect the environment.", "To show great sadness about the deaths.", "To call on readers to vote for Obama."], ["It has young reporters writing articles.", "It has a division magazine called TIME.", "It is designed for kids and teachers.", "It mainly contains popular culture."]], "questions": ["TIME has a history of   _  .", "Why did some people dislike TIME in the beginning?", "Why did TIME change its red border for the first time?", "What do we know about TFK?"], "article": "TIME is an American weekly news magazine published in New York City. It was created in 1923 by Briton Hadden and Henry Luce, making it the first weekly news magazine in the US. Hadden was considered carefree, liked to tease Luce and saw TIME as important but also fun. That accounted for its heavy coverage of celebrities(including politicians), the entertainment industry, and pop culture--criticized as too light for serious news.\nIt tells the news through people, and for many decades, the magazine's cover depicted a single person. On Hadden's death in 1929, Luce became the most important man at TIME and a major figure in the history of 20th-century media.\nTIME is also known for its signature red border, first introduced in 1927. It has only changed four times since then. The issue released shortly after the September 11 attacks on the United States featured a black border to symbolize mourning. However, this edition was a special \"extra\" edition published quickly for the breaking news of the event; the next regularly scheduled issue contained the red border. Additionally, the April 28, 2008 Earth Day issue, dedicated to environmental issues, contained a green border. The next change in border was in the September 19, 2011 issue, commemorating the 10thanniversary of the September 11 attacks with a metallic silver border. The most recent change(again with a silver border) was in the December 31, 2012 issue, noting Barack Obama's selection as Man of the Year.\nTIME has a division magazine, TIME FOR KIDS(TFK), which is especially published for children and is mainly distributed in classrooms. TFK contains some national news, a \"Cartoon of the Week\", and a variety of articles concerning popular culture that the younger U.S. citizens are interested in. All the stories in TFK are written by young reporters.\nIn some advertising campaigns, the magazine has suggested that the letters TIME stand for \"The International Magazine of Events\".", "id": "high7455.txt"}