{"answers": ["B", "B", "A"], "options": [["Mulcahy put in long hours as Vice President at a Fortune 500 company.", "Mulcahy becomes a famous football player.", "Mulcahy brought with her several accounts based on relationships she had formed through volunteering.", "Mulcahy was hired by a PR agency."], ["Learned", "Lucky", "Rude", "Realistic"], ["Volunteer Work Can Boost Your Career.", "Mulcahy's Voluntary Work Experience.", "It's a Good Chance to Be a Volunteer.", "Volunteer Work."]], "questions": ["Which of the following is NOT true about Mulcahy according to the passage?", "Which of the following words can best describe Todd?", "Which of the following can be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "Now let's talk about doing well by doing good--many people who have ever been volunteers for the community find their place in relative jobs or even make their way to be corporate leaders.\nConsider the case of Kimberly Mulcahy. Throughout her career, Mulcahy has actively volunteered in her community, profession and industry. Though she put in long hours as Vice President at a Fortune 500 company, she also found time to professional and community organizations.\nThen last year, the unexpected thing happened. The company where she'd worked for more than 20 years was bought out and she was laid off.\nOn hearing the news, those who she served were quick not only to offer her support--but actual jobs! In the end, Mulcahy was hired by a PR agency--she used to work as a director of her industry association. And she brought with her several accounts based on relationships she had formed through volunteering.\nVolunteering was a godsend to Todd, who has been a mid-level manager at the same company for many years. After he was out of work, he felt old and disappointed. But Todd knew he needed a change. Todd became involved in community service. He joined his town's volunteer fire department and was soon appointed to the finance committee.\nSometimes volunteering helps you bring passion to your work, other times it can turn your life's passion into your work. Cape Cod Baseball League President Judy Scarafile is a registered pharmacist whose love of the game led her to volunteered as league publicist , secretary and deputy commissioner woman to hold the top post.\nWhether you are to enter the workforce, build your resume, or follow your passion, volunteering is good for the soul and the career.", "id": "high7473.txt"}