{"answers": ["A", "D", "D"], "options": [["It mainly tells us about Gorge Washington Carver, a great chemurgist.", "It mainly tells us about chemurgy.", "It mainly tells us about the research made in Tuskegee.", "It mainly tells us about the development of making synthetics."], ["Make a study of plant parts.", "Make new products out of farm products.", "Carver helped the United States Department of Agriculture.", "Make a study on animal disease."], ["Carver never patented what he discovered.", "Carver refused many offers to work in private companies.", "Carver made little money out of his discoveries.", "Carver helped Edison invent electric light."]], "questions": ["What does the passage mainly tell us?", "Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage?", "Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?"], "article": "George Washington Carver showed that plant life was more than just food for animals and humans. Carver's first step was to analyze plant parts to find out what they were made of. He then combined these simpler isolated substances with other substances to create new products.\nThe branch of chemistry that studies and finds ways to use raw materials from farm products to make industrial products is called chemurgy. Carver was one of the first and greatest chemurgists of all time. Today the science of chemurgy is better known as the science of synthetics . Each day people depend on and use synthetics made from raw materials. All his life Carver battled against the disposal of waste materials, and warned of the growing need to develop substitutes  for the natural substances being used up by humans.\nCarver never cared about getting credit for the new products he created. He never tried to patent  his discoveries or get wealthy from them. He turned down many offers to leave Tuskegee Institute to become a scientist in private industry. Thomas Edison, inventor of the electric light, offered him a laboratory in Detroit to carry out food research. When the  United States government made him a collaborator in the Mycology and Plant Disease Survey of the Department of Agriculture, he accepted the position with the understanding that he wouldn't leave Tuskegee. An authority on plant disease--especially of the fungus  variety--Carver sent hundreds of specimens  to the United States Department of Agriculture. At the peak of his career, Carver's fame and influence were known on every continent.", "id": "high7474.txt"}