{"answers": ["D", "C", "A", "A"], "options": [["Kournikova beat Steffi Graf at the US Open when she was 15.", "Kournikova won the Rookie of the Year award in 1999.", "Koumikova is now more lucky at the net than on the Internet.", "In 1997, Kournikova worked hard to make it to the semi - finals in Wimbledon."], ["Steffi Graf", "Venus Williams", "Martina Hingis", "Monica Seles"], ["at Midland", "in France", "in Australia", "at Biscayne"], ["She has a lot of fans on the Internet.", "Her parents gave her much support.", "She beat Martina Hings in 1996.", "She played tennis for her home country Russia."]], "questions": ["Which of the following is right?", "Kournikova won her first grand slam title in doubles at the Australia Open with_.", "From the text we can know Kournikova won her professional title in an ITF match_.", "What can we learn about Kournikova?"], "article": "Anna Koumikova was born on June 7th, 1981 in Moscow. Her parents' names are Allah and Sergel. When she was 5 years old, her parents sold their TV to buy her the first tennis bat for Christmas. She played in a club near her place until aged 11. Then she moved to Bradenton, Florida(USA) to train with Nick Bollitierri. At 14, she represented Russia in a Fed Cup match and became the youngest player ever to win a Fed Cup match.\nKournikova made her WTA first show at 15 years old at the US Open where she finally lost against player Steffi Graf. But she made it to the double quarter finals that same match. In 1996, Kournikova won the Rookie of the Year award and the next year. She improved very much to even make it to the semi - finals in Wimbledon. She lost to world number one Martina Hingis at the French Open and at Wimbledon. In 1999 she won her professional title at Midland, Miehigon, an international Tennis Federation match. She was 5th favourite in Illinois the same year and won her 2nd career ITF match. She won her first grand slam  title ill 1999 with Martina Hingis in doubles at the Australia Open. Since then, they have played regularly together and have quickly become one of the 'best pairs. Aim in 1999,she made her first career WTA final in key Biscayne against Venus Williams in a tough 3 set match. She alto won her first doubles tile with Monica Seles in Tokyo.\nAt present Kournikova is more successful on the net than at the net. She remains the \"most searched\" and \"most download  \" on the internet, three times more popular than the NO. 2 sports figure, Michael Jordan. She is still very young and she seems to have a great future ahead !", "id": "high7480.txt"}