{"answers": ["A", "C"], "options": [["Heavy snow hits China", "Chinese New Year in snow", "China's terrible translation system.", "An accident"], ["The heavy snow is the worst disaster in decades in China.", "No other cities in the world have more travellers in festivals than in China.", "The government doesn't care for people's life in disaster areas.", "The country's migrant workers have more than one holidays to celebrate, according to the passage"]], "questions": ["Choose the best title for this passage.", "Which is not true according to the passage?"], "article": "China's government has issued a severe weather warning after the heaviest snowfalls in decades. The country is experiencing transport delays and power cuts as millions of people prepare to make long journeys home for the Chinese New Year. This report from Quentin Summerville: China hasn't experienced weather this bad in decades. And as the country prepares for Chinese New Year, the disruption couldn't come at a worse time. Over 100,000 people are stranded  in Guangzhou railway station in the south. It may climb to as many as 600,000 as more people arrive to make their journeys home for the Spring Festival. Travellers have been evacuated to nearby sports stadiums and exhibition centres.\nAcross China around nineteen airports have shut because of the weather. Around half the provinces in the country have had to start rationing power , according to the state media. The government has suspended  coal exports in favour of home consumption. At least a dozen people died over the weekend because of heavy rains and the snowfall.\nThe Spring Festival is China's most important holiday when people journey home to be with their families. For millions of the country's migrant workers it's their only holiday. Some two billion journeys were made during the festival last year, making it the largest migration of people on the planet. And even without the severe weather, conditions on overcrowded trains and buses are terrible. The holiday stretches China's transport system to its very limits", "id": "high7482.txt"}