{"answers": ["B", "A", "B", "C"], "options": [["are central to the medical staff", "play an important role in caring for patients", "can work effectively without physicians", "are always in close contact with the patients"], ["They don't treat patients for illness and injury.", "Most nurses work long days.", "Caring for sick patients requires patience and concern.", "They are not dedicated."], ["they are careless.", "nursing services must be provided continuously.", "they work at night from time to time.", "a shift is usually eight hours long."], ["A very careful person.", "An able person.", "A very dedicated person.", "A specially trained person."]], "questions": ["The nursing staff   _  .", "Why don't nurses study for as many years as doctors?", "Nurses work in shifts because   _  .", "What kind of person is suited to become a nurse?"], "article": "The physicians in a hospital form the center of medical staff. But they could not provide effective medical care to their patients without the help of numerous other medical employees. From the viewpoint of the patients, the nursing staff is particularly important. Nurses are usually in close contact with patients as long as they are in the hospital.\nA nurse does not study for as many years as a doctor. however, each must be equally dedicated. Caring for sick persons requires a great deal of patience and concern. Most nurses work long days, and they often must work at odd hours or during the night.\nUnder the supervision   of the head nurse, the nursing staff must provide nursing services on a 24-hour basis and attend to patients' needs. This responsibility continues around the clock, and so nurses must work in shifts. A shift is a period of duty, usually eight in length. The nurses on the ward rotate their shifts. Some take turns working night duty; others work odd shifts.\nA nurse must always be alert. She can never afford to be careless. This is true in all nursing situation, but it is especially true in the intensive care unit. Patients under intensive care are critically ill, and they must be monitored at all times. The nurses who do intensive care duty have one of the most demanding jobs in the hospital.\nServing as a nurse can be a very rewarding job. But it is not an easy one. Not every person is suited to become a nurse. Only very dedicated people have chosen nursing as a profession.", "id": "high7490.txt"}