{"answers": ["C", "D", "C"], "options": [["to show the way to rescue the victims in the ruins", "to introduce the instruments to save victims in a disaster", "to tell readers that dogs can smell out victims buried in the ruins", "to show how to train dogs to save victims in a mudslide"], ["50.", "Only a few.", "1,800.", "None."], ["the rain was heavy", "so many people were buried", "it was difficult to reach the village", "these is little chance to save the survivors"]], "questions": ["The main purpose of this passage is probably  _  .", "How many survivors were found by the dogs?", "The reason why the rescue work wasn't going smoothly was probably that  _  ."], "article": "Dogs may help save the day in the Philippines, as they use their noses to smell out survivors buried by Friday's mudslide . The team of dogs arrived in the Philippines from Spain, and this Tuesday they were just beginning their work. Search officials told CNN they hope the recent rain will wash away the smell of rescue teams so the dogs can do their job more accurately.\nThe dogs were brought in after sound equipment found sounds coming from deep inside the ruins, at a place where a school stood before the mudslide covered it. The sounds could mean people are still alive under all the mud or it could just be the earth resettling.\nOn Monday, rescue workers worked at the school site until three in the morning, trying to locate survivors, and they will begin digging again as soon as the dogs think they find someone.\nHuman teams from the US, Malaysia, and Australia are all trying to help, too. But so far they have yet to locate any survivors. Rescue workers told CNN that an earlier report that 50 survivors had been found was false.\nHow did all that mud bury the village in the first place? On Friday, 2,400-foot Mt Kanabag turned into a mudslide after two weeks of constant rain weakened it. The mountain crumbled and the mud fell onto the village Guinsaugon, burying the 1,800 people who lived there . Out of the 300 houses in the village, only 3 were not covered by the mud . The village is on a southern Philippine Island called Levte. Rescue efforts have been difficult because the village takes six hours to reach from the nearest airport. Hopefully, the dogs can help their human friends find survivors.", "id": "high7497.txt"}