{"answers": ["A", "C", "D"], "options": [["How to end the global food shortage", "How to end the global disaster", "How to help the farmers in the poor countries", "How to subsidize the farmers to increase food products"], ["people in the world can do nothing.", "The global food crisis will continue.", "The food crisis provides not only a warning but also an opportunity.", "We don' know."], ["to scale-up the dramatic success of Malawi", "the U.S. and Europe should abandon their policies of subsidizing the conversion of food into biofuels", "to prevent the world's crops from being destroyed by weather as soon and as effectively as possible.", "All above ."]], "questions": ["Which of the following is the best title?", "What does the author think of the global food shortage?", "What measures should be taken to ease the current crisis and avert the potential for a global disaster?"], "article": "The world economy has run into a brick wall. Despite countless warnings in recent years about the need to address a looming  hunger crisis in poor countries and a looming energy crisis worldwide, world leaders failed to think ahead. The result is a global food crisis. Wheat, corn and rice prices increases combined with soaring energy costs will slow if not stop economic growth in many parts of the world and will even undermine  political stability, as evidenced by the protest riots that have erupted in places like Haiti, Bangladesh and Burkina Faso. Practical solutions to these growing woes do exist, but we'll have to start thinking ahead and acting globally.\nSo, what should be done?Here are three steps to ease the current crisis and avert(, ) the potential for a global disaster. The first is to scale-up(,) the dramatic success of Malawi, a famine-prone  country in southern Africa, which three years ago established a special fund to help its farmers get fertilizer and high-yield seeds. Malawi's harvest doubled after just one year. An international fund based on the Malawi model would cost a mere $10 per person annually in the rich world, or $10 billion in all.\nSecond, the U.S. and Europe should abandon their policies of subsidizing  the conversion of food into biofuels .\nThird, we urgently need to weatherproof  the world's crops as soon and as effectively as possible. For a poor farmer, sometimes something as simple as a farm pond--which collects rainwater to be used for emergency irrigation in a dry spell--can make the difference between a bountiful crop and a famine. The world has already committed to establishing a Climate Adaptation Fund to help poor regions climate-proof vital economic activities such as food production and health care but has not yet acted upon the promise.\nThe food crisis provides not only a warning but also an opportunity. We need to invest vastly more in sustainable development in order to achieve true global security and economic growth.", "id": "high7498.txt"}