{"answers": ["C", "C", "B"], "options": [["Zeus is the founder of the Olympic Games.", "The ancient stadium in Olympic were used as training sites for the athletes in the 10th century.", "The Olympic Games have much to do with the religion.", "The Olympic victor would receive a golden medal."], ["the author", "the headmaster", "the announcer", "the manager"], ["They were awarded immediately after the competition.", "They were awarded twice. The first, immediately after the competition; the second, on the last day of the game.", "They were awarded on the last day of the game.", "They were awarded on the last day of the game or immediately after the competition."]], "questions": ["Which one is TRUE according to the passage?", "Can you guess the meaning of this word \"herald\" in the passage?", "When the athletes won the game,   _  ."], "article": "The history of the Games Olympia\nOlympia, the site of the ancient Olympic Games, is in the western part of the Peloponnese which, according to Greek mythology, is the island of \"Pelops\", the founder of the Olympic Games. Imposing temples, votive buildings, elaborate shrines and ancient sporting facilities  were combined in a site of unique natural and mystical beauty.\nOlympia functioned as a meeting place for worship and other religious and political practices as early as the 10th century B.C. The central part of Olympia was dominated by the majestic temple of Zeus, with the temple of Hera parallel to it. The ancient stadium in Olympia could hold more than 40,000 audience, while in the surrounding area there were auxiliary  buildings which developed gradually up until the 4th century B.C. and were used as training sites for the athletes or to house the judges of the Games.\nThe Games and religion\nThe Olympic Games were closely linked to the religious festivals of the cult of Zeus, but were not a total part of a rite. Indeed, they had a secular character and aimed to show the physical qualities and development of the performances accomplished by young people, as well as encouraging good relations between the cities of Greece. According to specialists, the Olympic Games owed their purity and importance to religion.\nVictory ceremonies\nThe Olympic victor received his first awards immediately after the competition. Following the announcement of the winner's name by the herald, a Hellanodikis (Greek judge) would place a palm branch in his hands, while the audience cheered and threw flowers to him. Red ribbons were tied on his head and hands as a mark of victory.\nThe official award ceremony would take place on the last day of the Games, at the elevated vestibule of the temple of Zeus. In a loud voice, the herald would announce the name of the Olympic winner, his father's name, and his homeland. Then, the Hellanodikis placed the sacred olive tree wreath , or kotinos, on the winner's head.", "id": "high7499.txt"}