{"answers": ["C", "A", "C", "D"], "options": [["Beijing's economy will have a downturn after the 2008 Olympic Games.", "The 2008 Olympic Games have no effects on Beijing's economy.", "Beijing's economy will go on as usual.", "Beijing's economy will go worse after the 2008 Olympic Games."], ["to have a downturn", "to develop as usual", "to develop more rapidly", "all of the above"], ["The negative effects are small.", "The Chinese government has many measures to take.", "The Chinese economy has developed at a certain level so that the negative effects can't affect it too much.", "Jonathan Anderson liked China very much so he didn't want China to go worse."], ["Beijing After the Olympics", "The negative effects of the end of Beijing Olympics", "Can Beijing get through the difficult period after the 2008 Olympic Games", "Beijing's economy after the 2008 Olympic Games"]], "questions": ["Which one of the followings is the author's idea?", "What's the Jin Yuanpu idea about Beijing's economy after the 2008 Olympic Games according to the passage?", "Why did Jonathan Anderson believe that the negative effects of the end of Beijing Olympics 2008 on the entire country aren't important?", "Choose a best title for this passage."], "article": "Once the 2008 Olympic Games finishes, the drums and trumpets  of the competitions would also stop. But would the city remain as lively as it would be after this world event? Investment sustainability and high demand are two highly invaluable economic concepts  that can be looked at in order to ensure post-Olympics flourish, or perhaps, an even better future for Beijingers.\nNaturally, an economic downturn occurs in an Olympic host city once the major event finishes. Renmin University Professor Jin Yuanpu noted that a global event like this would put Beijing into a position of large importance in the international stage. But after this event, who would use the heavily-funded equipment and public and private investments left in the city? Various economists argued that a meltdown   is highly unlikely. Jonathan Anderson, UBS Asia economist, suggested that the negative effects of the end of Beijing Olympics 2008 on the entire country aren't important compared to previous host cities. China is such a huge economy that the conclusion of the Olympics games is the same as an ant-bite on a dragon.\nBut what about post-Olympics Beijing? Retired Headmaster of Peking University, Li Yining, noted that a long-term civil demand growth and a popular desire by companies to adopt careful financial management decisions can lead to continued investment growth. Even though demand in some departments of the economy would drop in the short-run, creativity, practicality and innovation  would be the key factors that would continually enhance the city's image and flourish long after the Olympics in the city has ended.\nSo what's next for Beijing after the Olympics? Well, it's business as usual...", "id": "high7503.txt"}