{"answers": ["B", "D", "B"], "options": [["Because he was a cook at a country-music club.", "Because he sang for guests while he worked as a cook.", "Because he often sang while cooking.", "Because he liked singing better than cooking."], ["Wamer Brothers.", "His manager.", "His father.", "A businesswoman."], ["His ability to live independently.", "His sense of responsibility in whatever he did.", "His courage in the face of rejections.", "His hard work in his early days."]], "questions": ["Why was the writer once known as the singing cook?", "Who first recognized his talents and helped make his career successful?", "What made the writer proud of himself?"], "article": "I grew up in a small town. My father raised chickens and ran a construction company. I was barely 10 years old when my dad gave me the responsibility   of feeding the chickens and cleaning up the stable. He believed it was important for me to have those jobs to learn responsibility. Then, when I was 22, I found a job in Natchbill at a country music club called the Natchbill Palace, I washed dishes and cooked from 4: 00 pm to 9: 00 pm and then went on stage and sang until 2:00 in the morning. It wasn't long before I became known as a singing cook. I had been rejected so many times by record companies that it was hard not to be discouraged. One night, a woman executive   from a company named Warner Brothers Records came to hear me sing. When the show was over, we sat down and talked and after she left, I said to myself it was one more rejection. A few weeks later, my manager received a phone call -- Warner Brothers wanted to sign me to a record deal. Soon after, I released my first record in June 1986. It sold over 2 million copies. My best efforts had gone into every job I've ever held. It was the sense of responsibility that made me feel like a man. Knowing that I had done my best filled me with pride. I still feel that way today, even though I have become a well-known singer.", "id": "high7515.txt"}