{"answers": ["B", "D", "C", "B"], "options": [["a small fighting with another foreign submarine", "an explosion inside the submarine Kursk", "a great collision inside the submarine Kursk", "an attack from another foreign submarine"], ["decided to recover all the sailors' bodies immediately", "went to apply to Norway for help at once", "decided to find out the real cause of sinking at once", "sent several rescue ships into the Barents Sea"], ["If the rescue work did within 10~18 days, there would be about 30 sailors to be recovered.", "It was not believed that there were many unclear weapons inside the Kursk.", "A team of divers from Norway entered the submarine Kursk successfully on Oct. 25", "It's reported that a major collision was unlikely to cause the sinking of the Kursk."], ["Because the Barents Sea is very icy and the weather is too cold.", "Because Russia feared that the top secrets inside the Kursk will be let out.", "Because Russian divers are much more skilled than those from Norway.", "Because Russian government wants to bring the cost down to the lowest degree."]], "questions": ["From the text we can infer that   _   led to the sinking of the submarine Kursk.", "After Kursk accident occurred, Northern Fleet Commander Popov   _  .", "Which of the following is NOT true according to the text?", "Why did Russia insist that only Russian divers can work inside the submarine Kursk?"], "article": "On Saturday August 12, 2000, during Northern Fleet training exercises in the Barents Sea, the Russian nuclear submarine  Kursk sank in about 100 meters of water with some 118 sailors aboard. It's known later that several officers were also aboard, observing the training exercises. The Kursk is lying on the ocean floor in the Barents Sea. The Russian Navy said that it was listing 30 degrees to port. Other sources reported it was listing as much 60 as degrees. According to a Russian newspaper, when the submarine Kursk failed to make contact with the naval command at the right time later that day, Northern Fleet Commander Admiral Vyachesav Popov ordered rescue ships into the area. It took hours to find the submarine, as it didn't launch  a marking buoy  before sinking.\nRussian Navy Chief insisted that the submarine Kursk had been involved  in a major collision , but a great deal of information shows that this is not true. Up till now, it's believed that an explosion in the torpedo compartment  in the nose of the Kursk was the likely cause. Now Russian government officially asked Norway for help in recovering of sailors' bodies first of all, and Norway has agreed to offer all help. But Russian insisted that only Russians work inside the submarine Kursk and that the work last for about 10~18 working days. It is expected to recover only 25~35 bodies from the Kursk.\nIt was not until October 25, when a team of Russian divers entered the submarine Kursk, some 350 feet below the surface, that truth became clear. On November 7, in the morning, owing to   the icy and the cold weather, a special rescue meeting held on Murmansk decided to stop the whole bodies recovering operation.", "id": "high7526.txt"}