{"answers": ["C", "C", "B", "B", "A"], "options": [["students in colleges and universities will be much older", "full-time students in colleges and universities will be even younger", "American colleges and universities will take in part-time students equally", "The number of older students will be greater than that of the younger ones"], ["It's reported that a large number of Americans attend college or universities classes in their spare time.", "Most of them are over 25.", "Most of them are without jobs.", "The number of students in colleges and universities is reported to have gone up greatly."], ["Most of the Americans enjoy learning something new", "Most of them believe: more education, better jobs", "They have lost their jobs", "They are tired of their jobs they have"], ["they rise to high grades easily", "they often get very good marks", "they are more likely to receive a master's or a doctor's degree upon graduation", "they often win high prize"], ["Why does so many older students go to college in America.", "What older students in college can learn.", "Older students are mostly good students", "Higher education can help you get a good job."]], "questions": ["It's said that in the next few years   _  .", "Judge which of the following is not true according to the above passage.", "Why are so many people deciding to go on with their education? Because  _  .", "They often get high grades\" means   _  .", "What does the whole passage mainly tell us?"], "article": "When we hear the words \"college students\", we usually think of a young person between 18 and 22 years old. But in the U.S.A today, a college student often is much older. In fact, educators say in the next few years colleges and universities may have more older part-time students than traditional   full-time younger students.\nEducators report a big increase in the number of Americans who attend college and university classes in the evening or at night or weekends. Most of them are older than 25 years old and more have full-time or part-time jobs. Many are in their thirties or forties.\nWhy are so many people deciding to spend their time and money in order to continue their education? Most are doing it because they believe more education will help them to get a better job. Some are industrial workers whose factories have closed. They are learning new skills to prepare for other kinds of work. Some of the part-time students are not pleased with the jobs they have. They are studying for new ones. Some have retired   and are looking for new kinds of work. Two of every three of the students older than 35 are women. Many of them are returning to school after years of staying at home to care for children.\nAre older students good students? Most teachers say yes. They say older students really want to learn. They ask difficult questions and are not pleased with simple answers. They often get high grades.", "id": "high7535.txt"}