{"answers": ["A", "C", "D"], "options": [["It's a good idea to write a letter of apology as soon as something has gone wrong.", "It's a good idea to send several emails to apologize.", "Write a long letter apologizing several times to make your point.", "Wait to see how they react to your letter before planning to do anything."], ["A service that is not as good as it should be.", "Genuine mistakes.", "Car accidents.", "Causing offence or hurt."], ["If you write immediately, they will be suspicious.", "If you leave it for a few days, they will know it is your idea to write.", "Waiting for a few days before you write will show your sincerity.", "Waiting too long will make it worse because they won't believe you mean it."]], "questions": ["What kind of advice does the text suggest about apologizing?", "What kind of things do you NOT apologize for?", "How can timing compound problems?"], "article": "It is impossible not to make a mistake at some points in your life. We may as well accept that something will go wrong and we will be to blame. It is therefore sensible to work out some strategies for apologizing, and the best way to apologize is by letter. This way you can take care over every work you write-- which you can't do if you say sorry to someone in person.\nWe all say or do something that we wish we hadn't said or done. You may say something that accidentally hurts someone, or you may provide a service which doesn't come up to the standards that a client or customer expected.\nYou may feel that it was a genuine mistake which couldn't be avoided. Rather than dwell on the mistake, you should quickly try to remedy the problem. An effective letter of apology is an important part of that process.\nFor the contents of the letter, just remember TABS--Timing, Action, Brevity, Sincerity.\nThe timing of a letter of apology is essential--it must be sent as soon as possible. Any delay in our sending the letter will only compound the problem. In this case \"Better late than never\" is not the best motto! The longer you wait before you wait before writing a letter of apology, the more it will seem that you have been coerced into writing it.\nAlthough it is important to recognize what has gone before, it is also essential to detail the action you plan to take to rectify whatever it was you did wrong. Research has shown that some indication that you have thought about what future action you plan to take is always well received.\nA letter of apology should be brief and the word \"sorry\" should appear no more than twice. Indicate that you are aware using it a second time--\"once again, I am so sorry for...\" or \"as I said earlier, I am really sorry about...\". Finally, the tone of the letter has to be sincere. In fact, the combination of all the above factors will help in this respect.\nAnd don't think that letters are out of date in the email--oriented 21st century. An apology email can be worse than no apology at all!", "id": "high7556.txt"}