{"answers": ["C", "D", "B", "A"], "options": [["the government", "their owners?families", "advertisements", "the audience"], ["Companies.", "Organizations.", "Individuals.", "All of the above."], ["Newspapers.", "The mail.", "Magazines.", "Films."], ["Advertising must be honest and amusing.", "Advertising is meant for large groups of people.", "Advertising tells people to do something directly or indirectly.", "The sponsors are always mentioned in the advertisements."]], "questions": ["The existence  of the privately owned mass media depends financially  on   _  .", "according to the passage, who are most probably paying for the advertisements?", "Which of the following is considered nontraditional mass media?", "according to the passage, which of the following statements about the features of advertisements is NOT true?"], "article": "When you turn on the radio, you hear an advertisement. When you watch television, you hear and see an advertisement. If you turn the pages of a newspaper or magazine, again you find an advertisement. If you walk down the street, you see one advertising board after another. All day, every day, people who want to sell you something compete to catch your attention. As a result, advertisements are almost everywhere.\nIn the West, advertisements are the fuel that makes mass media work. Many TV stations, newspapers, magazines, radio stations are privately owned. The government does not give them money. So where does the money come from? From advertisements. Without advertisements, there would not be these private businesses.\nHave you ever asked yourself what advertising is? Through the years, people have given different answers to the question. For some time it was felt that advertising was a means of keeping your name before the public? and some people thought that advertising was \"truth well told.\" Now more and more people describe it in this way: Advertising is the paid, non-personal, and usually persuasive  description of goods, services and ideas by identified sponsors  through various media.\nFirst, advertising is usually paid for. Various sponsors pay for the advertisements we see, read, and hear over the various media. Second, advertising is non-personal. It is not face to face communication. Although you may feel that a message in a certain advertisement is aimed directly at you, in reality, it is directed at large groups of people. Third, advertising is usually persuasive. Directly or indirectly it tells people to do something. All advertisements try to make people believe that the product, idea, or service advertised can do good to them. Fourth, the sponsor of the advertisement must be identified. From the advertisement, we can see if the sponsor is a company, or an organization, or an individual. Fifth, advertising reaches us through traditional and nontraditional mass media. Included in the traditional media are newspapers, magazines, radio, television, and films. Nontraditional media include the mail, matchbox covers, and billboards.", "id": "high7561.txt"}