{"answers": ["C", "A"], "options": [["a museum director", "a master of art", "an art collector", "an art dealer"], ["He was devoted to the family.", "He saw that no one bid for it.", "He knew the content of the will.", "He found it cheap for him to buy."]], "questions": ["The English Baron Fitzgerald was   _  .", "Why did the old servant bid for the painting of Fitzgerald's son?"], "article": "The very wealthy English Baron Fitzgerald had only one child, a son, who understandably was the apple of his eye. His wife died when the child was in his early teens. So Fitzgerald devoted himself to fathering the kid. Unfortunately the son died in his late teens.\nMeanwhile, Fitzgerald's wealth greatly increased. He spent a lot on art works of the masters. Later Fitzgerald himself because seriously ill. Before his death, he had carefully prepared his will as to how his wealth would be settled--to sell his entire collection at an auction  .\nBecause of the large quantity and high quality of his collection, a huge crowd of possible buyers gathered for the auction. Many of them were museum directors and private collectors eager to bid  .Before the auction, the art works were shown, among which was a painting of Fitzgerald's son by an unknown artist. Because of its poor quality, it received little attention.\nWhen it was time for the auction, the auctioneer gaveled   the crowd to attention. First the lawyer read from Fitzgerald's will that the first art work to be auctioned was the painting of his son.\nThe poor-quality painting didn't receive and bidders...except one--the old servant who had served the son and loved him, and who for emotional reasons offered the only bid.\nAs soon as the servant bought the painting for less than one English pound, the auctioneer stopped the bidding and asked the lawyer to read again from the will. The crowd became quiet, and the lawyer read from the will:\"Whoever buys the painting of my son gets all my collection.\"Then the auction was over.", "id": "high7563.txt"}