{"answers": ["B", "D", "D"], "options": [["They want to show their maturity   by drinking alcohol.", "Drinking alcohol is much cooler than taking drugs.", "They are affected by many other people around them.", "They can get liquor easily."], ["Nothing serious will happen to them.", "They keep the same eating and sleeping habits.", "They can control their moods quite well.", "Sometimes they act secretly."], ["punish them at once", "ask the police for help", "ask their children's friends for help", "set up curfews and rules about parties or other events with other parents"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is NOT the reason why some kids have an early start of drinking?", "According to the passage, what changes may happen to the kids who start drinking?", "According to the writer, if parents find their children try alcohol, they had better   _  ."], "article": "Some kids start to drink alcohol   at a young age. They think it is part of becoming an adult. They also think drinking is not that bad because so many people do it. They feel it is not as bad as taking drugs  . It is easy for kids to get liquor  by using fake identification  .\nParents may start to notice a change in their child's behavior if the child starts drinking. Kids who drink sometimes stop doing things they normally liked to do. They may keep telephone calls and meetings a secret and not want anybody to touch their things. They act moody   and do not have the same eating and sleeping habits.\nParents need to stay involved   in their kids' lives. They should talk to their children about their problems to be aware of any changes.\nParents can be the best protection. Children who get a lot of love can feel good about themselves. It helps them resist  doing bad things even when other kids are doing them. Parents can also help set a good example by not drinking and driving. They can have firm rules in the home that everyone follows.\nGive the children good ideas on how to say \"no\" to drinking, even when they are at a party. Try not to overreact or panic   if the child tries alcohol. How you handle it can affect their attitude. It may be helpful to talk to other parents about setting up curfews   and rules about parties or other events.", "id": "high7573.txt"}