{"answers": ["A", "D", "B"], "options": [["they have little knowledge of it", "it helps to build human character", "it is too costly to stop killing wildlife", "they want to keep wildlife under control"], ["teach them how to deal with guns safely", "praise hunting as character-building", "describe hunting as an exercise", "encourage them to have guns of their own"], ["blame the majority of people", "worry about the existence of wildlife", "be in favour of war", "be in support of character-building"]], "questions": ["According to the text, most people do not seem to be against hunting because  _  .", "According to the text, the films children watch at school actually  _  .", "It can be inferred from the text that the author seems to  _  ."], "article": "Every year more people recognize that it is wrong to kill wildlife for \"sport.\" Progress in this direction is slow because shooting is not a sport for watching, and only those few who take part realize the cruelty and destruction.\nThe number of gunners, however, grows rapidly. Children too young to develop proper judgments through independent thought are led along way away by their gunning parents. They are subjected to advertisements of gun producers who describe shooting as good for their health and guncarrying as a way of putting redder blood in the veins  . They are persuaded by gunner magazines with stories honoring the chase and the kill. In school they view motion pictures which are supposedly meant to teach them how to deal with arms safely but which are actually designed to stimulate   a desire to own a gun. Wildlife is disappearing because of shooting and because of the loss of wildland habitat  . Habitat loss will continue with our increasing population, but can we slow the loss of wildlife caused by shooting? There doesn't seem to be any chance if the serious condition of our birds is not improved.\nWildlife belongs to everyone and not to the gunners alone. Although most people do not shoot, they seem to forgive shooting for sport because they know little or nothing about it. The only answer, then, is to bring the truth about sport shooting to the great majority of people.\nNow, it is time to realize that animals have the same right to life as we do and that there is nothing fair or right about a person with a gun shooting the harmless and beautiful creatures. The gunners like to describe what they do as character-building, but we know that to wound an animal and watch it go through the agony of dying can make nobody happy. If, as they would have you believe, gun-carrying and killing improve human-character, then perhaps we should encourage war.", "id": "high7579.txt"}