{"answers": ["C", "D", "A", "B"], "options": [["To share the author's ideas on proper parenting.", "To persuade parents to spend more time with their kids.", "To advise parents how to help their kids deal with stress.", "To seek different ways to help solve kids' problems."], ["Their kids are growing so fast.", "They have too much housework.", "Their kids are losing interest in them.", "They are tired out after work."], ["it does no good to your kids", "it doesn't work in practice", "your kids may not feel stressed", "your kids don't want to listen"], ["Normal people share the same feelings.", "It is normal for kids to have some stress.", "Kids should get rid of the negative feelings.", "Everybody feels angry, scared, lonely or anxious."]], "questions": ["What is the purpose of the text?", "Why do some parents feel it difficult to spare quality time for their kids?", "You are advised not to talk too much about a stressful situation in advance because   _  .", "What can we learn from the text?"], "article": "How can you help kids cope with  stress? Proper rest and good nutrition can improve coping skills, so can good parenting. Make time for your kids each day. Whether they need to talk with you or just be in the same room with you, make yourself available.\nEven as kids get older, quality time is important. It's really hard for some people to come home after a tiring day of work, get down on the floor, and play with their kids or just talk to them about their day -- especially if they've had a stressful day themselves. But expressing interest in your kids shows that they' re important to you.\nHelp your child deal with stress by talking about what may be causing it. Together, you can come up with a few solutions.  For example, he should cut back on after-school activities, spending more time talking with his parents or teachers, developing an exercise plan or keeping a journal.\nYou can also help by predicting potentially stressful situations and preparing kids for them. For example, let a child know ahead of time, but not too far ahead of time, that a doctor's appointment is coming up and talk about what will happen there. Keep in mind, though, that younger kids probably won't need too much advance preparation. Too much information can cause more stress.\nRemember that some level of stress is normal, Let kids know that it's OK to feel angry, scared, lonely, or anxious and that other people share those feelings, too.\nWhen kids can't or won't discuss these problems, try talking about your own concerns. This shows that you're willing to handle tough topics and are available to talk with when they're ready. If a child shows symptoms that concern you and is unwilling to talk, consult a counselor  or other mental health experts.\nMost parents have the skills to cope with their children's stress. The time to seek professional attention is when any change in behavior continues to exist, when stress is causing serious anxiety, or when the behavior is causing significant problems in functioning at school or at home.", "id": "high7585.txt"}