{"answers": ["C", "B", "D"], "options": [["people all over the world enjoy eating their potato chips", "the light golden color increases the attraction of their potato chips", "they must find new ways to promote sales in their country", "potato chips can hardly control the world market"], ["consumers worldwide today are attracted by global brands", "products suiting Chinese consumers' needs bring more profits", "local brands cannot compete successfully with American brands", "products identified as American will have promising market value"], ["To suit changing tastes of young consumers.", "To compete with other American chip producers.", "To change the company's long-held marketing image.", "To promote the company's strategy of globalization."]], "questions": ["Amin's belief is that   _  .", "One of the concepts on which Frito-Lay bases its development strategy is that   _  .", "Why did Riskey have the Frito-Lay logo redesigned?"], "article": "Just five one-hundredths of an inch thick and light golden in color, the Lay's potato chip seems an unlikely weapon for global control. But its maker, Frito-Lay doesn't think so. \"Potato chips are a snack food for the world , \"said Salman Amin, the company's head of global marketing. Amin believes there is no corner of the world that can resist the attractions of a Frito-Lay potato chip.\nFrito-Lay is the biggest snack maker in America owned by Pepsico and accounts for over half of the parent company's $ 3 billion profits every year. But the U.S. snack food market is largely saturated ,and to grow, the company has to look overseas.\nIts strategy rests on two beliefs: first, a global product offers economies of scale  with which local brands cannot compete. And second, consumers in the 21st century are drawn to \"global\" as a concept. \"Global\" does not mean products that are consciously regarded as American, but ones that consumers--especially young people--see as part of a modern, innovative  world in which people are linked across cultures by shared beliefs and tastes. Potato chips are an American invention, but most Chinese, for example, do not know that Frito-Lay is an American company. Instead, Riskey, the company's research and development head, would hope they associate the brand with the new world of global communications and business.\nWith brand concept a key factor, Riskey ordered a redesign of the Frito-Lay logo . The logo, along with the company's long-held marketing image of its chips, would help make the company's global development very easy.\nThe managers admit that they try to change national eating habits to a food created in America, but they don't think that means economic imperialism  .  \"We're making products in those countries, we're adapting them to the tastes of those countries, building businesses and employing people and changing lives , \"said Steve Reinemund, Pepsico's chief manager.", "id": "high7587.txt"}