{"answers": ["C", "C", "C"], "options": [["Worried and negative.", "Anxious and helpless.", "Nervous but optimistic.", "Relaxed and positive."], ["Dad bought a diamond jewelry to Mom for their wedding anniversary.", "Dad asked the nurse to visit Mom soon after the operation.", "Despite a lot of pain, Dad was eager to know Mom's condition soon after the operation.", "On the day of the transplant, the families involved in a euchre tournament to entertain themselves."], ["Dad's disease", "Mom's decision", "The Gift of Life", "The photo of hands"]], "questions": ["Before the surgery, which of the following words can best describe the feeling of the families?", "Which of the following is TRUE according the passage?", "What's the best title for the passage?"], "article": "My parents have certainly had their troubles, and as their child I'll never know how they made it to 38 years of marriage. They loved each other, but they didn't seem to like each other very much. Dad was too fond of his beer, and he talked down to Mom a lot. When she tried to stand up to him, a fight would unavoidably follow.\nIt was my dad's disease that began to change things. The year 1998 was the beginning of a remarkable transformation for my family. My father, Jim Dineen, the always healthy, weightlifting, never-missed-a-day-of-work kind of dad, discovered he had kidney  disease.\nThe decision to go ahead with a transplant for my father was a long and tough one, mostly because he had liver damage too. One physician's assistant told him, \"According to your file, you're supposed to be dead.\" And for a while, doctors mistakenly thought that he would need not just a kidney transplant, but a liver transplant too. _ \nWhen the donor testing process finally began in the spring of 2003, numerous people, including me, my uncle Tom, and my mom, came back as matches of varying degree. But Mom was the one who insisted on going further. She decided to donate a kidney to my father. She said she was not scared, and it was the right thing to do. We all stepped back in amazement.\nAt last a date was chosen - November 11, 2003. All of a sudden, the only thing that seemed to matter Dad was telling the world what a wonderful thing Mom was doing for him. A month before the surgery, he sent her birthday flowers with a note that read, \"I love you and I love your kidney! Thank you!\"\nFinancially, the disease was upsetting to them. So my sister and I were humbled and surprised when, shortly before his surgery day, Dad handed us a diamond jewelry that we were to give to Mom after the operation. He'd accumulated his spare dollars to buy it.\nAt the hospital on the day of the transplant, all our relatives and friends gathered in the waiting room and became involved in a mean euchre   tournament. My family has always handled things with a lot of laughter, and even though we were all tense, everybody was taking bets on how long this \"change of conduct\" would last in my parents.\nWe would inform Dad that if he chose to act like a real pain on any particular day after the operation, he wasn't allowed to blame it on PMS just because he'd now have a female kidney.\nThe surgeries went well, and not long afterward, my sister and I were allowed to go in to visit. Dad was in a great deal of pain but again, all he could talk about was Mom. Was she okay? How was she feeling? Then the nurses let us do something unconventional. As they were wheeling Mom out of recovery room, they rolled her into a separate position to visit Dad. It was strange to see both my parents hooked up to IVs and machines and trying to talk to each other through tears. The nurses allowed us to present the diamond jewelry to Mom so that Dad could watch her open it. Everyone was crying, even the nurses.\nAs I stood with digital camera in hand, I tried to keep the presence of mind to document the moment. My dad was having a hard time fighting back emotion, and suddenly my parents unexpectedly reached out to hold each other's hands.\nIn my nearly 35 years of existence, I'd never seen my parents do that, and I was spellbound. I snapped a picture and later rushed home to make sure I'd captured that enormous, life-defining moment. After so many years of disagreement, it was apparent to me that they finally understood how much each loved the other.", "id": "high7596.txt"}