{"answers": ["A", "C", "D"], "options": [["it offers chances for visitors to enlarge their knowledge of sea life.", "it provides chances for people to broaden their knowledge of science.", "it is specially designed to attract the young who are interested in the sea.", "it has a lot of activities for people to have fun."], ["It is one of the symbols of Hong Kong Ocean Park.", "It has thousands of fish from various species.", "It allows visitors to watch sea life from all angles.", "It is the largest aquarium in the world."], ["Enjoying the show of dolphins and sea lions.", "Visiting exhibitions about dinosaurs and birds.", "Taking a roller coaster ride on a 20-storey drop.", "Interacting with sea life in the huge outdoor pool."]], "questions": ["Hong Kong Ocean Park is called an educational theme Park because  _  .", "What makes the Atoll Reef so special?", "Which of the following activities is NOT true according to the passage?"], "article": "Ocean Park\nIf you love the sea, Ocean Park is the place for you! Situated on the south side of Hong Kong Island, this 870,000 square metre educational theme park provides many opportunities to learn about marine life.\nTo start with, the park boasts the Atoll Reef, one of the world's largest aquariums, with about 2,500 fish from nearly 300 different species.  What makes this aquarium special, however, is not just its size, but also its design. The Atoll Reef is built with an observation passageway that circles the aquarium on four different levels. This lets visitors view sea life from a variety of depths and angles.\nThen there's the Shark Aquarium, a tank with more than 200 sharks from more than 30 species.  Like the Atoll Reef, this unique aquarium is designed to make sure guests get the most out of their visit. Shaped like an underwater tunnel, guests can watch as sharks swim overhead and dive at them from every side.\nThere's also the Sea Jelly Spectacular, an aquarium that houses more than 1,000 jellyfish of all shapes, colours and sizes. And at the park's Dolphin University, visitors can go on educational tours and watch the training of dolphins up close.\nThe park's most popular attraction is the Ocean Theatre, a huge outdoor pool where dolphins and sea lions entertain the visitors. Sometimes a killer whale even takes part in the performance!\nAlthough Ocean Parks focus is on the water, the theme park has plenty of other activities, too. For people seeking excitement, there are rides like the Abyss Turbo Drop, a roller coaster ride that takes passengers on a 20-storey drop straight down. There are also exhibits like the Dinosaur Discovery Trail and Bird Paradise. Finally, no trip to Ocean Park would be complete without visiting the park's most popular animals--four giant pandas that were given as a gift from China's central government.", "id": "high7619.txt"}