{"answers": ["B", "A", "D"], "options": [["encourage people to buy Nancy Tillman's books for their children", "recommend Tillman's new book--Wherever You Are: My Love Will Find You", "advocate the theme of love among family members", "Let children know they are loved and educate them to love others"], ["Nancy Tillman's book On the Night You Were Born encourages children to try new things.", "The most important focus of Tillman's books is for children to know they are loved.", "The writer considers Tillman a gifted artist for her vivid use of words and rich imagination.", "The writer has bought and read both of Tillman's books mentioned in this passage."], ["The words alone makes Tillman's books the writer's favorite.", "Wherever You Are: My Love Will Find You is published earlier than On the Night You Were Born.", "My favorite drawing shows the feeling of wonder with the child swirling in sparkling lights.", "The drawings in Wherever You Are convey love with pictures involving animals."]], "questions": ["The purpose of this passage is to   _  .", "Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage?", "Pick out the true statements according to the passage."], "article": "Nancy Tillman's wonderful On the Night You Were Born is one of my very favorite books. Its celebration of the uniqueness of each and every child told in lyrical language makes it the gift I choose most often for expectant or adoptive parents. I also read it regularly with my grandchildren and talk with them about how special they are.\nTillman feels that the most important message for children to receive is simply, \"You are loved.\" And it's that message that is the focus of this, her newest book, Wherever You Are: My Love Will Find You. Once again, it is her turn of phrase that most fascinates me: In the green of the grass ... in the smell of the sea ... in the clouds floating by ... at the top of a tree ... in the sound crickets make at the end of the day ... \"You are loved. You are loved. You are loved,\" they all say. Phrases encourage children to grow, to try new things, to \"march to the front\" of their \"own parade\" and assures them that, no matter how far they go or what they do, they will be loved.\nThough the words alone would convince me to buy, share and recommend this book, Tillman is also a gifted artist and her lovely work makes this book a visual treasure as well. Through the pages, a child rides hippos, splashes in the surf with elephants, plays hide and seek with rabbits, shares a trampoline  with a kangaroo and enjoys some quiet time with a pair of pandas. My favorite drawing has the child walking away along a wide path that runs between trees covered in mist. In all of the drawings, swirls of sparkling lights wrap around the child--the love that will always be with him/her.\nI've read On the Night You Were Born dozens of times and with every single reading, I am incredibly touched. Wherever You Are: My Love Will Find You creates the same feeling of wonder, peace and happiness in me. It's a keep-forever book and I'm so happy to have it in my collection to share with the children I love most.", "id": "high7626.txt"}