{"answers": ["C", "B", "D", "A", "C"], "options": [["don't believe the prediction that no one will own cars by 2020", "are dedicated to the technological invention in car industry", "consider the prediction made by the researchers seriously", "have put the super-intelligent car into mass production"], ["The cars will consume no fuels.", "There won't be any car accidents.", "All cars will be driven at the same speed.", "All car drivers will be trained to be more skillful than today's."], ["cars play an important role in daily life", "many societies would stop working without cars", "cars should not be owned by one individual", "it causes more and more agonies  to human society"], ["Computer-driven cars drive much closer together than cars driven by people.", "Motorists can have a clear view of the road whatever the weather conditions are.", "Cars will travel in convoy, linked to each other by an electronic tow bar.", "Intelligent cruise control devices can regulate the distance between one car and another."], ["Motorists will get a clear view of the road.", "The weather conditions won't have effect on motorists.", "There will be a great decrease in the pollution caused by cars.", "All trains will burn less fuel than present."]], "questions": ["We know from the passage that governments and car manufactures  _  .", "Which of the following will be the characteristic of transport in 2020?", "Davis believes that the present car culture will change because  _  .", "Which of the following sentences can explain \"better use of roads\"by 2020 mentioned in the passage?", "What will happen if cars are linked to each other electronically in 2020?"], "article": "In many parts of the world, cars play an important role in daily life and many societies would not exist without them. So the idea that in 20 years' time, no one will own cars may be hard to believe. But this is the prediction made by a team of transport researchers who are taken seriously, not only by government but also by car manufacturers.\nThe Human Science and Advanced Technology Institute at Loughborough in the UK is part of an international research program. The team there believes that by 2020 all cars will be computerized. That will mean much saving, no accidents and better use of roads. The super-intelligent car in the future will drive itself.  And it will not be owned by one individual. Instead, we will have a choice of cars and change them as frequently as we change our clothing.\nAccording to Dr. David Davis, who leads the research team, these predictions are based on the rising cost of the car culture, which had blocked up our cities, polluted our air, and caused more deaths than both world wars put together.\nDavis says, cars will be fitted with some intelligent devices  to regulate  the distance between one car and another. The car will automatically speed up, or slow down, to match the speed of the car in front. computers are much safer drivers than people, so cars in a road train will be able to drive much closer together than cars driven by people.\nBy 2016, Dr. David Davis believes, car technology will give motorists a clear view of the road, whatever the weather conditions, by projecting an image of the road ahead on to the car's windscreen. And by 2020, cars will travel in line, linked to each other electronically. Cars will be connected by an electronic tow bar to the car in front to form \"road-trains\". \"The front vehicle in such a train burns the normal amount.\"says Davis. \"but all the others in the train would burn about ten percent of the normal amount,  and so produce about ten percent of the pollution.\"", "id": "high7629.txt"}