{"answers": ["D", "B", "A"], "options": [["unreal", "unbelievable", "achievable", "limited"], ["the law", "self-control", "ethical rules", "common sense"], ["National service should be canceled.", "People can do whatever they want.", "The government should have more power.", "They should be governed by the government."]], "questions": ["The author takes tax-collecting as an example in the passage to prove that freedom is   _  .", "In the opinion of libertarians, freedom is realized mainly by   _  .", "Which of the following statements is supported by libertarians according to the passage?"], "article": "What is freedom? It seems like such a simple question. Freedom is being able to do what you want to do. Allow me to explain it.\nI'm tired of working for a living. I'd rather collect taxes. So that's what I'm going to do: collect a kind of tax. You are ordered to estimate your income from the past 12 months, and write me a check for 1%. I have provided a mailing address for this purpose on my contact page ...\nWhat? You have a problem with my plan? Oh, I see. If you have to send me a check for the tax, then I have hurt your freedom to spend that money as you see fit. We have a conflict! And our basic problem is: we cannot enjoy freedom at the same time; we must settle for a limit. But what limit?\nLibertarians   believe freedom should be based on self-control. They describe freedom as being able to do what you want to do as long as it doesn't influence the equal right of others to do what they want to do. That is, freedom is being able to do what you like as long as you do not harm another person's life, liberty or property.\nYou can build a set of legal and ethical   rules on the principle of self-control, and libertarians do. Their request for self-control often becomes more important than common sense, or even freedom itself.\nThe definition rules out the freedom to steal, murder, and so on. Otherwise, you can do whatever you want. There is no problem until you realize that taxation is theft, that war is murder, and that national service is a form of slavery. Since only the government has a legal right to use force, libertarians focus on making the government smaller, or even going without it. The libertarians' definition of freedom is thus freedom from the government. Isn't it ridiculous?", "id": "high7634.txt"}