{"answers": ["C", "D", "B"], "options": [["she was asked to do research on mice", "she wanted to experience loneliness", "she was the subject of a study", "she needed to record her life"], ["Eating fewer meals.", "Having more hours of sleep", "Lacking physical exercise.", "Getting no natural light."], ["A novel", "A news story", "A pet magazine", "A travel guide"]], "questions": ["Stefania stayed in the cave for a long time because  _  .", "What is a cause for the change of Stefania's body clock?", "Where does the text probably come from?"], "article": "On May 23,1989, Stefania Follini came out from a cave at Carlsbad, New Mexico. She hadn't seen the sun for eighteen and a half weeks. Stefania was in a research program, and the scientists in the program were studying body rhythms  . In this experiment Stefania had spent 130 days in a cave, 30 feet in depth.\nDuring her time in the cave, Stefania had been completely alone except for two white mice. Her living place had been very comfortable, but there had been nothing to fell her the time. She'd had no clock or watches, no television or radio. There had been no natural light and the temperature had always been kept at 21degC.\nThe results were very interesting. Stefania had been in the cave for over four months, but she thought she had been there for only two. Her body clock had changed. She hadn't kept to a 24-hour day. She had stayed awake for 20-25 hours and then had slept for 10 hours. She had eaten fewer meals and had lost 17lbs in weight as a result! She had also become rather depressed  .\nHow had she spent her time in the cave? As part of the experiment she'd done some physical and mental tests. She'd recorded her daily activities and the results of the tests on a computer. This computer had been specially programmed for the project. Whenever she was free, she'd played cards, read books and listened to music. She'd also learned French from tapes.\nThe experiment showed that our body clocks are affected by light and temperature, For example, the pattern of day and night makes us wake up and go to sleep. However, People are affected in different ways. Some people wake up naturally at 5:00 am, but others don't start to wake up till 9:00 or 10;00 am. This affects the whole daily rhythm. As a result, the early risers are at their best in the late morning. The late risers, on the other hand, are tired during the day and only come to life in the afternoon or evening!", "id": "high7638.txt"}