{"answers": ["C", "A", "B", "A"], "options": [["The dead people's sacrifices in ancient China.", "China's archaeological studies.", "The discovery of a large chariot pit in Henan.", "The history of Chinese civilizations."], ["it shows there may be a tomb group there", "it's helpful in discovering Emperor Qinshihuang's tomb", "the relics are dated such a long time ago", "the relics are more than 300 years older than the ones in Shaanxi"], ["another 40 horses are likely to be found as well", "the whole uncovering could be destroyed easily", "experts are too busy to spare time for it", "the government hasn't agreed to it"], ["The discovery has drawn the leading experts' attention.", "A lot of cultural relics have been discovered in Henan.", "40 horses have been discovered together with the chariot pit.", "The discovered carts in the chariot pit are similar in size."]], "questions": ["What's the passage mainly about?", "According to Ma Juncai, the uncovering of the three pits is a miracle because   _  .", "Careful plans for the uncovering are needed because   _  .", "Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage?"], "article": "The largest-ever chariot pit   of relics with carts and horse bones has been discovered in Henan Province. It may lead to the uncovering of chariot pit groups that could be a key to understanding Chinese civilizations that existed more than 2,000 years ago.\nExperts said the relics are dated more than 300 years earlier than the famous warriors   in Shaanxi Province. What excited the experts were two other projects that located two huge pits with similar features.\n\"It is absolutely a miracle. These relics indicate that there could be a tomb group in this area, which is likely to be important for China's archaeological   studies,\" said Ma Juncai, a leading relic researcher in the province.\nIn ancient China, carts, sheep, spoons and so on were buried to ensure that dead people had a happy afterlife. The number and quality of the sacrifices indicated the social status of the dead. The custom was carried into the Qin Dynasty. Emperor Qinshihuang's tomb, located near Xi'an, the capital of Shaanxi Province, is accompanied by thousands of wood or clay figures of warriors and horses. The tomb is probably the most well-known.\nThe discovered pit measures 10.4 meters long, 8.4 meters wide and 5 meters deep. It holds 20 carts in different sizes. The smallest one is 1.05 meters long and 1.3 meters wide.\nExperts think that 40 horses are likely to be found as well. Careful plans need to be made to deal with the demanding uncovering. \"The clay is very weak and a small misstep can destroy the whole project. That's why we need to take every step very carefully to protect these cherished cultural relics,\" Ma said.", "id": "high7642.txt"}