{"answers": ["B", "A", "D", "C"], "options": [["indoor air pollution can often make people seriously ill", "man-made building materials give off dangerous gases", "there may be more harmful gases outside the buildings", "the air indoors is polluted, which is very harmful"], ["every modern house", "every old house", "all kinds of houses", "all kinds of offices"], ["the limit of the flow of air between inside and outside", "the building way that the builders want to save energy", "the building things that are made of man-made materials", "the man-made building materials and the limit of air-flow"], ["plants can let out all kinds of pollutants indoors", "plants may take in more oxygen  which people need", "plants can absorb all kinds of harmful indoor chemicals", "plants can make our houses prettier and more healthy"]], "questions": ["Generally speaking, indoor air pollution may be more harmful than the air outside because  _  .", "Some kind of indoor pollution can be found in  _  .", "The indoor air pollution is caused by  _  .", "The reason why we should use different kinds of plants to clean the air is that"], "article": "For years scientists have been worried about the effects of air pollution on the earth's natural conditions. Some believe the air inside many houses may be more dangerous than the air outside. It may be one hundred times worse.\nIndoor air pollution can cause a person to feel tired, to suffer eye pain, headache and other problems. Some pollutants can cause breathing disorders, diseases of blood and even cancer. Most scientists agree that every modern house has some kind of indoor pollution.\nPeople have paid more attention to the problem now. It is true that when builders began making houses and offices they did not waste energy. To do this they build buildings that limited the flow of air between inside and outside. They also began using man-made building materials. These materials are now known to let out harmful gases.\nAs the problem became more serious, scientists began searching for a way to deal with it. They discovered a natural pollution control system for building--green plants. Scientists do not really know how plants control air pollution. They believe that a plant's leaves absorb or take in the pollutants. In exchange the plant lets out oxygen through its leaves and tiny organizations on its roots. Scientists suggest that all buildings should have one large plant or several small plants inside for every nine square meters of space. Studies of different plants show that each absorbs different chemicals. So the most effective way to clean the air is to use different kinds of plants. Having green plants inside your house can make it a prettier and healthier place.", "id": "high7654.txt"}