{"answers": ["A", "B"], "options": [["It will not be difficult for people to travel to other plants.", "Our environment will be much polluted with a growing number of cars.", "The way of spending holidays will be the same as that of today", "The relationship between people will be more important than today."], ["What high technology will appear in the year 2050.", "What our life will be like in the year 2050.", "How people will communicate in the year 2050.", "How people will travel and spend their holidays in the year 2050."]], "questions": ["According to the passage, which of the following will happen in 2050?", "What does the passage mainly talk about?"], "article": "We don't know how different our life in the future. We can only try to imagine it.\nAt first we think about human relationship. In the year 2050, we will use computers almost every day, we will be making new friends through the Internet--- even our husbands or wives will be met in this way. It will be much faster and easier for us. On the other hand, our relationships with people won't be as important as they are today--- we will feel a little lonely.\nComputers will also help us in many other activities in 2050. For example, they will be used by the children at school to make their learning easier. In addition, there will be more other machines which will play a similar role as computers, like robots which will do the housework for us.\nSpending holidays will also be completely different. Traveling to other planets or to the moon will be available for everyone. Means of transport will, of course, change, too. We will be using solar-powered cars, which will be much environmentally friendly.\nWe could expect that the faster economic development would lead to a more polluted environment. But it isn't true. We will pay more attention to protecting the environment. Scientists will probably find cures for many dangerous diseases, like cancer or AIDS. Therefore, our surroundings as well as health will be in better condition.\nAlthough we cannot predict the exact changes which will be made in the world, we often think about them. We worry about our and our children's future; we have expectation, hopes as well as fears. But I think we should be rather _ about our future. We should be happy and believe good things will happen.", "id": "high7656.txt"}