{"answers": ["D", "C", "D", "A", "D"], "options": [["they will try to find suitable people", "they will look for the right applicants", "the wrong applicants are to be turned down", "to turn down the wrong people is what they say they aim to do"], ["to evaluate a right person is more difficult than to evaluate equipment", "employers are more successful in selecting the right equipment than the right persons", "criteria will be set up according to the real situation of the applicants", "resumes means application forms"], ["consult the applicants", "can find suitable people", "prefer resumes or references", "use different ways to sort out the unsuitable applicants"], ["Employers get different conclusions from the facts.", "Changing jobs frequently will reduce the chance to be recruited.", "Academic qualifications will guarantee the applicant managing ability.", "Handwriting is a valid way to evaluate an applicant."], ["have outstanding references", "are strong in emotional quotient", "take interviewing seriously", "have strong political leanings"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, when most employers want to hire workers,  _  .", "It is implied that  _  .", "Most of the recruiters    _  .", "Which of the following is TRUE?", "It can be inferred from the passage that successful employees will be those who  _  ."], "article": "Most employers say that they wish to employ the right person for the right job. A recent report by Britain's Independent Institute of Manpower Studies, however, disagrees with this. The report states that most employers wish to avoid employing the wrong person. Rather than looking for the right person, they are looking for applicants to turn down.\nThe report also suggests that in Britain and in many other parts of the world the selection methods used to pick out the right person for the job certainly do not match up to those used to judge a piece of new equipment. Employers used three main selection methods: interviewing, checking resume or application forms and examining references. Most of the employers asked in this survey stated that these selection methods were used more for weeding out unsuitable applicants rather than for finding suitable ones.\nInterviews were considered to be more reliable than either resume checks or references from past employers. Research, however, proves otherwise. Interviewers' decisions are often strongly influenced by their earlier judgment of the written application. Also different employers view facts differently. One may consider applicants who have frequently changed jobs as people with broad and useful experience. Another will see such applicants as unreliable and unlikely to stay for long in the new job.\nSome employers place great importance on academic qualifications whereas the link between this and success in management is not necessarily strong. Some employers use handwriting as a standard. The report states that there is little evidence to support the value of the letter for judging working ability. References, also, are sometimes unreliable as they are not very important while checks on credit and security records and applicants' political opinions are often the opposite.\nThe report is more favorable towards trainability tests and those which test personality and personal and mental skills. The report concludes by suggesting that interviewing could become more reliable if the questions were arranged in a careful, organized system and focused on the needs of the employing organization.", "id": "high7661.txt"}