{"answers": ["B", "B", "D"], "options": [["sometimes things may happen because of luck", "with tests in life, we shape our personalities", "we shouldn't let other people affect us", "life with those small tests can be dull"], ["just let it go", "forgive them and learn from the lesson", "teach them how to love", "give them a lesson"], ["How to face obstacles", "Love those around you", "Learn to forget and forgive", "Create your own life"]], "questions": ["The author may agree that   _  .", "If someone betrays you and hurts you, you should   _  .", "What's the best title of the passage?"], "article": "Sometimes people come into your life and they were meant to be there, to serve some sort of purpose, teach you a lesson, or to help you figure out who you are or who you want to become. You never know who these people may be-----a roommate, a neighbor, a professor, a friend, a lover or even a complete stranger------but when you lock eyes with them, you know at the very moment they will affect your life in some profound  way.\nSometimes things happen to you that may seem horrible, painful, and unfair at first, but in reflection , you find that without overcoming those obstacles , you would have never realized your potential, strength, willpower, or heart. Every thing happens for a reason. Nothing happens by chance or by means of good or bad luck. Illness, injury, lost moments of true greatness, and pure stupidity all occur to test the limits of your soul. Without these small tests, whatever they may be, life would be like a smoothly paved straight flat road to nowhere. It would be safe and comfortable, but dull and utterly pointless.\nThe people you meet who affect your life, and the success and downfalls you experience, help to create who you are and who you want to become. Even the bad experience can be learned from. In fact, they are sometimes the most important ones. If someone loves you, give love back to them in whatever way you can, not only because they love you, but because in a way, they are teaching you to love and how to open your heart and eyes to things. If someone hurts you, betrays you, or breaks your heart, forgive them, for they have helped you learn about trust and the importance of being cautious to whom you open your heart.\n _ . Appreciate every moment and take from those moments everything that you possibly can for you may never be able to experience it again. Talk to people that you have never talked to before, and listen to what they say. Let yourself fall in love, break free and set your sights high. Hold your head up because you have every right to. Tell yourself you are a great individual and believe in yourself, for if you don't believe in yourself, it will be hard for others to believe in you.", "id": "high7663.txt"}