{"answers": ["D", "C", "B", "B"], "options": [["The new industries they want to introduce do not cause much pollution.", "Pollution is not a serious problem for developing countries.", "They don't realize the balance of nature will be destroyed by some pollutants.", "If they put stricter controls on industry, fewer companies would build new plants in developing countries."], ["To show that industry can develop very fast in developing countries.", "To show that the pollution problem in Brazil is extremely serious.", "To show that industrial growth can cause pollution problems for developing countries.", "To show that pollution is killing many people and destroying the whole economy of Brazil."], ["There are more heart diseases among people who live near chemical factories.", "More people suffer from lung diseases because of poisonous matter.", "Their health is affected by pollutants the same way as that of other Brazilians.", "Babies there are found not as bright as those who live in other places."], ["The investment  environment in Brazil is suitable for them.", "They will not be severely punished if they cause pollution in Brazil.", "They can make much money because they do not have to pay Brazilian workers much.", "They can act in an irresponsible  way in Brazil because there are no pollution laws there."]], "questions": ["Why don't developing countries have strict pollution controls?", "What is the author's purpose in taking Cubatao as an example?", "How is the health of the population of Cubatao?", "Why do some foreign companies like to set up their plants in Brazil?"], "article": "Industrial pollution is not only a problem for the countries of Europe and North America but also an extremely serious problem in some developing countries. For these countries, economic growth is a very important aim. They want to introduce industries, and so they put few controls on the industries which cause pollution.\nCubatao, an industrial town of 85 000 people in Brazil, is an example of the connection between industrial development and pollution. In 1954, Cubatao had no industry. Today it has more than twenty large factories, which produce many pollutants . The people of the town are suffering from the poisonous matter in their environment and the bad effects can be clearly seen. Birth shortcomings are extremely common. Among children and adults, lung problems are sometimes twelve times more common in Cubatao than in other places.\nIt is true that Brazil, like many other countries, has laws against pollution, but these laws are not enforced strictly enough. It is cheaper for companies to take no notice of the laws and pay the fines  than to buy the expensive equipment that will reduce the pollution. It is clear, therefore, that economic growth is more important to the government than to the health of the workers. However, the responsibility  does not completely lie with the Brazilian government. The example of Cubatao shows that international companies are not acting in a responsible way either. A number of the factories in the town are owned by large companies from France, Italy, and the U. S. They are doing things in Brazil that they would not be able to do at home. If they caused the same amount of pollution at home, they would be severely  punished or even put out of business.", "id": "high7694.txt"}