{"answers": ["C", "D", "B", "C", "A"], "options": [["One kilogram", "Fifteen kilograms", "Fifty kilograms", "Forty kilograms"], ["Sweden", "America", "England", "A, B and C"], ["2000 years ago", "In 1100", "In 1500", "In 1900"], ["Because they are so poor that they can buy only paper boots", "Because there are no other kinds of boots there", "Because paper boots are warmer than anything else there", "Because paper boots are so nice that they don't like other kinds"], ["Paper and Its Uses", "Paper and Its History", "Paper Was First Made in China", "How Much Paper Is Used in A Year"]], "questions": ["How much paper does each person use in a year in some countries now?", "_   use more paper than other countries.", "When was paper first made in southern Europe?", "Why do farmers in Finland wear paper boots in the snow?", "What should the best title of passage be?"], "article": "How much paper do you use every year? Maybe you can't answer this question quickly. In 1900 the world's use of paper was about one kilogram for each person in a year. Now some countries use 50 kilograms of paper for each person in a year. But countries like America, England and Sweden certainly use more paper than other countries.\nPaper was first made in China about 2000 years ago. It was made from the hair-like parts of certain plants. Paper was not made in southern Europe until about the year 1100. In 1500, a German named Schaeffer found out that one could make the best paper from trees. After that the forest countries of Canada, Sweden, America, Finland became the most important ones in paper making.\nWhen we think of paper, we think of newspapers, books and writing paper. But there are many other uses. Only half of the paper is used for books and things like that. Paper is very good for keeping you warm. Houses are often insulated(,  ) with paper. You may see some men asleep on a large number of newspapers. They're insulating themselves from the cold. In Finland the temperature is sometimes -40 centigrade (C). The farmers wear paper boots in the snow. Nothing could be warmer.\nEach year more and more things are made of paper. We have had paper cups and plates for a long time. But now we hear that chairs, tables and even beds can be made of paper. With paper boots and shoes, you can wear paper hats, paper dresses and paper raincoats. When you have used them away and buy new ones. People have made paper boats, but they haven't made paper planes or cars. Just wait they perhaps will.", "id": "high7702.txt"}