{"answers": ["C", "B", "A"], "options": [["men seldom shake hands", "women often shake hands", "a woman decides if she will shake hands with a man", "a man decides if he will shake hands with a woman"], ["How to visit an American family", "When American women's movement started", "American women are independent", "Non-smokers hate smoking in public places"], ["None of Americans want people to smoke or drink in their houses.", "Many Americans don't smoke or drink.", "Many special areas for smokers have been set up in the U.S..", "It's best to ask before you smoke in America."]], "questions": [".When American people are introduced to each other,   _  .", "_  is not mentioned in the passage.", "Which one is not right?"], "article": "When people in the U. S. have company or when they're invited to (formal or informal) get-togethers, they usually make a point of trying to make others feel comfortable and relaxed. On the whole, they tend to be informal. Men shake hands, but usually only when they're introduced. Male friends and business associated   who haven' t seen each other in a while may shake hands when they say hello. Women usually don't shake hands when being introduced to each other. When a woman and man are introduced, shaking hands is up to the woman. Americans rarely shake hands to say goodbye, except on business occasions. American women are used to being independent. They are used to going to places by themselves, making their own money, and often living alone. Sometimes they will ask men for help, but they usually don\" t want to be protected. Since the women's movement started, it's not always clear whether women expect men to open doors or help them into their coats. American women may start conversations with men or even ask them to dance.\nThere are a lot of Americans who don't smoke or drink, and many who don't want people to do those things in their houses. It\" s always best to ask for permission before you bring alcohol to a dinner or before you light up a cigarette, if you are with people you don't know very well. Non-smokers have become more militant   about smoking in public places. Many restaurants, for example, have set up special areas for smokers.\nHouseguests may bring gifts when they come to visit, and they often offer to help in some way. As a guest, you may want to ask your host or hostess if there's anything you can do to help in the kitchen. In many cases, _ .", "id": "high7706.txt"}