{"answers": ["D", "C", "A", "B"], "options": [["means the color of food is green", "mainly refers to green vegetables", "doesn't need to be fertilized", "is examined by a series of standards"], ["Green food must not cause ecological destruction.", "Green food should agree with green food operating procedures.", "Green food itself should be labeled with special packing decoration.", "Green food should meet the green food hygiene standard."], ["which governs agriculture", "which sells food and vegetables", "which plants green food", "which examines food standards"], ["Green food and health", "The green food project", "The future of green food", "The regulations of green food"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, we know that green food   _  .", "Which of the following isn't the required standard green food must reach?", "According to the passage, we know the Ministry of Agriculture is a department   _  .", "The best title for this passage probably is   _  ."], "article": "What is green food? Do you enjoy green food every day? The concept of \"green food\" was first suggested by the Department of the Ministry of Agriculture in 1990.\nGreen symbolizes life, health and energy. Nowadays, people demand healthy and fresh food. Having enough food to eat is only a basic requirement, and they need more than this. They want to enjoy unpolluted, safe and nutritious food and eat comfortably. So the government does this through a set of \"from the land to the dinner table\" quality controls. It requires to change China's traditional agricultural structures and ensure the food of high quality.\nSafe vegetables refers to products without substances harmful to humans. Growing such vegetables requires no strong poisons, thus guaranteeing vegetables fresh and clean. There are strict regulations in place for even applying fertilizer . The examination of vegetables should reach the state food hygiene  standard. The following conditions for green food are regulated by the China Green Food Development Center. Firstly, products or raw materials must reach the green ecological environment standard set by the Ministry of Agriculture. Secondly, crop planting, livestock raising, fish breeding and food processing must follow green food operating procedures set by the Ministry. Products must be up to the green food hygiene standard. External packing must be pasted with national standard universal labels, special green food packing decoration and tag regulations.\nHowever, by now, our goal hasn't been completely realized. When you return home with a full basket, you are still worried about whether what you have bought is green and healthy. Indeed, for the sake of our health, we still have a long way to go.", "id": "high7712.txt"}