{"answers": ["A", "A", "C", "B"], "options": [["Decoding the blueprint of life", "Super Science High School", "More students hoping to become biologists", "Hi-tech experimental laboratory"], ["hi-tech experimental facilities", "the great pressure their school put on them", "the increasing number of biologists", "little interest in their regular school work"], ["become an English textbook", "help the students make English friends", "make the results known by the whole world", "challenge foreign scientists"], ["indifferent", "admiring", "slighting", "disappointed"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is the most suitable title for the passage?", "Up to a point, their success is due to   _  .", "The research paper will be put into English in order to   _  .", "The author's attitude towards those students who have accomplished a world first in DNA decoding is   _  ."], "article": "A high school in Hiroshima City has been the first to do something with DNA in the world. Its students have won praise not only for doing this research but also for presenting their findings to groups of expert scientists. The school is one of the Super Science High Schools allowed by the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science, and Technology, where students are given an opportunity to study science at an advanced level. Here, students use the same type of hitech experimental laboratories as those found at universities. In these labs, they conduct experiments and research in new fields of study not found in textbooks. As part of this science course, the students, with the help of Hiroshima University, used a machine called sequencer  , and over the course of a year and a half they succeeded in decoding   the DNA. They then presented their results to academic groups. Achieving a world first might sound very wonderful, but the process of decoding the DNA involved very hard work. The students were also responsible for maintaining the equipment, and they had to read difficult research papers and put in extra study beyond their regular schoolwork.\n\"Researchers need to work hard. The work was tiring, but the students worked toward their ambitious goal of achieving a world first. They have a great sense of achievement, and the number of students who hope to become biologists has increased,\" said Taruma Akinori, who is in charge of the science course.\nIn addition to the results being added to the scientific community, the students' research paper will be translated into English and made available overseas. Moreover, the students have decided to take on a new challenge in DNA decoding.", "id": "high7713.txt"}