{"answers": ["C", "B", "D"], "options": [["Not smoking or drinking guarantees happiness.", "Teens with flooding hormones can not be happy.", "Playing sports can decrease teen's unhappiness.", "Unhappiness can certainly result in smoking and drinking."], ["Smoking and drinking.", "Taking exercise.", "Eating junk food.", "Going on a diet."], ["Ways to treat anxiety and depression.", "Exercise and teenagers' health.", "Teenagers shouldn't drink or smoke.", "Teenagers' lifestyle and their happiness."]], "questions": ["What can we learn from the text?", "Which of the following might help teens quit anxiety?", "Which can be the best title for the text?"], "article": "Teenagers are often a difficult group. With all those hormones  flooding their bodies, they can be moody, unpredictable, and tend to make uncertain choices. But however confusing their teenage years are, kids can still be generally happy, depending on their lifestyle choices. According to a new research by British scientists, teens who don't smoke, drink only moderately or not at all, and who don't eat much junk food are likely to be happier than other teens.\nThe study looked at 40,000 British families and came up with some interesting findings. For example, kids who never drank alcohol were up to six times more likely to report higher levels of happiness than kids who drank. And teens who smoked were five times less likely to rate high on happiness charts compared to kids who don't smoke. Same goes for diet and physical activity. The more fruits and vegetables kids eat, and the more hours they spend playing sports, the happier they are.\nNow, of course this doesn't mean that not smoking or drinking, and playing sports guarantees happiness. It could be that kids who have happy character tend to be more active and less addicted to drinking or smoking. And it could equally be the case that kids who are unhappy are more related to drinking and smoking and eating junk food.\nOther studies have shown that exercise is a proven way to treat anxiety and depression. Future studies may support the idea that other healthful behaviors, including refraining  from smoking, drinking, and eating too much junk, can avoid sadness and increase happiness, too.", "id": "high7727.txt"}