{"answers": ["D", "C", "A", "B"], "options": [["A person earning low income.", "A person who has heavy tax burden.", "A youth who cannot get parental support.", "A youth returning to parents after graduation."], ["National insurance.", "Income tax.", "Council income.", "Student loans."], ["Those who haven't completed their university studies.", "Those who are supported through by their parents.", "Those who can have access to the urban facilities.", "Those who were born into the well-off families."], ["Global Recession", "Boomerang Kids", "Unemployment Rate", "Falling Incomes"]], "questions": ["What is the boomerang mentioned in the passage?", "According to the passage, which of the following does NOT contribute to the tax bill of most young graduates?", "Who is comparatively most affected by the recession according to the passage?", "Which is the best title of the passage?"], "article": "Normally when I pop in to see my parents, my mum bursts out of the house with a big smile. Not today. \"Your brother,\" she says, \"he's showered twice this afternoon. Does he know how much it costs to run this house?\" Are we limiting water now? I didn't think the recession  had got that bad. My poor brother is a boomerang kid. Like 60 percent of guys immediately after university, he's back at home. Graduating PS15,000 in debt and faced with unpaid internships  or low wages thanks to the flooding of the market with graduates, a lot of twenty some things simply don't have the necessary income or parental support to live independently.\nThree years after getting their degree, most graduates are still not earning above the average salary. They have a near 50 percent tax burden, thanks to student loan repayments and council tax on top of income tax and national insurance. Unless you have parents who can afford to finance what is effectively a second home for them, returning to the parental nest is often the only affordable option.\nThe boomerang effect is becoming even more pronounced thanks to the recession. One in four of those losing their job during the downturn is under 25. Only 13 percent of final-year students have jobs. Home is the only place many are going: 111,000 16-29 year olds moved back home in 2008, five times the average of previous years.\nBoomeranging is bad news. It poses serious problems for parents' finances. They've already supported their children through university, topping up loans with handouts, averaging PS12,300 in total, to keep twenty somethings afloat. Now their retirement savings are being eaten away by continuously dependent children.\nIt's bad for the returning kids too. Ambitious young people will be left frustrated, seeing their university peers from more wealthy backgrounds excel only because parents' money was there to support them through the initial period of poverty wages. Those living in rural areas are further disadvantaged by lack of access to cities where most new jobs are located. Half of all young people now feel they will not achieve their goals. Research by the Prince's Trust reveals that one-quarter of all 16-25 year olds are regularly down or depressed. And depression does not help self-motivation, the very trait needed to seek out job opportunities.", "id": "high773.txt"}