{"answers": ["D", "B", "C"], "options": [["The author's brother liked learning Vietnamese.", "The author's mother taught him English at home.", "The author's mother put her sons in a language school in Vietnam.", "The author didn't like learning Vietnamese when he was young."], ["his Vietnamese was not beautiful enough", "his grandma spoke Vietnamese loudly in public", "he could not fly kites like other kids at school", "his mother always treated him rudely in the market"], ["It is important to adapt to a new environment.", "It is important to remember your childhood.", "It is important to appreciate your own culture.", "It is important to learn a foreign language."]], "questions": ["What can be learned from the passage?", "The author often felt embarrassed because   _  .", "What's the theme of the passage?"], "article": "It's still there, the Vietnamese school where my brother and I used to go. Even with a new coat of paint and the high wire fence, the school I knew ten years ago remains the same.\nEvery day at 5 p.m., instead of flying kites with our friends, my brother and I had to go to Vietnamese school. No amount of kicking, screaming, or arguing could stop my mother, who was determined to have us learn the language of our culture. She held us by the collar and walked with us the seven long, hilly blocks from our home to school, leaving our tearful faces before the front of the school.\nWe all sat in little chairs in a big empty room, which had a slight smell of old clothes that had been stored for a long time. I hated that smell. There was a stage far to the right, with an American flag on one side and the flag of the Republic of Vietnam on the other side.\nAlthough the school mainly taught language ---- speaking, reading, dictation ---- the lessons always began with an exercise in politeness. With the entrance of the teacher, the best student would tap a bell and everyone would get up, and say in Vietnamese, \"How are you, teacher?\"\nThe language always made me embarrassed. More often than not, I had tried to separate myself from the loud voice that followed me whenever I went to the American supermarket outside our area. The voice belonged to my grandmother, a small old woman who could shout louder than anyone on the street. Her Vietnamese was quick, it was loud, and it was not beautiful.\nIn our area, the comings and goings of hundreds of Vietnamese on their daily tasks sounded crazy. I did not want to be thought of as being mad, as talking stupid. When I spoke English, people nodded at me, smiled and encouraged me. Even Vietnamese people would laugh and say that I'd do well in life.\nMy brother was even stricter than I about speaking English. He was especially cruel towards my mother, scolding her for her poor English. Bits of Vietnamese were often mixed in her conversation.\nAfter two years of struggle, I finally divorced my culture. I was permitted to stop Vietnamese school. I thought of myself as American. At last, I thought I was one of you; I wasn't one of them.\nSadly, I am only an American.", "id": "high7730.txt"}