{"answers": ["B", "D"], "options": [["The Wind in the Willows.", "Just So Stories.", "Treasure Island.", "The Lord of the Rings."], ["Treasure Island was written a long time ago.", "Roald Dahi's Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is a light-hearted book.", "The Lord of the Rings was published earlier than Harry Potter.", "Jim Hawkins wrote Treasure Island."]], "questions": ["In which book would you expect to find the chapter \"How the tiger got his stripes?\"", "Which of the following statements is NOT mentioned in the passage?"], "article": "Have you come across much western children's literature?\nMost English speaking children grow up with the same delightful set of fictional   characters. The Winnie the Pooh stories involve a strange selections of animals such as a kangaroo, a pig, a donkey, a tiger, an owl and a bear, who live together in a wood, leading fairy ordinary lives. Far more exciting and dangerous events take place in The Wind in the Willows, the story of the foolish Mr. Toad and all his adventures.\nTalking animals is also the main characters in The Jungle Book and the Just So Stories. In the latter we find lots of imaginative explanations as to why the world is like what it is.\nFar more laughter comes from Roald Dahi's Charlie and the Chocolate Factory. Whillie Wonka is the perfect adult in the eyes of children with all his clever ideas and endless supply of sweets. Also much loved is Bilbo Baggins, the funny little rabbit, who ends up having adventures with wolves and dragons. Of course, the stories go on in the much more serious The Lord of the Rings, better read a few years later. A new star in the world of magic and children's fiction is Harry Potter, the schoolboy who learns spells rather than maths. Adventures books remain popular, too. Although well over a century old now, Treasure Island is still an _ story with young Jim Hawkins dealing with secret maps and pirates. Such books make childhood a time of wonder and imagination.", "id": "high7736.txt"}