{"answers": ["C", "B", "A"], "options": [["collect as many records of old beliefs and practices as possible", "compare the present customs with those of the olden times", "criticize the old beliefs and superstitions as silly or childish", "find out the purpose the certain beliefs and practices serve or used to serve"], ["The customs which do not appear practical mean nothing to most people.", "The reasons for certain customs may change in the course of history.", "People who practice customs are quite familiar with their origins.", "The wedding customs in China and Palestine are of great similarity."], ["What Does Folklore Really Mean?", "How Do People Keep Up Customs?", "Who Studies Tales And Traditions?", "When Did Some Old Beliefs Begin?"]], "questions": ["It is most unlikely for people who study folklore to   _  .", "Which of the following statements is true about customs?", "What would be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "Folklore is the branch of the study of man which deals with local customs, tales and traditions. Everybody is a storehouse of folklore, though not everybody realizes it. Often, in deed, those who have never heard the word folklore have the greatest store of it, for the people with least book education commonly cherish most firmly old ideas and superstitions   which have been passed on by word of mouth for generations. Everyone has heard stories of ghosts, witches, fairies, and giants. We all know some proverbs and have come across such ideas as, for example, that it is lucky to see black cat and unlucky to see a single magpie  . We keep certain seasons of the year as festivals, such as Christmas, and we are familiar with the special customs connected with weddings and funerals. All such things are of interest to those who study folklore.\nPeople who study folklore won't criticize the old beliefs and practices they come across as silly, childish, or old-fashioned. Instead, they will try to collect accurate records of them and then see how these are connected with other ideas and customs of other places or times. By comparing with what is known of olden times or the folklore of other countries, they try to discover how certain beliefs and practices came into being, and what purpose _ serve now or used to serve in the past.\nOften we find that the beliefs which seem most peculiar and unreasonable, and the customs which appear least practical, are of the greatest interest and importance because they are commonly the oldest. Sometimes they were part of an ancient ritual   or served a useful purpose when people's way of life was different from what it is now. So we not only learn about what people thought and did in the past but are better able to understand present customs. People often keep up customs when they have forgotten the original reason for them, and in the course of time a fresh reason gets attached to the custom. Thus, when some joker ties an old shoe to the back of the taxi taking the bride and bridegroom to the station for their honeymoon, he would say it was \"for luck\", but actually a shoe is an old fertility   symbol and has a place in the wedding customs of China and Palestine.", "id": "high7754.txt"}