{"answers": ["A", "B", "D"], "options": [["How to dress properly in a business setting.", "How to choose appropriate attire.", "Appropriate attire will make a big difference", "Improper dress will make a person uncomfortable."], ["You can wear whatever you like.", "People are usually more careful about dressing.", "We can't judge a person's taste by his clothes.", "People's clothes don't receive much attention."], ["Dress a bit traditionally if you are not sure about proper dress for an occasion.", "Think about how others will dress if invited to a dinner.", "For a business meeting and a concert, you should dress differently.", "Ask others for advice when you are not sure about what to dress."]], "questions": ["What is the passage mainly about?", "Which statement best describes \"dress-down days\"?", "Which of the following is NOT the rule offered in the passage about business dress?"], "article": "Being less than perfectly well-dressed in a business setting can result in a feeling of discomfort. And the sad truth is that \"clothing mismatches\" on the job can ruin the day of the person who is wearing the inappropriateattire --and the people with whom he or she works.\nOffices vary when it comes to dress codes. Some businesses have very strict standards for office attire, while others maintain a more relaxed attitude. However, it is always important to remember that no matter what your company's attitude is, you are working in a business environment and you should dress properly. Certain items may be more appropriate for evening wear than for a business meeting, just as shorts and a T-shirt are better suited for the beach than for an office environment. Your attire should reflect both your environment and your position. A senior president has a different image to maintain than that of a secretary. Like it or not, you will be judged by your appearance.\nThis is never more apparent than on \"dress-down days\", when what you wear can say more about you than any business suit ever could. In fact, people will pay more attention to what you wear on dress-down days than on \"business professional \" days. Thus, when dressing in \"business casual\" clothes, try to put some good taste into your choices, recognize that the \"real\" definition of business casual is to dress just onenotch  down from what you would normally wear on business-professional attire days.\nRemember, there are borders between your career and our social life. You should dress one way for play and another way when you mean business. Always ask yourself where you are going and how other people will be dressed when you get there. Is the final destination the opera, the beach, or the office? Dress properly and you will discover the truth in the principle that clothes make the man--and the woman. When you're in doubt, it's safe to be on the side of dressing slightly more traditionally than the situation demands.", "id": "high777.txt"}