{"answers": ["B", "B", "C", "D"], "options": [["loves Americans", "has read about the writer's articles", "is an American", "knows little about Americans"], ["disagrees with Flowermouse", "thinks it possible for nations to be destroyed due to modern technology", "thinks American government share the same opinions with its people", "believes the weapons of great destruction are never used"], ["American culture", "American society", "Chinese-American relationships", "Chinese society"], ["introduce Americans to us", "make friends with Flowermouse", "speak for the government of America", "call on nations to understand each other"]], "questions": ["From the passage we can know that Flowermouse  _  .", "It is likely that the writer  _  .", "The letter that Flowermouse wrote to the writer, maybe have referred to .", "The writer's purpose to write the passage is to  _  ."], "article": "Dear Flowermouse,\nThank you for your comments on how Americans and Chinese view each other. This is an important subject. Modern technology has given many nations the chance of destroying other nations. This is a cruel picture but it is a realistic one. It means that every nation should make sure that these weapons of great destruction are never used. This requires greater acceptance of differences among people and nations in all parts of the planet.\nYour letter asks specially about Chinese-American relationships but I want to let you know my feelings on a global scale. Because China and America are the most powerful nations and I believe they have a special responsibility for promoting better understanding and for leading the way toward peaceful solutions to the world's problems.\nYou ask how Chinese and American people view each other. This is an important question. Because I know so little about China that I am not able to judge how Chinese view Americans. I am sure that the view differs according to individual experiences that persons might have. And it is not easy to describe America to foreigners. America is a vast mass of people and cultures. These people came from all parts of the world, from Asia, Africa, Latin America, Europe and Australia. Each brought a different culture and a different set of values within a single nation.\nI believe that the vast majority of Americans like the vast majority of Chinese want peace and friendship between our two nations. Both China and America have suffered through generations from war and violence in our history. And I believe that it is the special responsibility of all Chinese and all Americans to impress this need for mutual understanding on our neighbors in other.\nSo my friend, this is my response. Please know that I write to you as a private person living in America. I do feel strongly that people everywhere have more in common than they have in differences. We all share the same basic needs for existence and we all depend upon the same need for the survival of this beautiful planet earth. Maybe we can begin to encourage better communication and better understanding through my columns. I hope so.", "id": "high7771.txt"}