{"answers": ["D", "B", "C", "A"], "options": [["Parents bring up children.", "Parents give love and care to children.", "Parents educate children to be good persons.", "Parents pass away before children grow up."], ["Both festivals are in May.", "Fewer women worked outside the home in the past.", "Not all the children respect their parents.", "Fathers are not as important as mothers at home."], ["It only has two kinds of color.", "It refers to the special clothes people wear on Mother's Day.", "It's a kind of flower showing love and best wishes.", "People can wear them only on the second Sunday in May."], ["people usually have family parties", "everyone goes to the cemetery", "children always go to parents' home", "hand-made cards are the most valuable gifts"]], "questions": ["Which is not a reason for children to show love and respect for parents?", "What can we learn from the passage?", "What do you know about \"carnation\"?", "On Mother's Day and Father's Day   _  ."], "article": "People in the United States honor their parents with 2 special days: Mother's Day on the second Sunday in May and Father's Day on the 3rd Sunday in June. These days are to show love and respect for parents. They raise their children and educate them to be responsible citizens.They give love and care. These two days offer an opportunity to think about the changing roles of mothers and fathers. More mothers now work outside the home and more fathers must help with child-care.\nThese two special days are celebrated in many different ways. On Mother's Day, people wear carnations. A red one symbolizes a living mother. A white one shows that the mother is dead. Many people attend religious services to honor parents. It's also a day when people whose parents are dead visit the cemetery. On these days families get together at home as well as in restaurants. They often have outdoor barbecues for Father's Day. These are days of fun and good feelings and memories.\nAnother tradition is to give cards and gifts. Children make them in school. Many people make their own presents. These are more valued than those bought in stores. It's not the value of the gift that is important, but \"the thought that counts\". Greeting card stores,florists,candy makers, bakers, phone companies and other stores do lots of business during these holidays.", "id": "high7773.txt"}