{"answers": ["D", "D", "B"], "options": [["scientists", "overweight people", "patients", "student doctors"], ["is a bit difficult to understand.", "is mainly about how to lose weight.", "included tips on training football players.", "focuses on the importance of psychology in treatment"], ["research report", "introduction to a book", "advertisement for a book", "introduction to a psychologist"]], "questions": ["The bookPsychology for Medicine is mainly written for  _  .", "According to the text, the bookPsychology for Medicine  _  .", "We can infer that the text is a(n)   _  ."], "article": "Why does the rate of heart attacks increase during the World Cup football finals? How can we help an overweight patient to lose weight? They're just some of the topics covered in a new book by University of Sussex academics, which is helping student doctors to consider the importance of psychology in medical practice.\nPsychology for Medicineis the first textbook of its kind, providing medical trainees and new doctors with all the relevant psychological knowledge they need. Previously, students had to refer to many different books for the relevant psychology.\nThe book, by Sussex psychologists Dr. Sussex Ayers and Dr. Richard de Visser, has been well received by fellow academics and medical doctors and was finished with the help of the students and staff of the Brighton and Sussex Medical School. The studentsproofread  the chapters, provided ideas for the content and even modeled for the photographs. The book provides a solid grounding in psychological study relevant to medicine, along with practical tips and advice for practice. One student, Simon Hall, drew cartoons for the book.\nThe study psychology is important for doctors for a number of reasons. Psychological and physical symptoms are highly related. Up to a third of patients will have psychological disorders, while physical causes are usually only found in around 15 per cent of people's symptoms. In treatment, a lot of the effect drugs can be due to patients believing they will recover rather than the drug itself.\nDr. Ayers says, \"The important thing about this book is that it's applied science --- it shows why psychology is important to medicine and how we should use it. The book's presentation is really important. It's not just lots of theory, but full of tips and advice so that students can take what they learn in the classroom and apply it to real-life situations.\"", "id": "high778.txt"}