{"answers": ["B", "C", "D"], "options": [["depends on whether the snow is white enough", "makes no difference", "makes much difference", "depends on whether the snow is thick"], ["to clear the vision", "to make the eyes stop searching", "to make the vision unclear", "to produce more and more liquid"], ["by moving one's gaze back and forth", "by walking ahead and keeping looking around", "by making up for the discomfort of one's eyes", "by providing the eyes with something to focus on"]], "questions": ["To prevent snowblindness caused by the strong light from snow, wearing glasses or not   _  .", "When the eyes are tired, tears flow out   _  .", "Snowblindness can be avoided   _  ."], "article": "Many people believe the glare from snow causes snowblindness. Yet, with dark glasses or not, they find themselves suffering from headaches and watering eyes, and even snowblindness ,when exposed to several hours of\" snow light\".\nThe United States army has now determined that glare from snow does not cause snowblindness in troops in a snow -covered country. Rather ,a man's eyes frequently find nothing to focus on  in a broad space of snow- covered without- grass land. So his gaze continually moves and jumps back and forth over the entire landscape in search of something to look at. Finding something, hour after hour, the eyes never stop searching and the eyeballs become tired and the eye muscles ache. Nature makes up for this discomfort by producing more and more fluid   which covers the eyeball. The fluid covers the eyeball in increasing quantity until it makes eyes difficult to see dearly, and the result is total, even though for a short time, snowblindness.\nExperiments led the Army to a simple method of overcoming this problem. Scouts ahead of the troops are trained to shake snow from evergreen bushes, creating a dotted line as they cross completely snow - covered landscape. Even the scouts themselves throw lightweight, dark - colored objects ahead on which they can focus too. The men following can then see something. Their gaze is arrested. Their eyes focus on a bush and having found something to see, stop searching the snow -blanketed landscape. By focusing their attention on one object at a time. the men can cross the snow without becoming hopelessly snowblind or lost. In this way the problem of crossing a continuous white land is overcome.", "id": "high7799.txt"}