{"answers": ["D", "B", "C"], "options": [["she looked stupid when asking questions", "she didn't look like the coolest girl in her class", "she was not ready for change at all", "she couldn't get along well with her classmates"], ["By wearing make-up.", "By keeping smiling at Lucy.", "By wearing bell-bottom pants.", "By sitting beside Lucy in class."], ["Patience is important in making friends.", "Friendship needs to be cared for.", "Making friends means losing enemies.", "Kindness can defeat any enemy."]], "questions": ["When the author started at a new school in Iowa, she worried   _  .", "How did the author change Lucy's attitude towards her?", "What is the main idea of this passage?"], "article": "About five years ago I started at a new school when my family moved to Iowa. I was just a little ex-cited, but I worried I would never fit in with the other sixth graders.\nLucy, a girl in my class, who I thought was not ready for change, didn't like me from the start. In fact, I was pretty sure she hated me. I would ask her a question, and I could tell she thought I was a total fool.\nMy teacher made us sit by each other for the last term. Lucy was horrified  . I didn't wear make-up  , and I didn't wear those terrible bell-bottom pants. I didn't exactly look like the coolest girl. But, I kept smiling at her, though she rolled her eyes, and I kept telling her she looked beautiful, even when she was angry.\nFinally, Lucy let me talk to her, even in sight of her \"cool\" friends. She started telling me how beautiful I looked. I still remember that first time when she smiled at me saying that, and I smiled right back, telling her thanks. Lucy invited me over to her house for a party, and talked to me all the time instead of her other friends. Lucy, the girl who hated me, called me her best friend. After that, we still were good friends a whole year later.\nI may have moved to Arizona after that, but I will never forget Lucy. It's funny -- I still remember her birthday. She was a great friend. And to think, she considered me her enemy at first. Though it was hard, and it felt like I was wasting my time, and losing my dignity  , I still smiled at Lucy when she made fun of me. I'm not stupid, I didn't think she was right in doing those things, but I still put up with it. And we became great friends.\nAbout two weeks ago, I read a sentence by Abraham Lincoln: \"Am I not destroying my enemies when I make friends of them?\" Immediately, I smiled, thinking of Lucy. That sentence just reminded me how great it was for me to change Lucy into my friend in that state of Iowa five years ago.", "id": "high7854.txt"}