{"answers": ["B", "C", "A"], "options": [["Her disability since birth.", "Brain injuries in accidents.", "Her declining health", "Overloaded working."], ["By taking her to the hospital", "By telling her jokes.", "By showing her old photos and pictures.", "By persuading her to recall the car crash."], ["Daisy could still enjoy a lot in spite of her illness.", "The only thing Daisy kept in mind was her home.", "Daisy couldn't do anything but stay at home.", "Daisy didn't want to trust anyone else."]], "questions": ["What caused Daisy's condition?", "How did Daisy's family help remind her?", "Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage?"], "article": "Every day, Daisy wakes up next to a man, who has to convince her they are married. When she expresses doubt, he takes out a photo album and shows her pictures of their wedding 13 years ago.\nOnly then does _ Daisy accept that she has been married, and that everything he has told her is true. The lady's condition was caused by brain injuries suffered in two road accidents, a motorbike crash in 1985 and a car accident in 1990. Daisy can recall everything up to 1994, but since then everything that happens on one day is forgotten the next day.\nShe has no day-today memory after the car crash. And it is not just loved ones Daisy struggles with. She uses hundreds of notes and reminders on her mobile phone's calendar to keep her informed of appointments and everyday duties. Anything she has done or anyone she has met must be logged for future reference. And on the rare occasions when she takes the risk of going out of her home alone, she has to be armed with navigation   programmed with her address.\nThere are some benefits, however. There is no such thing as a repeat on TV and every joke is funny, because it seemed she has heard it the first time.\"It's like I am living the same day, day after day, said Daisy, who does voluntary work at a charity for people with disabilities three days a week.\nDr Peter Nestor said Daisy was suffering from anterograde(  , ) amnesia. He added, \"It is reasonably rare, but it does exist. You are able to carry out daytoday things, and don't forget how to do certain things like speaking. But if someone was to ask you what you did yesterday, you wouldn't have a clue.\"", "id": "high7856.txt"}