{"answers": ["C", "D", "D"], "options": [["Using their feet to sense the vibration of things", "Using their ears to listen directly", "Using their wings to sense the sound vibrations", "Using their antennae to judge the sound"], ["To find highqualified honey.", "To have a good place for living.", "To make it easier for them to hide from the enemies.", "To find a proper place for their eggs."], ["butterflies' living habits", "butterflies' beauty", "butterflies' daily activities", "butterflies' senses"]], "questions": ["How do butterflies hear sounds?", "Why do female adult butterflies carefully choose the host plants?", "The text mainly focuses on   _  ."], "article": "Butterflies are some of the most fascinating and beautiful insects in the world. Adult butterflies will live about 2 to 4 weeks. They use their senses of sight, touch, hearing, smell, and taste to survive in the world, find food and mates, lay eggs in an appropriate place, migrate, and avoid hungry enemies.\nButterflies have large compound eyes , which allow them to see in all directions without turning their heads. Like most insects, butterflies are very nearsighted, so they are more attracted to a sea of flowers than individual plants. Butterflies do not \"see\" colors such as red, green, and yellow, but they can sense sunlight, which indicates the direction the sun is shining, as well as ultraviolet light , which is present on many flowers and guides butterflies to honey sources.\nButterflies have a very well-developed sense of smell, but it is not in their nose, since they don't have one. Sense receptors are located in their antennae , feet, and many other parts of the body. They can help butterflies find their favorite flower honey food, and mates.\nButterflies' feet have sense organs that can taste the sugar in flower honey, letting the butterflies know if something is good to eat or not. Some females also carefully choose host plants by tasting to find appropriate places to lay their eggs. Adult butterflies feed their babies using a long tube. Butterflies force blood into the tube to straighten it out, allowing them to feed. Butterflies get all their food from this tube.\nButterflies don't have ears. Instead they \"hear\" sounds through their wings by sensing changes in sound vibrations .\nButterflies may possess senses we don't even know about yet, because their body structure is very different from ours, and therefore difficult to understand, when observed through our own human senses.", "id": "high7859.txt"}