{"answers": ["A", "C"], "options": [["She can always offer help when the author is in need.", "She author and Susie have lots of things to talk about.", "Susie is good at solving problems.", "Susie is a friendly and warm-heated person."], ["Give her friend a big surprise", "Make the present more special", "Make her friend remember their friendship forever.", "Remind her friend of their love between them."]], "questions": ["Why does the author consider Susie as a rare friend?", "The author wanted to put her and her friend's names in the bracelet in order to   _  ."], "article": "It'll soon be the birthday of one of my closest friends, Susie. I still cannot decide what to give her. She's a rare friend because she has been there for me all the time whenever I need a friend to talk to. I can always depend on her to be the first to arrive to give me advice when I have problems. I guess I am so lucky to have her as a friend.\nIt's more than seven years since I first met Susie in our school. I joined the theater group and she was a director then. At first I thought she was _ but in the end I realized that she needed to keep a strict image in order for her actors and actresses to take her seriously. And then during practice I got a chance to know her better. In fact, she was a friendly and warm-hearted person. Soon we become good friends.\nI don't know exactly what to give my friend on her birthday as I believe she has everything. So it's really hard to buy her a gift she will appreciate. This year I want something different and special but I don't know what to give. One day I searched the internet without any purpose and to my surprise there is a really lovely site where you can buy all kinds of gifts.\nI scanned some of their items and I found cool and exciting gifts. I chose a special personalized bracelet . I'm sure that this will look perfect on her. I put our names as part of the design of the bracelet so that it'll remind us that we'll forever be friends. I can't wait to give her my gift but I won't tell her yet. I don't want to destroy the surprise.", "id": "high7899.txt"}