{"answers": ["B", "A", "A"], "options": [["will not hold each other", "will rarely display their love in public", "will always think about their future", "will kiss wherever they like"], ["their relationship's future", "their public images", "their physical displays", "their lover's ideas"], ["differences", "friendship", "similarities", "relationships"]], "questions": ["When American youth fall in love with each other, they   _  .", "It can be inferred from the passage that French youth may think more about   _  .", "The passage is mainly about the  _   between American youth and French youth."], "article": "The trip to the United State opened my eyes to the fact that there are a lot of similarities as well as differences between American youth and French youth.\nThe first difference is in appearance. Going around in the U.S., I found that American youth do not really care about their appearance. In the morning, they choose something in their closet and wear it with another thing, often of different colors and styles, without wondering whether their choices make them look strange. The reason behind this is that they don't care what people look like, but are just interested in their ideas. I think it's great, but it also causes problems. Since they don't care about their appearance, they don't really care about their weight. Often they get fat without realizing it.\nThere are differences in relationships too. When the American youth fall in love, they don't really think of the future. Also, there are differences in the rules concerning behavior that is allowed. In some _ , the French are more accepting. For example, in America it is generally unacceptable to make physical display of love. Lovers, actually, can't kiss or hold each other everywhere they want. People think that not showing love in public places is a way to respect others. On the contrary, the French youth can do almost everything they want.\nAs for other types of relationships, there are also big differences. Americans act differently from French people in front of unknown people. When an American girl, for example, arrives in front of people she has never met before, she will talk with them, trying to create a kind of tie between her and this new circle of people. The French girls will just think about rather than really do this kind of thing because they are too shy and lacking in self-confidence.\nTo finish, I noticed that in American classes, when pupils want to say or ask something, they just do it. In general, they don't really care how the others will judge them. In France, it's not the same case. If somebody wants to ask something, he/she will think about it before speaking up. I appreciate the freedom in Americans' behavior, ideas, and ways of expressing themselves.", "id": "high790.txt"}