{"answers": ["D", "C", "C", "B"], "options": [["She was born", "She got her nickname", "She got married", "Her mother died"], ["activity", "ornanization", "Law", "center"], ["Lady Bird Johnson had an unhappy childhood", "Lady Bird Johnson was brough up by Alice Tittle", "Mrs. Johnson was devoted to education and environment", "Mrs. Johnson did not support her husband during hiw four-year term"], ["the National Wildflower Research Center", "her contribution to environmental improvement", "her concerns about the helth of poor young children", "her influence on other activists"]], "questions": ["What happened to Claudia in 1917?", "From the passage,we know that The Beautifieation Act is a(n)  _  .", "Which of the following statements is true according to the article?", "The passage inicates that Mrs. Johnson was the best know for   _"], "article": "Lady Bird Johnson was born Claudia Alta Taylor in nineteen twelve. The Taylor family lived in the small town of Karnack, Texas. Claudia's father, Thomas Jefferson Taylor, owned two stores as well as thousands of hectares  for cotton production. Her mother, Minnie Taylor, died when Claudia was only five years old. A woman who worked for the Taylor family gave Claudia her nickname. Alice Tittle said the small child was \"as purty as a lady bird.\"\nAs first lady, Missus Johnson became an energetic activist for educational and environmental issues. She helped support Head Start, a public program aimed at giving educational and health services to young children from poor families.\nShe started the Society for a More Beautiful National Capitol. Its aim was to improve the beauty of Washington by planting trees and flowers in public areas and parks. Missus Johnson understood that these improvements were also linked to important issues such as pollution, public transportation, mental health, and crime rates.\nLyndon Johnson and Lady Bird Johnson had a difficult four-year term. The president faced strong opposition about the United States involvement in the war in Vietnam. In nineteen sixty-eight, President Johnson surprised the nation by announcing that he would not seek reelection as president. The Johnsons left politics and returned home to Texas. Mister Johnson died of a heart attack in nineteen seventy-three.\nLady Bird Johnson continued her tireless work to improve the country's natural environment. She created the National Wildflower Research Center in nineteen eighty-two. The center helps to educate people about the environmental importance and value of native plants. Missus Johnson died in two thousand seven at the age of ninety-four. Her memory lives in the many fields of wildflowers that color the roads of America.", "id": "high7906.txt"}