{"answers": ["D", "C", "D"], "options": [["fought with each other", "were told not to play on the floor", "were blamed for destroying property", "were given a living room without a toy"], ["Because she wanted to sort out her house.", "Because she wanted to throw the unnecessary items.", "Because she wanted to have her sons closer to her.", "Because she wanted to teach her sons to cook."], ["She could keep the living room tidy.", "Her sons could learn to stand by themselves.", "Her sons could be interested in what she was doing.", "She could do what she desired without interruption."]], "questions": ["The babies were unhappy and trapped the author because they  _  .", "Why did the author move furniture and toys into the living room?", "What was the author's dream?"], "article": "The \"babies\" tend to be on or near me, or crying, or both. I spend a fair amount of time trying to get William to sleep, to get Elliott to get involved in something that will actually keep him happy for a little while, or to get William to play on the floor for 10 minutes straight so that I can get something done. But, a lot of days, it seems like I'm not succeeding in any of those efforts.\nSo, yesterday, a friend of mine posted a picture on Facebook. This particular friend has a baby who is about a month younger than William. The picture was of the baby, who had made his way across the floor to the toys housed along the side of the room. I just kept looking at that picture and thinking that if only William had some different toys to play with, perhaps he would stay occupied a bit longer at a stretch. But William seems so bored with all of his toys! _ . In order to find a way to make him playing longer, I kept looking at that picture. Suddenly, I realized my sons need to play closer to me.\nSo I cleared off the cubby shelves in the playroom, and my husband and I moved it to the living room. We found all of the toys that would be safe for William and put them in the cubbies. Then, we pulled the play kitchen in.\nWilliam was so interested in what I was doing that he sat there and played and chewed on his toys while we moved furniture. When we were done, I moved him over closer to the cubbies and he got so excited that he didn't disturb for an hour, while I made dinner and cleaned up! Even Elliott played happily for a few hours. It was a dream come true! And I got to know that my lack of happy children was because of my desire for a toy--free living room.", "id": "high7913.txt"}