{"answers": ["C", "D", "B"], "options": [["A doctor.", "An actor.", "A student.", "A researcher."], ["To be a teacher is his own dream.", "His father hopes that he can become a teacher.", "He would like to be a responsible man.", "His teacher encourages him to be an excellent teacher."], ["How can I be an excellent teacher?", "Where do I see myself ten years from now?", "Why do I follow in my father's footsteps?", "How can I make my dream come true?"]], "questions": ["What's the author now?", "Which is not the reason why the author wants to be a teacher?", "What's the best title of the passage?"], "article": "As is known, it is a respectful job to be a teacher serving students heart and soul. And most people also compare a teacher to a gardener who takes great care of various plants. Ever since my high school days, my heart has been set on becoming a teacher. I am now studying at a teacher's college, and I am making great efforts to study, because there are so many things to learn about education. But I thoroughly enjoy my studies, and every day I am amazed at the great influence education has on the human soul.\nI think it is only natural that I have always _ to become a teacher because my father and his father were also teachers. My father is now retired, following a brilliant career, and it has always been his dream to have me, his only son, follow in his footsteps. Although it sounds like my father's dream that I will become a teacher, it is also my dream and I am quite willing to realize the dream. I still have one more year to go at university, and after I graduate, I will go to the western part of China to become a teacher at a village school.\nI understand a teacher's job will not make me a millionaire, but it is not the prospect of making a lot of money that has propelled my ambition to become a teacher. Rather, it is my sincere desire to assume a responsible role in society, and make as many people well--educated as possible through my hard endeavors. Education plays an essential and important role in our society. If everyone can receive a good education, it will not only do good to our country but also benefit individuals' lives.\nTen years from now, therefore, I hope to be established as an excellent teacher with hundreds of thousands of students who have benefited from me and carry on the family tradition with efficiency and honour.", "id": "high7948.txt"}