{"answers": ["B", "A", "B", "B", "C"], "options": [["lives in the north of Africa", "has sixteen toes altogether", "has pointed ears like most dogs", "lives in forests in groups"], ["They all have colorful fur.", "The dogs in the same group are of different colors.", "Artists love to paint them in different colors.", "None of them has the same color."], ["They always do everything together.", "They help the sick, the elderly and the weak.", "They are always very close to one another.", "They communicate in their own language."], ["Poachers kill some of them.", "They are short of food sometimes.", "They are losing their habitat.", "Farmers shoot some of them."], ["The Travelers", "Fashion Weekly", "Animal World", "Star Magazine"]], "questions": ["From the text we learn that the African wild dog  _  .", "Why do African wild dogs get the name \"painted dogs\"?", "According to the author, what should we learn from African wild dogs?", "Which of the following is NOT the reason why African wild dogs are becoming very rare?", "Where could this passage probably be found?"], "article": "There is a very special wolf that lives in Africa. They are actually called, the African wild dog, of painted dogs.\nThese animals live in open woodlands, or in the plains of Africa. Today, however, most of the animals can be found in eastern or southern Africa. These animals are beautiful. They have rounded ears instead of pointed like most dogs, and they have four toes   on each of their four feet, also a unique characteristic because other dogs have five. Their fine fur is always different from each other. The fur is usually a combination of black, brown, red, and white, and sometimes even yellow. No wonder they're called the painted wolf.\nThe African wild dog is a very social animal. They live in groups and have numbers from five to about twenty. The members of a group are always very close to one another. They communicate in their own language or body language. When someone is very old or sick, the others will help, and they are willing to share the food with the elders and with those who are weak, which is what we should learn from.\nThe family does everything together, from raising young, to sleeping together, to hunting. When they hunt, they will work together suing team work to kill animals that are larger than them.\nThey sometimes hunt farm animals. This is unfortunate, because both poachers  , and people who own farms shoot the painted dogs who are just trying to survive.\nBefore, there used to be many large groups throughout the land, but now the African wild god is very rare. They are also losing their population because of their own loss of habitat thanks to human's farming and forest cutting.", "id": "high795.txt"}