{"answers": ["A", "D"], "options": [["failed to make both ends meet", "earned nothing and borrowed money", "once had a relatively rich family", "didn't know how to save money"], ["He had built up a nest egg.", "He was a cheapskate again.", "He felt like a million dollars.", "He was penny wise and pound foolish."]], "questions": ["Before winning the lottery, Al   _  .", "What was to become of Al, according to the passage?"], "article": "I think people everywhere dream about having lots of money. You could win a large amount of money in the United States through lotteries. People pay money for tickets with numbers. If your combination of numbers is chosen, you win a huge amount of money --- often in the millions.\nA few years ago, my friend Al won the lottery. It changed his life. He did not have a rich family. He was not born with a silver spoon in his mouth. Instead, my friend was always hard up for cash. And the money he did earn was chicken feed --- very little.\nSometimes Al even had to accept gifts from his family and friends. But do not get me wrong. My friend was not a _ . He was not the kind of person who never paid the money he owed. He was always very careful with the money he spent. In fact, he was often a cheapskate . He did not like to spend money.\nOne day, Al got together a few dollars for a lottery ticket. He thought he would never strike it rich or gain lots of money unexpectedly. But his combination of numbers was chosen and he won the lottery and won a great deal of money.\nAl was so excited. The first thing he did was to buy a costly new car. Then he started spending money on unnecessary things. He started to waste it. It was like he had money to burn. He had more money than he needed and it was burning a hole in his pocket so he spent it quickly.\nWhen we got together for a meal at a restaurant, Al paid every time. He told me the money made him feel like a million dollars. He was very happy.\nBut, Al spent too much money. Soon my friend was down and out again. He had no money left. He had spent his bottom dollar, his very last amount. He did not even build up a nest egg. He had not saved any of the money. Some might say he was penny wise and pound foolish. He was wise about small things, but not about important things.", "id": "high7956.txt"}