{"answers": ["C", "B", "C"], "options": [["computers are not allowed to be used during exams", "students shouldn't use their pens during exams", "most coursework is done on computers", "most students will use computers during exams"], ["He opposes it.", "He isn't optimistic about it.", "He is fond of it.", "He thinks it necessary."], ["other universities will try to carry out the challenging plan", "universities shouldn't make students stressful during exams", "the use of computers in exams won't spread widely in a short time", "students should get ready to use computers in exams in future"]], "questions": ["According to Para. 1, we know that in Edinburgh University   _  .", "What's Dai Hounsell's attitude towards Edinburgh University's new plan?", "We can infer from the passage that   _  ."], "article": "A Scottish university is considering allowing students to use their own computers in exams. Edinburgh University already has the equipment to allow a small number of students to use computers during exams. Senior officials at Edinburgh University say that it is unfair to expect students to use pens and paper in exams when the majority of their coursework is done on computers. Undergraduates at the School of Divinity have the choice of using computers with their final answers being collected on a USB stick, but the take-up stands at less than 10 per cent.\nDai Hounsell, professor of higher education at the university, said, \"We've got to look at alternatives to the handwritten exam. Looking ahead ten years from now, I'm sure there will not be handwritten answers any longer in the exam of certain subjects, but how we get there from here isn't easy. The plan doesn't apply so much to science and engineering subjects where students have to use charts and mathematical formulae . There isn't technology at the moment to allow them to do that on a computer.\" He adds that the approval of students is the key before anything is carried out. He also said, \"We don't want to put students' future at risk by experimenting as there are technical things which can go wrong. There could be a power failure.\"\nNora Mogey, head of Media and Learning Technology Service at the university, said, \"A lot of students are not _ enough to make that step in such an important situation. They don't feel they've had enough practice in typing on a computer with a time limit in a high-pressure environment. They think they do better with a pen in their hand than on a keyboard.\"\nJennifer Cadiz, president at the National Union of Students in the UK, said, \"It's great to see universities recognizing that times have changed. Exams can be a really stressful time for students and it's helpful to offer them a flexible way to complete exams.\"\nNo other major Scottish universities have plans to follow in Edinburgh University's footsteps and the Scottish Qualifications Authority says it has decided not to carry out the plan in its universities.", "id": "high7957.txt"}