{"answers": ["D", "D", "A", "B"], "options": [["Blue.", "Light yellow.", "Red.", "Dark reddish purple."], ["Their spine is in active use.", "They are more easily affected by gravity.", "They keep growing backwards.", "Their spine becomes more bent."], ["In the long run, our brain probably works harder than our heart.", "When our brain senses the spinning, we will feel dizzy.", "The brains of the other mammals are as complex as those of humans.", "Our feelings and emotions come from the most developed area in our brain."], ["To give advice on how to stay healthy.", "To provide information about our body.", "To challenge new findings in medical research.", "To report the latest discoveries in medical science."]], "questions": ["What is the colour of blood in a vein near the surface of the skin?", "Why do some old people look a little shrunken as they age?", "Which of the following statements about our brain is TRUE?", "What is the main purpose of the selection?"], "article": "Below is a selection from a popular science book.\nIf blood is red, why are veins  blue?\nActually, veins are not blue at all. They are more of a clear, yellowish colour. Although blood looks red when it's outside the body, when it's sitting in a vein near the surface of the skin, it's more of a dark reddish purple colour. At the right depth, these blood-filled veins reflect less red light than the surrounding skin, making them look blue by comparison.\nWhich works harder, your heart or your brain?\nThis question depends on whether you're busy thinking or busy exercising. Your heart works up to three times harder during exercise, and shifts enough blood over a lifetime to fill a supertanker. But, in the long run, your brain probably tips it, because even when you're sitting still your brain is using twice as much energy as your heart, and it takes four to five times as much blood to feed it.\nDo old people shrink as they age?\nYes and no. Many people do get shorter as they age. But, when they do, it isn't because they're shrinking all over. They simply lose height as their spine  becomes shorter and more curved due to disuse and the effects of gravity . Many (but not all) men and women do lose height as they get older. Men lose an average of 3-4 cm in height as they age, while women may lose 5 cm or more. If you live to be 200 years old, would you keep shrinking till you were, like 60 cm tall, like a little boy again?No, because old people don't really shrink!It is not that they are growing backwards--their legs, arms and backbones getting shorter. When they do get shorter, it's because the spine has shortened a little. Or, more often, become more bent and curved.\nWhy does spinning make you dizzy ?\nBecause your brain gets confused between what you're seeing and what you're feeling. The brain senses that you're spinning using special gravity and motion sensing organs in your inner ear, which work together with your eyes to keep your vision and balance stable. But when you suddenly stop spinning , the system goes out of control, and your brain thinks you're moving while you're not!\nWhere do feelings and emotions come from?\nMostly from an ancient part of the brain called the limbic system. All mammals have this brain area--from mice to dogs, cats, and humans. So all mammals feel basic emotions like fear, pain and pleasure. But since human feelings also involve other newer bits of the brain, we feel more complex emotions than any other animal on the planet.", "id": "high7969.txt"}