{"answers": ["A", "C", "B"], "options": [["To introduce a few Nobel prize winners who did experiments on themselves.", "To list difficulties that scientists went through in order to make important discoveries.", "To explain why some scientists chose to experiment on themselves.", "To introduce some dangerous experiments that Nobel prize winners did on themselves."], ["Forssmann's experiment ended in failure.", "Forssmann had the pipe pushed all the way into his heart.", "Barry Marshall succeeded by drinking some Helicobacter pylori.", "Barry Marshall's experiment on himself confirmed that most doctors' belief about gastritis\nwas correct."], ["discovered a new type of cancer cell called the dendritic cell", "tried different therapies containing the dendritic cell on himself", "had his request to experiment on patients denied", "believed that he was better than doctors at treating cancer"]], "questions": ["What's the main purpose of the article?", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the article?", "From the text, we can conclude that Ralph Steinman   _  ."], "article": "Unlike chemists and physicists, who usually do their experiments using machines, biologists and medical researchers have to use living things like rats. But there are three Nobel prize-winning scientists who actually chose to experiment on themselves - all in the name of science, reported The Telegraph.\n1. Werner Forssmann (Nobel prize winner in 1956)\nForssmann was a German scientist. He studied how to put a pipe inside the heart to measure the pressure inside and decide whether a patient needs surgery.\nExperiments had been done on horses before, so he wanted to try with human patients. But it was not permitted because the experiment was considered too dangerous.\nNot giving up, Forssmann decided to experiment on himself. He anaesthetized   his own arm and made a cut, putting the pipe 30 centimeters into his vein. He then climbed two floors to the X-ray room before pushing the pipe all the way into his heart.\n2. Barry Marshall (Nobel prize winner in 2005)\nMost doctors in the mid-20th century believed that _ was down to stress, spicy food or an unusually large amount of stomach acid. But in 1979 an Australian scientist named Robin Warren found that the disease might be related to a bacteria called Helicobacter pylori.\nSo he teamed up with his colleague, Barry Marshall, to continue the study. When their request to experiment on patients was denied, Marshall bravely drank some of the bacteria. Five days later, he lost his appetite and soon was vomiting each morning - he indeed had gastritis.\n3. Ralph Steinman (Nobel prize winner in 2011)\nThis Canadian scientist discovered a new type of immune system cell called the dendritic cell. He believed that it had the ability to fight against cancer.\nSteinman knew he couldn't yet use his method to treat patients. So in 2007, when doctors told him that he had cancer and that it was unlikely for him to live longer than a year, he saw an opportunity.\nWith the help of his colleagues, he gave himself three different vaccines based on his research and a total of eight experimental therapies. Even though Steinman eventually died from his cancer, he lived four and a half years, much longer than doctors had said he would.", "id": "high7972.txt"}