{"answers": ["B", "D"], "options": [["she was lucky and still had two legs", "she wanted to be self-dependent rather than rely on others", "she didn't want to move to another city", "she enjoyed living separate from others"], ["though she lost arms, she still had legs", "her elder sister's willingness to take care of her could help her fly with wings", "if one had wings, his or her heart could fly", "faced with the misfortune, you should be strong, and you'll make it"]], "questions": ["The girl refused her elder sister's help, because   _  .", "When the girl wrote the words: Broken wings, flying heart, she really meant   _  ."], "article": "He lost his arms in an accident that claimed his father's life--who was the main source of support for the family. Since then, he has had to depend on the arms of his younger brother. For the sake of taking care of him, his younger brother became his shadow, never leaving him alone for years. Except for writing with his toes, he was completely unable to do anything in his life.\nOne late night, he suffered from diarrhea   and had to wake up his younger brother. His younger brother accompanied him into the toilet and then went back to dorm to wait. But being so tired, his younger brother fell asleep, leaving him on the toilet for two hours till the teacher on duty discovered him. As the two brothers grew up together, they had their share of problems and they would often quarrel. Then one day, his younger brother wanted to live separate from him, living his own life, as many normal people do. So he was heart-broken and didn't know what to do.\nA similar misfortune happened to a girl, too. One night her mother, who suffered from chronic mental illness, disappeared. So her father went out looking for her mother, leaving her alone at home. She tried to prepare meals for her parents, only to overturn   the kerosene light on the stove, resulting in a fire which took her hands away.\nThough her elder sister, who was studying in another city, showed her willingness to take care of her, she was determined to be completely independent. At school, she always studied hard. Most of all she learned to be self-dependent. Once she wrote the following in her composition: \"I am lucky. Though I lost my arms, I still have legs; I am lucky.\" Though my wings are broken, my heart can still fly.\"\nOne day, the boy and the girl were both invited to appear on a television interview program. The boy told the TV host about his uncertain future at being left on his own, whereas the girl was full of enthusiasm for her life. They both were asked to write something on a piece of paper with their toes. The boy wrote: My younger brother's arms are my arms; while the girl wrote: Broken wings, flying heart.\nThey had both endured the same misfortune, but their different attitudes determined the nature of their lives. It is true that life is unpredictable. Disasters can strike at any time. How you handle misfortune when confronted with it actually is the true test of your character. If you choose only to complain and escape from the misfortune, it will always follow you wherever you go. But if you decide to be strong, the hardship will turn out to be fortune on which new hopes will arise.", "id": "high7975.txt"}