{"answers": ["C", "C", "A"], "options": [["Steve Jobs stepped down as Apple's chief executive because of poor health.", "Steve Jobs and his friend built a company called Apple Computer in 1976.", "Steve Jobs was remembered as the founder of Apple and the Internet", "President Obama spoke highly of Steve Jobs for his achievements."], ["9 years.", "14 years.", "23 years.", "35 years"], ["a brief introduction of Steve Jobs", "the inventions of Steve Jobs", "the childhood of Steve Jobs", "the death of Steve Jobs"]], "questions": ["Which of the following statements about Steve Jobs is NOT TRUE?", "How long did Steve Jobs work for Apple?", "This passage is mainly about   _  ."], "article": "Apple Inc co-founder and former CEO Steve Jobs, counted among the  greatest American CEOs of his generation, died on Wednesday at the age of 56,  after a years-long and highly public battle with cancer. Mourners gathered outside his house in Palo Alto, California, and Apple stores around the world.\nSteve Jobs made technology fun. As tech leaders, they're really happy if they have one hit in their life. Steve Jobs has the Apple II, the Mac, the iPod, the iPhone, the iPad and Pixar.\nSteve Jobs was a college dropout. He was adopted by a machinist and his wife, an accountant. They supported his early interest in electronics. He and his friend Steve Wozniak started Apple Computer--now just called Apple--in 1976. They stayed at the company until 1985. That year, Steve Wozniak returned to college and Steve Jobs left in a dispute with the chief executive.\nMr. Jobs then formed his own company, called NeXT Computer. He rejoined Apple in 1997 after it bought NeXT, He helped remake Apple from a business that was in bad shape then to one of the most valuable companies in the world today. However, Steve Jobs stepped down as Apple's chief executive in August, 2011 because of his health. He died a day after the company released a new iPhone version that met with limited excitement. Steve left behind a company that only he could have built, and his spirit will forever be the foundation of Apple.\nPresident Obama said in a statement: by building one of the planet's most successful companies from his garage, Steve Jobs showed the spirit of American ingenuity  . By making computers personal and putting the Internet in our pockets, he made the information revolution not only accessible but intuitive   and fun.\nThe fact that he was able to redesign American commerce top to bottom and across is really astonishing. He probably will be considered an industrial giant on the scale of Thomas Edison and Henry Ford, so one of the greatest of all time. Steve Jobs not only revolutionized technology, he also revolutionized American business. Steve Jobs was remembered as a \" great visionary and leader\" and a marketing genius.", "id": "high799.txt"}