{"answers": ["C", "C", "D"], "options": [["They seek after short-term profits.", "They tend to invest in unrelated areas.", "They run their business creatively.", "They show interest in personal computers"], ["The product Kindle once developed slowly.", "Amazon noticed it had a lot of spare capacity.", "Kindle has powerful functions and lower price.", "Amazon took off with Kindle's third generation."], ["Amazon's Jeff Bezo and his talents", "The Unknown Truth about Amazon", "Apple and Amazon---Which Is the Legend?", "Amazon's Jeff Bezos---the Next Steve Jobs"]], "questions": ["What do Jeff Bezos and Steve Jobs have in common?", "Why does Amazon have to produce more Kindles?", "What might be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "With the passing of Steve Jobs, the tech industry has lost one of its most respected heroes. So where will the industry turn for inspiration, now that Jobs is gone?\nNew Apple CEO, Tim Cook, will keep the business going, but he is unlikely to inspire the same kind of devotion as Jobs. Facebook owner, Mark Zuckerberg, has star power, but he and his company are still too young and untested. At Google, Larry Page is too awkward, and Eric Schmidt too clever, and a lot of the company's recent products are unfinished. But there's one tech leader who just might fill the gap: Amazon's Jeff Bezos.\nBezos runs his business the same way as Steve Jobs ran his, with a focus on long-term value over short-term profits and a willingness to invest in seemingly unrelated new areas. Steve Jobs converted Apple from personal computers into music with the iPod, and then into cellphones with the iPhone. It worked, and made Apple into the biggest and richest tech company in the world. Jeff Bezos is doing the same thing at Amazon.\nIn 2006, Amazon noticed it had a lot of spare capacity   in its data centers. So it started renting out some of that capacity to some companies. Now, hundreds of newly-established Internet companies, including big names like Foursquare and Yelp, run their businesses on Amazon Web Services. Somehow, an outline bookseller became the most important provider of \"cloud computing\".\nIn 2007, Amazon introduced its e-reader, the Kindle. The product developed slowly for a couple of years, and then started to take off in 2010 with the third generation. It sells for US$199, which is hundreds of dollars less than Apple's iPad, but it has similar functions to the iPad. No wonder Amazon has to build millions more than it expected to meet demand.", "id": "high7991.txt"}