{"answers": ["A", "A", "D"], "options": [["Drinking water: bottled or from the tap?", "How to save more energy?", "Why is it good to drink water out of the tap?", "Stop drinking bottled water from now on."], ["Because they think bottled water is healthier than water out of the tap.", "Because local governments don't make sure that water from the faucet is safe.", "Because bottled water is much cheaper than water out of the kitchen faucet.", "Because water out of the kitchen faucet is not provided anywhere."], ["it is very hard for plastic bottles to break down", "if we used one bottle less, more oil would be saved", "bottled water is very convenient to drink", "plastic bottles have been causing less and less pollution"]], "questions": ["What's the best title for this passage?", "According to the passage, why don't some people drink water straight from the kitchen faucet?", "The author may disagree that   _  ."], "article": "If your family is like many in the United States, keeping a lot of bottled water at home, it's easy to get a cold one right out of the fridge on your way to a soccer game or activity, right?\nBut all those plastic bottles use a lot of fossil fuels and pollute the environment. In fact, Americans buy more bottled water than any other nation in the world, and add 29 billion water bottles a year to the problem. In order to make all these bottles, manufacturers use 17 million barrels of crude oil  . That's enough oil to keep a million cars going for twelve months.\nSo why don't more people drink water straight from the kitchen faucet? Some people drink bottled water because they think it is better for them than water out of the tap, but that's not true. In the US, local governments make sure water from the faucet is safe.\nPeople love the convenience of bottled water. But maybe if they realized the problems it causes, they would try drinking from a glass at home or carrying water in a refillable steel container instead of plastic.\nUnfortunately, for every six water bottles we use, only one makes it to the recycling bin. The rest are sent to landfills. Or, even worse, they end up as trash on the land and in rivers, lakes and the ocean. Plastic bottles take many hundreds of years to break down.\nWater is good for you, so keep drinking it. But think about how often you use water bottles, and see if you can make a change. And yes, you can make a difference. Remember this: recycling one plastic bottle can save enough energy to power a 60-watt light bulb for six hours. No matter who you are, you can do something for the environment. Join us and protect the environment.", "id": "high7999.txt"}