{"answers": ["A", "C", "D", "D"], "options": [["Chinese has become popular among foreign kids.", "Chinese can be more difficult to learn.", "In America, Chinese is the second most popular foreign language after Spanish.", "Students learn to make jiaozi and tie Chinese knots."], ["China", "America", "South Korea", "Spain"], ["making jiaozi", "writing and drawing in Chinese way", "trying Chinese knots", "singing Chinese songs"], ["Because Chinese is getting more important in their schools.", "Because Chinese characters have too many strokes.", "Because the number of people learning Chinese will be 800 million.", "Because China is becoming more and more important in the world."]], "questions": ["Which of the following is the topic sentence for the text?", "Where does Piao Chenglong come from?", "According to the text, some American middle school students learn to do the following EXCEPT  _  .", "Why do foreign kids want to learn Chinese?"], "article": "While English is getting more important in our schools, Chinese has become popular among foreign kids. But Chinese can be more difficult to learn. At least 16-year-old Piao Chenglong thinks so. \"English is easier for me. Chinese characters  have too many strokes ,\" said Piao. \"But I want to learn it. I want to study at Peking University when I grow up.\" Piao is from South Korea. He came to China in 2008.\nIn South Korea, there are more than 300000 Chinese learners like Piao. Some South Korean students begin to learn to write the language on their first day at school. To help students learn Chinese, South Korea holds speaking competitions for high school students every year.\nChinese isn't just popular in South Korea. People from all the world want to learn it. The Chinese Ministry of Education says that nearly 130 million people from 85 countries are learning Chinese. This number will be increasing to 800 million in the coming years.\nIn America, Chinese is the second most popular foreign language after Spanish. Some American middle schools have Chinese classes. Students learn to make jiaozi and tie Chinese knots . Some even try to write and draw in Chinese way!\nPeople want to learn Chinese because China is becoming such an important country. Foreign countries want to understand China better to help them with business. The Chinese government is also helping the world learn Chinese. It has sent more than 200 Chinese teachers to more than 60 countries in the world. Many more Confucious College  will be set up in the world. These colleges will teach Chinese to foreign students.", "id": "high8006.txt"}