{"answers": ["D", "C", "B", "B"], "options": [["To share his or her experience of learning a foreign language.", "To tell the readers the advantages of knowing a foreign language.", "To give the readers an understanding of German culture.", "To advise the readers to learn a local language when abroad."], ["It is not popular any longer.", "It costs a lot of money.", "It is practical and useful.", "It demands much brain to learn."], ["comfortable about the situation", "afraid to make mistakes", "satisfied with the progress", "confident about himself"], ["By explaining reasons and results.", "By listing the advantages.", "By comparing different methods.", "By providing scientific discoveries."]], "questions": ["What is the purpose of writing this passage?", "What is the writer's opinion about a second language?", "When a person says \"Ich spreche nur ein bisschen Deutsch!\", he feels  _  .", "How does the writer develop his or her argument?"], "article": "When I started a degree in English language, I hadn't intended to study abroad, not to mention starting learning German. But having recently returned from my year abroad in Germany, I can say that making the effort to learn the language really enriched my experience.\nWith language translation technology advancing all the time, it's convenient to rely on Google Translate and smartphone apps without having to learn the language. But a second language shouldn't be a luxury . Researchers have discovered that much language learning can increase the size of your brain in as little as three months. From my own experience, learning the language lets you travel beyond the well-known tourist paths, gain a real student experience and widen your social network beyond the international circle.\nThe process of learning German abroad was completely different from my language course at university, where students sat quietly and stumbled  through spoken exercises. Instead, language learning abroad was energetic and part of my lifestyle - from chatting with sales assistants to preparing speeches with course mates. It meant being part of the local area.\nVisiting language exchange cafes - where international and German students meet to improve their European language - was a great way to practice in a relaxed space and meet a wide range of people. Not being afraid to make mistakes is important to learn a language. By giving up that comfortable phrase \" _ \" (I speak only a little German), I made progress and it was praised by friends and locals alike.\nGermany has a lively theater scene and learning the language meant I was able to get more entertainment and an understanding of German culture.\nEven when it comes to eating out, knowing the language works to your advantage. In more than a few traditional German restaurants, the English menus didn't contain all the dishes listed on the German menus.\nLearning the language has saved me from getting on the wrong train, after last-minute platform changes were announced in German.\nSo why not learn the local language in your year abroad? It'll improve your employability while letting you take part fully in local life.", "id": "high8012.txt"}