{"answers": ["A", "D", "C"], "options": [["Huttopia.", "Tree Sphere.", "Four-Season Tents.", "Houseboats."], ["It has only one type.", "It is large enough for four to live in.", "It is supplied with some baked food.", "By house boat, you can find a place to play golf."], ["The large wooden platforms.", "Convenient facilities.", "The sense of floating.", "The large sleeping space."]], "questions": ["Which of the following is the most popular in the Province of Quebec?", "Which statement is correct about the houseboat?", "Which of the following is not the advantage of the Four-Season Tents?"], "article": "Huttopia\nCreated in Europe, but tailored to perfection in Quebec, Huttopia tents provide convenient, comfortable accommodation in 16 of Quebec's 23 national parks. Built atop a 4 by 7 meters wooden platform, the walls and roof enclose a roomy space that can sleep up to 5 people. Beds, lighting, heating, a small fridge, dishes, and an outdoor twoburner stove provide comforts. Open summer through fall, Huttopia tents can be booked for as little as $ 99 per night.\nTree Sphere\nThis creative option takes wilderness camping to a whole new level. Setting up camp in a Free Spirit Sphere you can sleep among the trees and stretch your wings in Qualicum Bay, Vancouver Island. Part tree house, part space capsule, founder Tom Chudleigh's handcrafted wooden spheres gently _ in the breeze thanks to a series of ropes tied to the forest's cover. Suspended at 3.1, 4.3 and 4.6 meters off the ground, each of the three spheres offers comfortable and unique lodging for adults age 16 and over.\nFour-Season Tents\nGatineau Park's Philippe Lake has the perfect winter accommodation for you. Standing above the freezing ground on wooden platforms, two four-season tents are attractive with amenities   that will keep you comfortable. With sleeping space for up to four people, the park's four-season tents feature double-sized beds, a fridge and a stove for cooking meals.\nHouseboats\nWhy limit your camping adventures to dry land? Lakeway Houseboat Vacations in New Brunswick offers grand accommodation in their \"cottages on the water\". Choose from three luxurious floating vacation homes with full kitchens, full bathrooms, multiple bedrooms ( one boat sleeps 14!) , TVs, hot tubs, fireplaces and even waterslides. Sail along the St. John River, sunbathe on the upper deck, or stop at picturesque Mactaquac Provincial Park for a round of golf. Do as little or as much as you desire.", "id": "high8016.txt"}