{"answers": ["C", "B", "D", "C"], "options": [["They weigh at least 113 kilograms.", "They swim faster than any other sea animal.", "Males are much larger than females.", "They usually move very slowly after leaving the sea."], ["About 1,000 of them are often seen together on a shore.", "Hundreds of them hunt together at sea.", "They are often seen near rocky shores along the Pacific coast.", "They make a series of sounds to communicate with each other."], ["swim faster at sea", "have a rest while hunting", "hunt for over 30 hours at a time", "stay in water for a longer time"], ["That they are not worth much money.", "That they have no natural enemies.", "That they are protected well by laws.", "That they are good at raising the young."]], "questions": ["What do we know about California sea lions?", "Which of the following descriptions about California sea lions might NOT be true?", "California sea lions slow down their heart rate in order to  _  .", "What is the main reason why California sea lions aren't endangered?"], "article": "California sea lions are the fastest of all the sea lions, reaching speeds of up to 40 kilometers an hour when swimming. Males are much larger than females, measuring 2 to 2.5 meters and weighing 200 to 453 kilograms. Females only measure 1.5 to 2 meters and weigh 50 to 113 kilograms. They can also move fairly well while on land.\nCalifornia sea lions can be found living along the Pacific coast of North America. They prefer to live in waters near rocky and sandy shores. On land, they often gather in large groups as many as 1,000 of them. While at sea, they travel in much smaller groups of around 10 or more. They communicate with one another through a series of sounds.\nTheir diet consists of a wide variety of fish and other sea animals. They are able to hold their breath for up to 10 minutes by slowing down their heart rate, allowing them to hunt for their prey for a longer period of time. They have been known to continuously hunt for up to 30 hours at a time, with their eyesight and hearing playing an important part in finding their food. Being so large, they do not have that many natural predators   that they need to be on the lookout for.\nEleven months after getting pregnant, the female will give birth to one baby on land. If the baby can survive long enough, they can live to be 20 to 25 years old.\nCalifornia sea lions are not listed as an endangered species. This is largely because of laws such as the US Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972. Hopefully such acts will continue to show results.", "id": "high8018.txt"}