{"answers": ["C", "A", "B"], "options": [["It's very popular in EU.", "It's bad for people's health.", "It's a new kind of food.", "Its story has been published."], ["tested for safety", "of high quality", "more nutritional", "grown in Europe"], ["We should warn people that they are too dangerous to be eaten.", "We should give people information about them so that they can decide whether to buy them", "We should encourage people to eat them because they are more nutritional.", "We should tell people that they are trying to fool the farmers."]], "questions": ["What do we know about the novel food?", "Genetically foods are allowed to be sold if they are  _  .", "What's the writer's attitude towards genetically modified foods?"], "article": "Genetically modified ( ) foods have become a focus point of agriculture throughout the news today. This has an effect on many different aspects of the agriculture world. From the seed dealer, to the farmer that buys the seed, to the workers that the farmer sells to; all are affected by the new technologies that are involved in this part of production agriculture.\nGenetically modified foods have come under heavy fire lately. There are some countries that are against buying these types of foods. They are being tested for safety by the best scientific experts in Europe, the US and the rest of the world. They are not for sale until they have gone through this complete safety process. Since they are a new product, and any slight problem with them could affect a whole country, these tests are very necessary.\nThese safety tests are carried out because of the new rules that were made with the Novel Foods Regulation. Begun in May of 1997, the Novel Foods Regulation set up an EU-wide pre-market system for all novel foods. A novel food is described as one that has not been eaten by EU consumers widely in the past. By setting up this program the EU hopes to keep its consumers safe from any possible side effects of any new food products.\nThere are a variety of ways in which genetic modification has helped food producers. They can improve the nutritional   value or the storage conditions of the food. Today there are only two genetically modified foods that have been allowed for use, these are GM soybean and GM maize.\nDespite any safety checks, many people are still cautious about eating genetically modified foods. By providing these people with the necessary information, we can allow them to make decisions about these foods.", "id": "high8022.txt"}