{"answers": ["B", "B"], "options": [["impolite and greedy", "easy-going and optimistic", "shy and unconfident", "friendly and brave"], ["He thought Greg was too impolite to his father.", "He wondered why Greg liked eating so much.", "He was afraid his father couldn't afford it.", "He was sure Greg would put on weight."]], "questions": ["We can describe Greg as  _  .", "Why did the author shake his head hearing Greg's request?"], "article": "The story of the day I lost my best friend to a car accident. The day a precious life was taken from us way too soon.\nIt was a bright and Sunny day in November. Thanksgiving had been celebrated only two days before. Since it was a holiday weekend I had been on the phone with Greg the night before many times. His dad didn't want him to come over because of the holiday. I guess he finally wore him down and he called and said, \"I can stay\". So, my mom, brother, and I went to pick him up. He was always smiling. The complete opposite of my shy self, Greg was always the life of the party.\nWe got two large pizzas that Friday night. I've never known anyone in my entire life who loved to eat more than Greg. That's the way he was though. He was just enjoying life. And if it meant gaining weight or whatever, so be it. He would sit back and put his hands on his belly and just laugh. We (Greg, David, and I) did so many funny things together and had such great times. Things we should have done and things we shouldn't have done, I'll \"Never\" forget.\nOn Saturday morning Dad took us out for breakfast. We all finished eating and followed my Dad up to the cashier. Greg asked Dad if he could have a candy bar. I looked at Greg shaking my head. He just laughed. After breakfast, Father took us to my Mom's house.\nWhen we got out at Mom's house there was no one home. So, one of us grabbed a big wheel and rode it down the steep driveway into the street. Just boys being boys. Greg and I did it several times until the last time. The car hit him on the head, knocking him around 75-- 100 yards. My brother and I both ran screaming just yelling for help and crying. One of the neighbors called 911. I was in shock. That day was forever etched  into our memories.\nIt still hurts to think about it. Wishing we could have grown old together. Wondering how it would have been. I'm sure It WOULD HAVE BEEN GREAT.", "id": "high8033.txt"}