{"answers": ["D", "B", "D"], "options": [["the benefits and harm of taking in sugar", "the process of refining the sugar cane", "the causes of different types of diabetes", "the proper intake of sugar for different people"], ["Sugar cane has no benefits to physical health.", "We also take in sugar from fruit and food", "The recommended intake of sugar applies to all.", "Many people know about the proper intake of sugar."], ["they can never take in any sugar in their diet", "they can take in no more than 20 gram of sugar every day", "they needn't ask their doctors for advice about their diet", "the sugar intake varies depending on the type of diabetes"]], "questions": ["The passage mainly talks about  _", "Which of the following statements is true?", "As for diabetics,   _  ."], "article": "Almost every person _ . Even if you love sugar really much it is now time to learn a very important but also very little known truth regarding sugar. Sugar really has no benefits for your health and the only actual benefits from it are that it sweetens your taste buds and satisfies your sweet tooth. Sugar is not a natural substance and is produced through a special industrial process called refining  the sugar cane. Sugar cane has a lot of health benefits but in the refining process it loses all its vitamins, proteins, minerals and other nutrients which are essential. Therefore, you end up consuming empty calories only. Moreover, your body gets all the sugar it needs from the consumption of regular food such as bread, vegetables, fruits and so on. No added sugar is really needed. However, most people love sugar and simply feel like they need to eat food high in sugar.\nThe latest researches show that the recommended intake of sugar which is healthy for your body on daily bases for children, men and women is as follows:\n*children-- 12 grams, which equals 3 teaspoons;\n*men-- 36 grams, which equals 9 teaspoons;\n*women-- 20 grams, which equals 5 teaspoons.\nThe sugar intake when it comes to diabetics is a lot different based on the type of diabetes. It is best to consult your doctor in order to find out about your personal requirements for the intake of sugar before you follow the guidelines mentioned earlier.\nWhen we speak about the recommended daily intake of sugar, it does not mean only simple sugars that we consume in the form of desserts and sodas but also sugars that come from complex carbohydrates and also fruit. You should not exclude all of the sugar from your diet but you should make up for all the extra sugar you eat by exercising. It is not really simple to calculate your sugar intake but you can still control it if you try and you can also get a bigger amount of exercise in order to regulate the sugar amount that is being taken in and then digested by your body.", "id": "high8036.txt"}