{"answers": ["A", "D", "B", "B"], "options": [["a radio announcer", "a journalist", "a university professor", "a tour guide"], ["Yellowstone National Park", "The Grand Canyon", "Los Angeles, California", "C"], ["city residents' kindness and care", "the good services", "great opportunities of jobs", "the varieties of cities"], ["Welcome to Trip Advisor", "America's Major Tourist Attractions", "The Power of the Internet", "It's Tourists Who Decide Where to Go"]], "questions": ["The author is most possibly   _  .", "Which of the following is the best place to visit if you want to know about American history?", "According to Brooke Ferencsik,   _   make America's major cities the most popular destinations for visitors.", "Which of the following can be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "A listener from Brazil recently wrote to us asking for some advice. He's planning a trip to the United States, and wanted to know about the best places to travel in America. Today, we tell about the most popular places to visit in the country, and hear about what makes them so appealing.\nEach of the 50 states in America has interesting things to offer visitors, but some are more popular than others. Washington, D.C. is famous for its historical places, like the White House and the Lincoln Memorial. Visitors to Los Angeles, California can see the Hollywood Walk of Fame or shop the stores on Rodeo Drive where they may see a star or two. The Grand Canyon in Arizona appeals to hikers, climbers and nature lovers, as does Yellowstone National Park in Wyoming.\nTrip Advisor is a website where people can write reviews about their travel experiences. There are also ratings for hotels, restaurants, and places people have visited around the world. Every year, Trip Advisor makes a list of the top 25 cities to visit in the United States. The results are based on the opinions of visitors to the website.\nAmerica's major cities are still the most popular destinations for visitors. This is probably because of the good quality of services they provide tourists.\n\"They do a great job of giving travelers what they want when they're on vacation. I think they kind of cater to every type of traveler need. So whether you're traveling alone, you're traveling for business, you're traveling with your family - whatever it is, those destinations are really tuned in to delivering amazing experiences and just a lot of different opportunities when you're there.\" said Brooke Ferencsik, a tourist from Germany.", "id": "high8048.txt"}