{"answers": ["D"], "options": [["Because they can gain greathappiness.", "Because it is easier for the children to throw themselves in the role", "Because they tend to have wild imagination", "Because when they see the magic in the tales in the beginning, they can face the future"]], "questions": ["Why is it important to tell the fairytales to the children when young?"], "article": "''If you can see the magic in a fairytale), you can face the future\"-- Danielle Steel\nWho have not read fairytales? We all have had the experience of taking great delight in the beauty and innocence of fairytales.May it be Cinderella or Sleeping Beauty...Fairytale is a word which cannot be new to us. But haveyou ever travelled ages back to the earliest of times and uncovered the fascinating facts about these stories?\nThe history of the fairytale is particularly difficult to track.The oral tradition of the fairytale came long before the written page.The oldest known fairytales date back to ancient Egypt around 1300B.C.and now, after travelling through various periods of time, they have grown and matured in various aspects and have become the most popular forms of stories for young children\nThe characters and themes of fairytales are simple and similar:Princesses and goose girls, youngest sons and brave princes, wicked, stepmothers, fairy godmothers, talking animals, glass mountains, witches, castles and the like. The tale goes into an unreal world and in this never-never land our heroes kill the enemy, succeed to kingdoms and marry the ever beautiful princesses. W. H Auden said, \"The way to read a fairytale is to throw yourself in.\"  It is very true indeed or you will not be able to feel the _ of reading a fairytale. So whenever you read a fairytale, imagine you arethe hero/heroine and you will be carried to a mysterious land where everything will be as you want.\nEvery child believes in fairies , dragons, etc. Yet, as we grow up we fail to believe in these fantasy-based characters.Fairytales are told to children when they are young. This is very essential indeed, for if in the beginning of our lives, our minds are touched by the beauty, innocence and the morals in these tales, we will be able to obtain the optimistic side of happenings.In life, sometimes, believing in such mystics can lead to greathappiness.\nWell, I don't know about you, but I do believe in fairies...and who knows I may someday meet one because, after all, believing is just the beginning! And as J.M. Barries said, \" _ .\" And I wouldn't want anyone dead on my account, would you?", "id": "high8053.txt"}