{"answers": ["D", "B", "D"], "options": [["enjoy less pleasure of life", "focus less on completing their tasks", "make others feel less delighted", "are better solving problems and conflicts"], ["like to challenge more goals", "may have more good moods", "are easier to resist temptation", "are less satisfied with their life"], ["rarely prefer pleasures", "often create conflicting goals", "like to put up with pain", "stay away from negative emotions"]], "questions": ["According to the research, the self-controlled people   _  .", "From the smart phone experiments, the researchers found self-controlled people   _  .", "Different from the less-controlled ones, the highly self-controlled people  _  ."], "article": "Self-control can make you happier not only in the long-run, but also in the moment.\nThe research showed that self-control isn't about giving up desires, but more about managing conflicting goals. Since most people consider highly self-controlled ones as being more task-centered, the scientists decided to find out the connection between self-control and people's happiness to determine if being self-disciplined leaves people feel less joyful.\nThrough a set of tests-including one that assessed 414 middle-aged participants on self-control and another that randomly interviewed volunteers on their smart phones about their mood and any desires they might be experiencing, researchers found a strong connection between higher levels of self-control and satisfaction.\nThe smart phone experiment also showed how self-control may improve mood. Those who showed the greatest self-control reported more good moods and fewer bad ones. But this didn't appear to be linked to being more able to resist temptation --it was because they exposed themselves to fewer situations that might inspire desires in the first place. They were doing a number of things that bring them happiness and avoiding problematic desires and conflicts.\nThat became clear in the study's last experiment, which looked into how self-control affects the way people handle goals that conflict with one another. In particular, the researchers were interested in how self-disciplined and less-disciplined people differed when it came to choosing among \"virtues\" and \"vices\" like the pleasure of eating sugar cookie vs. the pain of gaining weight. Participants were asked to list three important goal conflicts they experienced regularly and were also questioned on how they managed to balance the goals.\nThe highly self-controlled showed an obvious difference from those with less discipline over their lives. They tended to avoid creating situations in which their goals would conflict, and reported fewer instances of having to choose between short-term pleasure and long-term pain. As a result, they experienced fewer negative emotions.\nAnd self-control doesn't always mean _ : it may mean saving now to get big payoff later. For dieters, it means making choices to avoid entering a bakery since you are more likely to buy a cupcake. Granted, self-control isn't the best way to instant satisfaction, but it may bring something even better: long-term contentment.", "id": "high8059.txt"}