{"answers": ["D", "C", "B"], "options": [["she found it hard to contact with her husband", "she settled in Silicon Valley for fifty years", "she got marred to a technical specialist", "her husband suffered from cancer"], ["Having so many close neighbors.", "Experiencing too much all her life.", "Living simply and in her own style.", "Being involved in modern technology."], ["Critical.", "Positive.", "Neutral.", "Negative."]], "questions": ["The author's mother began to use mobile phone when  _  .", "What is the author's mother most proud of according to the passage?", "What is the author's attitude towards his mother's such kind of experience?"], "article": "My mother is the only living person who has never communicated via email or text. She has never turned on a computer, registered an email account, used data storage media or searched the Internet. Since 1955, she has settled in Silicon Valley, married to an extremely technical specialist in applied physics and engineering, designing photometric systems for NASA. Only when Dad suffered from cancer could we convince her she needed a cell phone. Mom's being separated from the information age is voluntary and deliberate.\nMom is still that farm girl, and she takes the most pride in it. She sees her neighbor and her community \"real\". She shows no interest in the digital and virtual life. My mother saw Depression, World War II and the beginning of the Cold War before reaching voting age. She enjoyed country music on \"The Sons of the Pioneers\", a Canadian broadcast. The battery was so precious a resource that radio was limited to the barn because Grandma thought it helped cows produce milk. In the age when Churchill moved millions for the first time with radio broadcasts, she only experienced live media monthly, if at all.\nIn her early twenties, Mom completed nurses' training and worked in that field before marriage, family and church became her life's concerns. She never really warmed up to television, though I think she appreciated a few of the series we watched, comedies like All in the Family. Computers, the Internet and mobile apps are simply not part of her experience.\nMom disagrees with the opinion that technology simplifies life. In her life, she sees online records, email and paperless systems as mysteries in which no written reference can assist her.\nHowever, I can partly understand: I like such kind of experience and relationship one has with physical books. I am a child of television who only recently switched to online viewing. I've written down my awkward, love-hate relationship with my devices. _ , but it works for her. She's happiest as she is.", "id": "high8061.txt"}