{"answers": ["D"], "options": [["Music may cheer you up, but it can't let you down.", "Music used to comfort sport players in games.", "Electronic music can affect our emotions much less.", "Different music will cause different emotions in us."]], "questions": ["Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?"], "article": "Listening to your favorite music can make a person feel great and can make their emotions change. The song you are listening to can affect how you feel. Different types of music may make you cry, laugh, or even feel anger. According to researches, music is a complex sound that causes a large variety of emotional responses in listeners.\n _ . Researches have shown that basic emotions, such as happiness, anger, fear, and sadness, can be recognized in and created by musical stimuli   in humans.\nI know from experience that when I am in a bad mood, I'll listen to my favorite CD. I don't know what it is about the music but it just makes me feel better almost instantly. All of you have CDs or songs that make you feel great when you're feeling down. Music has that power and none of us realize that until we really think about it. The physical effects that music has on us are almost the same as the emotional ones.\nMusic can change you in many ways, depending on the kind of music you are being exposed to. According to \"Music and Emotions\", electronic music with loud sounds will physically affect you more easily than any other type of music. Certain types of music can give you courage and strengthen your willpower, while other types can make you relaxed. I can think of a good example for music bringing willpower and strength to you, when you are getting ready before a sport. The sport I play is football and I know that if I don't listen to a certain mix of songs, my head is all over the place. If I listen to some certain songs I become very energized and feel better about things.\nMusic affects your emotions in many ways. It also affects your physical status. Music also is the key to your enjoying of a movie. Music affects your emotions by being able to change your state of mind from a sad mood to a happy one. It can also make a person feel great before a competition. Music is also the key to Movies. Without music in movies there would be no suspense, no horror and no excitement. It makes movies what they are to us.", "id": "high8062.txt"}