{"answers": ["B", "C", "C"], "options": [["hoped that someone would give him a house for his paper clip", "didn't expect anyone to give him a house for a paper clip", "didn't know if anyone would exchange a house for a paper clip", "expected that he would have a house after 14 trades"], ["something you can write with", "something you hold when you open a door", "something you can cook food on", "a small vehicle for riding across snow and ice"], ["give all the houses on Main Street away", "leave town and live somewhere else", "attract more people to come and live there", "offer the keys to houses in the city"]], "questions": ["When Kyle MacDonald started his Internet bartering, he  _  .", "The third thing that Kyle MacDonald received was  _  .", "The people of Kipling, Saskatchewan wanted to  _  ."], "article": "Do you dream of owning your own house? Canadian Kyle MacDonald, a 26-year-old from Vancouver who is a resident in Montreal, has just achieved it. MacDonald, who has spent much of his time since graduating from college backpacking round Europe and Asia and whose main income appears to come from working as a pizza-delivery man, decided last year that he wanted to settle down. However, when he checked the real estate market, he quickly realized that he had no chance of raising the depositon a home of his own.\nSo he came up with an inventive solution. Using the power of the Internet, he decided to try to barter  his way to a house. His starting offer One red paper clip  . Of course, he didn't expect someone to offer him a house for the paper clip, he simply wanted to trade it for something that was more valuable. 14 trades later, he is now the owner of a house in Kipling, Saskatchewan.\nHis first trade took place when two women from his hometown offered him a pen in the shape of a fish. MacDonald then traded the fish-pen for a doorknob, then the doorknob for a stove. Further _ brought him an electricity generator and a ski-bob, a small vehicle on tracks that people use to ride across snow and ice. After nine trades, he had a recording contract at a music studio in Toronto.\nBut Kyle pressed on, still convinced that he would eventually get a house. After trades which brought him the opportunity to spend a day with rock star Alice Cooper and to have a small part in a Hollywood movie, he struck gold.\nWhen words of Kyle's astonishing barter journey reached the people of Kipling, they decided to make their move. The population of the town is a little more than l,000, and falling fast. By offering the keys to an empty house on Main Street, Kipling hoped to bring much needed publicity--and residents--to the fading town. And they seem to have succeeded!", "id": "high8064.txt"}