{"answers": ["C", "A"], "options": [["his father was making and mending pots and kettles", "Bunyan had poor and mean early surroundings", "the rich usually got their wealth in dishonest ways", "Bunyan studied the Bible to save the human souls"], ["advise people to obey religious principles for salvation", "add spiritual significance to the commonplace details", "to combine the strange things with the familiar things", "tell people that life is a simple and familiar journey"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, Bunyan hated the rich people mainly because   _  .", "John Bunyan wrote the book The Pilgrim's Progress in order to   _  ."], "article": "British writer John Bunyan was born at Elstow, Bedfordshire, England, in November, 1628. His father was a maker and mender of pots and kettles, and the son followed the same trade. Though he is usually called a tinker, Bunyan had a settled home and place of business. He had little schooling, and he describes his early surroundings as poor and mean. He became much interested in religions, but it was only after a tremendous spiritual conflict, lasting three or four years, that he found peace. His struggles are related with extraordinary vividness and intensity in his \"Grace Abounding to the Chief of Sinners.\" His writing began with a controversy against the Quakers  , and shows from the first the command of a homely but vigorous style.\nLike most working men at the time, Bunyan had a deep hatred for the corrupted, hypocritical rich who accumulated their wealth \"by hook and by crook.\" As a stout Puritan , he had made a conscientious study of the Bible and firmly believed in salvation   through spiritual struggle.\nBunyan's style was modeled after that of the English Bible. With his concrete and living language and carefully observed and vividly presented details, he made it possible for the reader of the least education to share the pleasure of reading his novel and to relive the experience of his characters.\nBunyan's works include Grace Abounding to the Chief of Sinners (1666), The Life and Death of Mr. Badman (1680), The Holy War (1682) and The Pilgrim's Progress (1684).\nThe Pilgrim's Progress is the most successful religious allegory   in the English language. Its purpose is to urge people to observe Christian doctrines and seek salvation through constant struggle with their own weaknesses and all kinds of social evils. It is not only about something spiritual but also bears much relevance to the time. Its predominant metaphor -- life as a journey -- is simple and familiar. The objects that Christian meets are homely and commonplace, and the scenes presented are typical English ones, but throughout the allegory a spiritual significance is added to the commonplace details. Here the strange is combined with the familiar and the trivial joined to the divine, and, a rich imagination and a natural talent for storytelling also contribute to the success of the work which is at once entertaining and morally instructive.\n\"The Vanity Fair,\" is an excerpt from The Pilgrim's Progress. The story starts with a dream in which the author sees Christian the Pilgrim, with a heavy burden on his back, reading the Bible. When he learns from the book that the city in which he and his family live shall be burnt down in a fire, Christian tries to convince his family and his neighbors of the oncoming disaster and asks them to go with him in search of salvation, but most of them simply ignore him. So he starts off with a friend, Pliable. Pliable turns back after they stumble into a pit, the Slough of Despond. Christian struggles on by himself. Then he is misled by Mr. Wordly Wiseman and is brought back onto the right road by Mr. Evangelist. There he joins Faithful, a neighbor who has set out later but has made better progress. The two go on together through many adventures, including the great struggle with Apollyon, who claims them to be his subjects and refuse to accept their allegiance to God. After many other adventures they come to the Vanity Fair where both are arrested as alien agitators. They are tried and Faithful is condemned to death. Christian, however manages to escape and goes on his way, assisted by a new friend, Hopeful. Tired of the hard journey, they are tempted to take pleasant path and are then captured by Giant Despair. Finally they get away and reach the Celestial City, where they enjoy eternal life in the fellowship of the blessed.", "id": "high8068.txt"}