{"answers": ["D", "C", "A", "C"], "options": [["help travelers pass time", "attract lots of travelers to theUK", "allow travelers to make flexible plans", "cause travelers to pay more for accommodation"], ["lies on the ground floor", "is located in centralLondon", "provides cooking facilities for tourists", "costs over PS100 on average per day in late September"], ["half an hour", "one hour", "one hour and a half", "two hours"], ["to tell visitors how to book in advance", "to supply visitors with hotel information", "to offer visitors some money-saving tips", "to show visitors the importance of self-help"]], "questions": ["TheBrightonComedy Festival is mentioned mainly to show big events may   _  .", "The passage shows that the O'Neill Flat   _  .", "Cardiff's program allows a free bike for a maximum period of   _  .", "The main purpose of the passage is   _  ."], "article": "Planning a visit to the UK? Here we help with ways to cut your costs.\nAVOID BIG EVENTS Big sporting events, concerts and exhibitions can increase the cost of accommodation and make it harder to find a room. A standard double room at the Thistle Brighton on the final Friday of the Brighton Comedy Festival(19 Oct.) cost PS169. 15 at Booking.com. A week later, the same room costPS 118.15\nIf you can be flexible and want to know dates to avoid--or you're looking for a big event to pass your time--check out sites such as Whatsonwhen.com, which allow you to search for events in the UK by city, date and category.\nSTAYAWAY FROM THE STATIONIf traveling to your destination by train, you may want to find a good base close to the station, but you could end up paying more for the sake of convenience at the start of your holiday.\nDon't be too choosy about the part of town you stay in. Booking two months in advance, the cheapest room at Travelodge's Central Euston hotel inLondonfor Saturday 22 September was PS95.95. A room just a tube journey away at itsCovent Gardenhotel was PS75.75. And at Farringdon, a double room cost just PS62.95.\nLOOK AFTER YOURSELFReally central hotels in cities such asLondon,EdinburghandCardiffcan cost a fortune, especially at weekends and during big events. As an alternative consider checking into a self-catering flat with its own kitchen. Often these flats are hidden away on the top floors of city centre buildings. A great example is the historic O'Neill Flat onEdinburgh's Royal Mile, available for PS420 for five days in late September, with room for four adults.\nGET ON A BIKELondon's 'Boris bikes' have attracted the most attention, but other cities also have similar programmes that let you rent a bicycle and explore at your own pace, saving you on public transport or car parking costs.\nAmong the smaller cities with their own programmes areNewcastle(casual members pay around PS1.50 for two hours) andCardiff(free for up to 30 minutes, or PS5 per day).", "id": "high8082.txt"}