{"answers": ["B", "C", "D"], "options": [["found people were crazy about bread", "began to realize the importance of food", "thought that cutting bread was amazing", "learned people hardly baked their own bread"], ["he/she makes food from scratch", "his/her parents would blame him/her", "some customs still have effect on him/her", "many people are still working hard as farmers"], ["most meals can be interesting topics for a long time", "the whole family often have meals together nowadays", "it's common for women to get together to cook for a few days", "family members can know more. about each other by having meals together"]], "questions": ["When the writer was a child, he / she   _  .", "The writer feels very sorry when he/she has to throw away any food because", "From the text, we can learn that, in Poland,   _  ."], "article": "I believe that my country, Poland, is a perfect example for a place where food is particularly important. When we were little children, we began to understand how much a loaf of bread meant to our parents--to some it might sound silly but for me the custom of kissing bread before you started cutting it was simply amazing. It's not so common nowadays to treat food that way, since you hardly ever bake your own bread. Besides, everyone would call you crazy if you tried to kiss every bread roll before you ate them! But though we no longer make our food from scratch  , some customs have been kept--that's why I feel so sorry every time I have to throw any food away--even though I no longer live with my parents and nobody would blame me for this anymore!\nMany people of our nation are still working as farmers, eating what they grow and harvest and therefore enjoying everything more. It's widely known that you value more anything that needs your effort in the first place. In most homes in Poland, especially those of farmers, the whole family would try and have their meals together--extremely difficult now, but so rewarding   ! You can share other members' troubles and successes, give your children some attention, or just sit down for a moment instead of rushing through life aimlessly. Furthermore, your body, and stomach in particular will be very grateful   for such a time!\nIn Poland, a wedding, Christmas or even a birthday is celebrated with a great meal. Women in the house get together and cook, sometimes for a few days before the event, and the extremely good or unusual food will be remembered and widely talked about.\nYou cannot over-value the importance of food in the country. What's more, almost everyone in Poland will be as interested in the topic as I am.", "id": "high8087.txt"}