{"answers": ["B", "C", "C"], "options": [["they knew they would have no school for the next day", "it was the first time they had seen snow", "they knew that winter had come", "they liked cold weather"], ["their teachers were sure that children liked snow", "they wanted to play on the snow field", "heavy snow blocked the roads", "their mother allowed them to play truant"], ["a snowman and a cardboard house of their own", "a snowman and a snow house for themselves to live in", "a snowman and a snow house with their neighbors' children", "a white blanket on the roads"]], "questions": ["The children all cheered when they saw the snow because   _  .", "The children didn't have to go to school because   _  .", "The writer and his brothers and sisters built   _  ."], "article": "Our first winter in Canada was the happiest we have experienced. We were living in the countryside then and had just arrived from Hong Kong that autumn. One evening in mid December snow began to fall. When we looked out of the window and saw that it was snowing, we all cheered. It was the first snow we had ever seen and we were excited. We could hardly wait for the snow to stop so that we could go out to play. Next morning when we woke up, it was still snowing. We switched on the radio and learned that more than ten inches of snow had falled during the night and that since the roads were blocked there would be no school that day. We jumped up and down for joy and begged mother to let us go outside to play in the snow. She said we could go out after breakfast if we dressed ourselves warmly and promised to come back as soon as we felt cold.\nWhen we went out, the snow had almost stopped. The roads , paths, gardens, and playing grounds were all hidden under a white blanket of soft snow. It was the most beautiful sight we had ever seen. Just then, we saw some neighbour's children coming out to play. We ran over to join them. Together we built a snowman and a snow house. After that, we took turns sliding down a hill on a large piece of cardboard. We were having so much fun when supper time came. Mother almost had to force us to go in and eat.", "id": "high8095.txt"}