{"answers": ["A", "C", "B"], "options": [["physical exercise affected their health", "physical exercise gave them a deep thought", "asthma attacks made them like physical exercise", "asthma attacks could be cured through physical exercise"], ["Kids are likely to suffer asthma attacks in the fall", "Stress can add to the risk of asthma attacks", "Medical officials should be blamed for asthma attacks", "Asthma attacks will need necessary medical treatment"], ["A viral infection", "unhealthy habits", "certain fall allergies", "physical exercise"]], "questions": ["By saying \"Running, power walking, jogging and push-ups took their toll.\", the writer means that  _  .", "Which of the following statements is NOT supported by the passage?", "The passage lists many factors that cause asthma attacks except  _  ."], "article": "Jeremy Wirick, 9, has been back in school for less than two months, but he has already had several asthma attacks. A recent attack happened on October 2, after he pushed himself too hard in gym class. Running, power walking, jogging and push-ups took their toll. When Jeremy got home an hour or two later, he was out of breath. He needed to use a nebulizer, a machine that helps send medicine quickly to the lungs, to get his breathing back to normal.\nAsthma attacks like Jeremy increase in September and October. More than six times as many asthma sufferers who are elementary-school age need hospital treatment in the fall as in the summer.\nExperts believe many factors can contribute to back-to-school asthma. Kids get together in close spaces, they start passing viruses around. A viral infection can cause an asthma attack. There are also certain fall allergies that can cause attacks. Exercise is another common cause of an attack. Besides, the stress of school can make asthma worse.\nParents can play a big role in helping kids with asthma start the school year right. Dawne Gee's10-year-old son, Alexander, has had asthma since he was a baby. Before the school year starts, she tells school workers in writing about her son's asthma.\nThe Gees live in Kentucky, which has passed laws allowing students to carry their asthma medication with them at school. Alexander's mom makes sure he has his inhaler with him when he goes to school and that he keeps it on hand at all times. In Delaware, where Jeremy lives, kids are allowed to carry their inhalers at school.\nThe American Lung Association says that about 6.2 million American children suffer from asthma. Asthma is the chronic   illness that causes students to miss the most days of school. There are many things that schools can do to help students control their asthma", "id": "high8099.txt"}