{"answers": ["C", "B", "C"], "options": [["To fall in love with a person.", "To find a real person loving you.", "To make the flames of love burning forever.", "To keep good relations with friends."], ["try to get rid of your bad manners as soon as possible.", "make certain that the person you love is also sincere", "try to find out whether the person you love really loves you", "make sure that you treat the person sincerely"], ["to value everything one has", "to be sincere with the people around", "to live a life full of love all one's life", "to avoid being a selfish person"]], "questions": ["Which of the following do you think is the most difficult?", "If you want to keep the flames of love burning, you should  _  .", "According to the passage, the writer wants to tell us  _"], "article": "Suppose you have everything: a good job, good health, good relationships and a lot of money to spend. But still there is something missing from your life. Guess what? The love. It is not something that you should ignore. Life without love is just like body without soul.\nLove gives meaning to life as without love life is meaningless. Lucky is the person who gets love and keeps the flames of love burning for ever. It is not a matter of days or months. _ \nIt is easy to fall in love but difficult to keep the flames of love burning. Before having serious long term love relationships, be sure that the person you love is also sincere with you. A selfish person can make your life terrible. If this is the case with you then try to get rid of that person as soon as possible.\nMost people do not give importance to their love life as they give importance to their professional life. This is a bad choice which ruins the whole life. A balance between the two is necessary in order to enjoy life in its entirety. Do not lose the love you need.\nIn order to make your life more exciting and enjoyable, you need a loving and caring person with whom you can share your values, dreams, joys and jokes. In difficult times of failure, pain, or loss of dear ones, this person should stand firm beside you and comfort you in every possible manner.\nLove your life and love the person who is in your life. Keep the flames of love burning to live a great, great life.", "id": "high8106.txt"}