{"answers": ["D", "B"], "options": [["take an adventure", "travel to England", "try a new lifestyle", "hire a motorhome"], ["Booking early is much cheaper.", "Summer is usually a very busy season.", "You can arrange your time better this way.", "Students usually book them to earn money."]], "questions": ["The main purpose of this text is to explain why it is a good idea to   _  .", "Why should you book a motorhome early if you want to book one for this summer?"], "article": "Do you want a bit of an adventure? Would you like to discover all the corners of the UK, or travel abroad? Maybe you have never tried the motorhome lifestyle before. Well, read this article and you will know why a motorhome is a good choice.\nNothing is better than a motorhome. It has so many uses that it is considered the most _ vehicle and it is also very comfortable. If you are thinking about hiring a motorhome this summer, then the best choice is to book it early, especially if you are considering the school holidays. The motorhome hire service is very seasonal and motorhome hire companies will never have extra vehicles available in the summer months.\nThere are a lot of companies throughout the UK, and some of the big ones have motorhomes spread all over the country. At present, the largest network for motorhome hire is provided by Motorhome which is based in Cambridge. If you are in the UK, you may phone 0800612-8719 for details of its motorhome hire information. Motorhome has a network of over 500 vehicles all over England, Scotland and Wales.\nMost people wishing to hire a motorhome are families that are looking for an alternative to a European package holiday, especially as flying now has become more expensive, and is considered to be environmentally unfriendly. There is no doubt that the idea of no-fly holidays is going to become more popular as fewer people think it is safe to fly. This explains why more and more people are choosing to hire a motorhome for their holidays.", "id": "high8109.txt"}