{"answers": ["D", "C", "A"], "options": [["A successful cosmetics saleswoman.", "A beautiful shop owner in London.", "A popular cosmetics producer in France.", "A founder of a cosmetics company in America."], ["He supported her and helped her.", "He didn't care about what she did.", "He was very angry at her for what she did.", "He was proud of what she did."], ["on purpose", "with the store's permission", "by accident", "carelessly"]], "questions": ["Which of the following can best describe Estee Lauder?", "What was Estee Lauder's father's attitude towards her when she tried her products on her female relatives?", "Estee managed to get her products known to the French customers by dropping a bottle of youth dew on the floor in the cosmetics department of a store   _  ."], "article": "In fine department stores everywhere, you'll see the light-blue boxes of Estee Lauder. These popular cosmetics   are sold in more than 130 countries. Who's the woman behind this worldwide cosmetics empire  ? Estee Lauder herself, of course. This businesswoman became, for a time, the world's richest self-made woman. Her secret? \"I didn't get there by dreaming about it,\" she would say. \"I got there by doing it.\" Estee was born in the early 1900s in Queens, New York. Her father ran a hardware   store, and from him Estee learned how to be a successful salesperson. Estee learned from her uncle John Schotz, too. He made creams in a small laboratory behind the family's house. Estee watched him. Soon, she was experimenting with her own cosmetics. She put lipstick   and creams on any female relative who'd let her, until her annoyed father told her to stop.\nShe married Joseph H. Lauder in 1930, and continued her experiments. She would cook dinner for the family, and at the same time, make her face creams. Then she began to sell her products in a Manhattan beauty shop.\nIn 1960, Estee began to sell her products in Europe. After many tries she succeeded and began selling her products in some stores in London. But France proved even more difficult. The store Galleries Lafayette refused to sell her products. So Estee \"by accident\" dropped a bottle of youth dew   on the floor in the cosmetics department. As the _ spread around the store, customers came over and asked to buy it. The store soon began selling Estee's products.\nEstee led her company until 1982, when her son Leonard took over the business. Until her health worsened in the mid-1990s, she continued to attend the opening of a new store wherever in the world. She died on April 24, 2004. Estee Lauder's talent as a saleswoman was extraordinary. Her son Leonard said, \"There was never anyone who could sell like she could.\" All who worked for Estee appreciated her special talent.", "id": "high8112.txt"}