{"answers": ["A", "C", "D", "D"], "options": [["They care a lot about children.", "They need looking after in their old age.", "They want to enrich their life experience.", "They want children to keep them company."], ["They are usually adopted from distant places.", "Their birth parents often try to conceal their birth information.", "Their birth information is usually kept secret.", "Their adoptive parents don't want them to know their birth parents."], ["They generally hold bad feelings towards their birth parents.", "They do not want to hurt the feelings of their adoptive parents.", "They are fully aware of the expenses  involved in the search.", "They have mixed feelings about finding their natural parents."], ["Early adoption makes for closer parent-child relationship.", "Most people prefer to adopt children from overseas.", "Understanding is the key to successful adoption.", "Adoption has much to do with love."]], "questions": ["According to the passage, some couples adopt children because  _", "Why is it difficult for adoptees to find out about their birth parents?", "Adoptees find it hard to make the decision to search for their birth parents, because  _", "What can we infer from the passage?"], "article": "When couples get married, they usually plan to have children. Sometimes, however, a couple can not have a child of their own. In this case, they may decide to adopt  a child. In fact, adoption is very common today. There are about 60 thousand adoptions each year in the United States alone. Some people prefer to adopt _ , others adopt older children, some couples adopt children from their own countries, and others adopt children from foreign countries. In any case, they all adopt children for the same reason ---- they care about children and want to give their adopted child a happy life.\nMost adopted children know that they are adopted. Psychologists  and child-care experts generally think this is a good idea. However, many adopted children or adoptees have very little information about their biological parents. As a matter of fact, it is often very difficult for adoptees to find out about their birth parents because the birth records of most adoptees are usually sealed. The information is secret so no one can see it. Naturally, adopted children have different feelings about their birth parents. Many adoptees want to search for them, but others do not. The decision to search for birth parents is a difficult one to make. Most adoptees have mixed feelings about finding their biological parents. Even though adoptees do not know about their natural parents, they do know that their adopted parents want them, love them and will care for them.", "id": "high8118.txt"}