{"answers": ["B", "A", "D"], "options": [["would like to talk to you", "is well worth focusing on", "wants to make friends with you", "is the one you're looking for"], ["decide what to do according to the situation", "go on with what you are doing", "stop doing anything immediately", "finish what you are doing with her"], ["Always be friendly to others at a party.", "It is important for you to be active at a party.", "You should respect your wife at any time.", "Improve your communication skills by focusing on others"]], "questions": ["A person who has a low-level job probably   _  .", "If your wife wants to talk to you when you are busy, you should   _  .", "What is the main idea of this passage?"], "article": "When you are talking to somebody at a party, do you focus entirely on the person you are speaking with or does your attention keep jumping around the room to all the other people there? General1y, if the person is someone you really want to talk to, you will focus on him. Most other people will only get about half of your attention.\nYou may think that this is OK, because if you don't really want to talk to him, then what does it matter if you don't give him your full attention? Consider two things. First, you may just not realize the importance of that conversation. If you are at a networking meeting and you hope to meet the CEO of Company X, but you end up talking to someone who has a low-level job at a different company, then you may let your attention wander as you speak to him. But maybe you don't realize that this person has already met the CEO and could introduce you. Do you think he will do that if he feels you don't really care about speaking to him? This doesn't mean you need to spend the whole time talking to him. Five or ten minutes of real attentive conversation can be worth 30 minutes to an hour of partial attention.\nSecond, whether you want to speak to someone is based on the situation. You can love your wife, but if she tries to talk to you while you are watching something you like on TV, where is your attention going? Make your own decision, but if you want her to feel valued, give her your 100% attention. The nice thing is that in many cases you can give her your attention for a few minutes and then return to what you were doing. You miss very little, she feels valued, and all is good.", "id": "high815.txt"}