{"answers": ["A", "D", "B", "C"], "options": [["kids live an unsafe life in parts of the world", "the balls sent to kids should be of good quality", "young kids can not overcome the difficulties", "kids intend to break their toys into pieces"], ["send ball gifts to kids in poor countries", "collect money to help kids in need", "comfort kids in war-torn areas", "offer kids help to change their lives"], ["He was very proud of Mosie's bravery.", "He felt sorry for Mosie's ruined childhood.", "He thought money could solve Mosie's problem.", "He felt happy to tell him what was in his heart."], ["It earned a lot of money to help kids like Mosie.", "The photos inside reflected the kids' hopeless life.", "Its title shows the author's belief to change the world.", "It changed the life of the kids recorded in the book."]], "questions": ["In the first sentence of the passage, the writer implies that  _  .", "The purpose of The HOPE IS A GAME-CHANGER PROJECT is to  _  .", "How may Bobby feel about Mosie?", "Which of the following about Bobby's new book is TRUE?"], "article": "The HOPE IS A GAME--CHANGER PROJECT will deliver unbreakable soccer balls to kids who, all too often, see things horrible, broken and not survive the simplest of circumstances. The project started taking form well before anyone knew where it would lead -which is to test the power of like-minded people working together to turn inspiration into action.\nFour years ago Bobby was in Rwanda offering help to the people there and taking photos of a child soldier named Moise with his \"soccer ball\",which was a pile of rubbish tied together with a string. This \"ball\" was the only thing Moise could call his own --- no family, no home, no place to go. Forced to fight in the Congo and having killed three people at the unbearably young age of seven, the boy's spirit was broken. And Bobby knew, as he took one photo after the next, that he'd never forget him. In fact, he returned the following year to tell Moise he had stayed deep within his heart ---but he was gone.\nI recently helped Bobby launch his new bookThe Power of the Invisible Sunwhich features a photo of Moise, his ball, and kids from war-torn areas around the world. All of his earnings go towards the HOPE IS A GAME-CHANGER PROJECT for the kids he visited over the past decade. They caught the emotional landscape from heartbreak to joy, but share the undeniable longing for recovery and hope.\nBobby and I share the unchangeable belief that delivering hope is really a game-changer, especially to a child. We believe that each indestructible ball will come to represent a lasting symbol of hope. A light no matter how small---The Power of the Invisible Sun.\nThis holiday season, I ask you to think about whether you are doing enough to help someone else in the world. Or as Bobby likes to put it, consider _ , which added together, can create transformational change. It's my great hope that the HOPE IS A GAME-CHANGER PROJECT will change the lives of children the world over --- one book, one ball at a time.", "id": "high8158.txt"}