{"answers": ["B", "C", "D", "B"], "options": [["People think highly of science.", "People hold mixed opinions about science.", "Science is getting dangerously out of control.", "Science is used for both good and bad purposes."], ["The development of science will hopelessly slow down.", "Businesses will have even greater influence on science.", "The public will lose faith in bringing about a bright future.", "People will work more actively to put science under control."], ["scientists have failed to predict the outcomes", "the ties between different areas need strengthening", "united efforts are necessary for the development of science", "people need to work together to prevent the bad use of science"], ["Science and its applications bring us many dangers.", "The development of science mostly lies in people's attitudes.", "Mankind can largely take control of science with their efforts.", "The future of science will be influenced by the dangerous ideas."]], "questions": ["What can we conclude from the recent study?", "According to the passage, what will happen if we hold that science is getting beyond control?", "The discussion should reach beyond scientific societies because   _  .", "What is the main idea of the passage?"], "article": "A recent study, while showing a generally positive attitude toward science, also suggests a widespread worry that it may be \"running out of control\". This idea is dangerous.\nScience can be a force for evil as well as for good. Its applications can be channeled either way, depending on our decisions. The decisions we make, personally or collectively, will determine the outcomes of science. But here is a real danger. Science is advancing so fast is so strongly influenced by businesses that we are likely to believe whatever decisions we come to will make little difference. And, rather than fighting for the best possible policies, we may step back and do nothing.\nSome people go even further. They say that despite the moral and legal objections  , whatever is scientifically possible will be done ----somewhere, sometime. They believe that science will get out of control in the end. This belief is dangerous too, because it a fuels sense of  hopelessness and discourages them from making efforts to build a safer world.\nIn our interconnected world, the lack of agreement in and of the world of science can lead to the failure to control the use of science. Without a common understanding, the challenges of \"controlling\" science in this century will be really tough. Take human cloning for example. Despite the general agreement among scientists on its possible huge impact   on traditional moral values, some countries still go ahead with the research and development of its related techniques. The outcomes are hard to predict.\nTherefore, discussions on how science is applied should be extended far beyond scientific societies. Only through the united efforts of people with hope, can we be fully safe against the misuse of science and can science best serve mankind in the future.", "id": "high8160.txt"}