{"answers": ["C", "B", "C", "B"], "options": [["He is born deaf.", "He becomes deaf in a traffic accident.", "He woke up deaf in one ear one day.", "He becomes deaf due to taking some medicine."], ["getting up from bed", "doing his homework", "waking up from a dream", "wearing his clothes"], ["the author's hearing loss was cured after the treatment", "the author is unwilling to talk about his hearing loss with others", "the author took some medicine to treat his hearing loss", "the medicine that doctors gave him didn't work at all"], ["desperate", "optimistic", "depressed", "angry"]], "questions": ["What happened to the author?", "The author fell off his bed when  _  .", "From the text we can infer that  _  .", "At present, the author is  _  ."], "article": "You don't know what you've got until it's gone. I've learned that through my personal experiences. A few months ago, I woke up deaf in one ear. I did not pay much attention to it at first. It felt that I had water in my ear. However, I began to hear less and less out of that ear. I even had to ask people to talk into my other ear so that I could hear them. I didn't realize how serious it was until late in the day  . One evening, when I was sitting on my bed doing chemistry homework, I fell off my bed. When trying to get up, I was incredibly dizzy  .\nI went to see a doctor and he told me that hearing loss was common. However, hearing loss is usually bilatera _ or occurs in both ears. He said that my hearing should come back within a week. After about a week the dizziness eventually went away, but the hearing loss did not. The medicine helped and I gained some of my hearing back. After many hearing tests, the doctor diagnosed   that I had permanent hearing loss in that ear.\nSchool became harder for me because I couldn't hear my teachers. I was very depressed. Finally, I bought a hearing aid. With the hearing aid, my hearing is almost back to normal. It makes school and group conversations easier.\nMy friends, teachers and even complete strangers always ask me questions about hearing loss. I answer them patiently. I never get offended because I know this is new to them. I am delighted that I can teach them something new.\nWhat I have learned from this particular situation is that when things are desperate(;), there is always something good that can come out of it. My experiences have given me an opportunity to teach people about hearing loss and also taught me about the value of hearing.", "id": "high8177.txt"}