{"answers": ["B", "B"], "options": [["The special role of oxen in frowning.", "People's respect and love for oxen.", "The practical value of an ox's body.", "The contribution of oxen to the economy."], ["To stress the importance of oxen in farming.", "To introduce the Chinese folk culture.", "To describe how to celebrate the Year of Ox.", "To explain how to develop agriculture with oxen."]], "questions": ["Which of the following helps to develop traditional customs?", "Why does the author write the text?"], "article": "The year 2009 is the Year of Ox. The ox is a representative of the fanning culture of China. In the farming economy  , oxen are the major animals pulling plows  .\nOf course, the good of oxen is not limited to plowing.  In fact, they are seen as \"boats on land\" for their ability to carry loads. Besides, the whole body of an ox is full of treasures. Their meat and milk are food full of nutrition, and their skin can be used to make clothes and shoes. With all these qualities, oxen are regarded as generous creatures.\nIn the past, oxen played an important role in the spiritual life of the Chinese. Even today, oxen still play a special part in some folk activities. For example, some people who1ire in southwest China will cook cattle bone soup and share it among family members when holding the ceremony for children who reach 13. They believe that the cattle bone soup represents the blood relationship among family members. In order to express their love for oxen, people in some other areas will run to shake off diseases on the 16th day of the first month by the lunar calendar  , and during their run they will take their oxen along, which indicates they regard the creature as human.\nBecause of the contribution of oxen in their lives, the Chinese people are very grateful to the animal. In addition, the use of oxen in ceremonies and the thanks people owe to oxen help to develop various traditional customs, which becomes an important part of the folk culture of the Chinese nation.", "id": "high8185.txt"}