{"answers": ["D", "D", "A", "C", "C"], "options": [["Cancer - a leading cause of death in poor countries", "What should we do in preventing and treating cancer?", "What makes the first killer in developing countries?", "Experts urge more efforts to fight cancer in poor countries."], ["many Mexican women suffer from breast cancer", "there is not enough medicine for cancer there", "many Mexican women can't afford medical care", "patients with breast cancer are treated differently"], ["breast cancer is a great threat to young women", "people don't pay enough attention to breast cancer", "breast cancer is the second killer among women in Mexico", "effective treatment for breast cancer is available in developing countries"], ["The cancer patients.", "The health experts.", "Community health workers.", "Young women."], ["The number of cancer cases is decreasing.", "HIV/AIDS is not being taken seriously in Africa.", "Over 7.5 million people die of cancer every year.", "It is very expensive to treat cancer."]], "questions": ["What would be the best title for the passage?", "Felicia Knaul's experience in Mexico shows that  _  .", "From what Felicia Knaul says, we can draw the conclusion that  _  .", "Who plays an important part in preventing the cancer in developing countries?", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?"], "article": "Health experts are calling for action to expand cancer care and control in the developing world. A medical research paper says cancer was once thought of as a problem mostly in the developed world. But now cancer is a leading cause of death and disability in poor countries as well. Experts from Harvard University and other organizations urge the international community to fight cancer aggressively, saying it should be fought in the way HIV/AIDS has been fought in Africa.\nCancer kills more than 7.5 million people a year worldwide. Almost two-thirds are in low-income and middle-income countries.\nThey discover cancer dills more people in developing countries than AIDS, tuberculosis   and malaria   combined. But the world spends only 5% of its cancer resources in those countries.\nFelicia Knaul from Harvard Medical School was one of the authors of the paper. She was in Mexico when she was found to have breast cancer. She received treatment there and her experience showed her the sharp difference between the rich and the poor in treating breast cancer.\nFelicia Knaul says, \"And we are seeing how this is attacking young women. It's the number two cause of death in Mexico for women thirty to fifty-four. All over the developing world, it's the number one cancer-related death among young women. I think we have to again say that there is much more we could do about it than we are doing about it.\"\nProfessor Knalul met community health workers during her work in developing countries. They were an important part of efforts to reduce deaths from the cancer. They were able to persuade people to get tested to prevent the illness. The experts say cancer care does not have to be costly. For example, patients can be treated with lower-cost drugs.", "id": "high820.txt"}