{"answers": ["A", "B", "D"], "options": [["Newspaper articles about the weather.", "Bad weather forecasts in newspapers.", "Introduction to climate in different places.", "Popular science on climate."], ["Hurricane Babette damaged the northwestern coast of US", "when there's flooding, sandbags can be made and used to build wall", "the National Weather Service often takes measures to protect the local people", "people are often reminded of how to protect themselves from snowstorm"], ["stay on the ground floor but lie down under a bed", "go to the basement and wait under a table", "find a deep narrow place to lie down in", "drive his car away as fast as possible"]], "questions": ["What are the three short passages about?", "We can learn from the passages that   _  .", "According to the passages, a person who sees a tornado in his area, had better Not   _  ."], "article": "Hurricane  Babette reached the northeastern United States today and caused death and destruction everywhere. The killer storm carried winds of 135 miles per hour. The high winds and heavy rains, together with the force of the Atlantic Ocean, created extremely dangerous waves. It is not yet known how many people died or were hurt in this storm, but it is said that the numbers will be very high. The damage to homes, business and crops will run into billions of dollars. Now that the storm is over, the long, slow rebuilding will begin.\nWith the arrival of the tornado season, the National Weather Service is again telling people how to protect themselves from these deadly storms. The winds from tornadoes are the most violent winds on earth. They can blow up to 400 miles per hour. A tornado looks like a funnel . It is also very loud. It may sound like a train coming at you. In fact, the winds from a tornado can pick up a train and throw it around. If a tornado is seen in your area, it is very important that you protect yourself. A basement   is the safest place to go. Try to wait under a table in the basement. If your building does not have a basement, stay on the ground floor but lie flat under a bed or table. Stay away from windows. If you are outside or in your car, try to find a narrow place to lie down in.\nAs the area tries to deal with the worst flood of the century, there are many heartwarming stories of people helping other people. From all over the world people have sent food and clothes to help the thousands who have had to leave their homes. Many volunteers have come to help to make sandbags and use them to build walls against the overflowing river. While the result of this disaster will be terrible for many, it is beautiful to see people coming together to help others and save lives, and property  .", "id": "high8203.txt"}