{"answers": ["B", "B", "C", "D"], "options": [["they won't feel happy anymore", "they are more likely to fall ill", "they will find the feeling goes away by itself", "they are more mentally harmed than physically"], ["To find out how people fight diseases.", "To prove loneliness hurts people's immune systems.", "To see how people's emotions change when they give unprepared speeches.", "To find out the relationship between loneliness and stress."], ["Growing evidence of mental problems linked to loneliness.", "Some research results about the relationship between cancer and loneliness.", "Some studies showed that people who suffered from loneliness fell ill or died more easily than those who didn't.", "Different results after comparing healthy conditions of people who suffer from loneliness and those who don't."], ["loneliness has become the No 1 killer in the world.", "loneliness is increasing due to advanced technologies.", "lonely people lack the courage to make friends", "much more work needs to be done to fight loneliness"]], "questions": ["If people feel lonely for a long time,  _  .", "What was the purpose of the stress  test carried out by Jaremka's team?", "What makes scientists think loneliness makes the body worse at fighting diseases?", "We can conclude from the article that  _  ."], "article": "WHAT do you do when you feel lonely? Hide yourself away and spend your time reading, watching TV or walking around?\nYou might think that feeling lonely is just like feeling happy, sad or scared - that it's just one of your various moods  . That is true. However, if you let yourself be lonely for too long without dealing with it, you could be making a serious mistake.\nDoctors have known for some time that feeling lonely is bad for the mind. It can lead to mental health problems such as depression ,stress and reduced confidence. \"Being lonely means not feeling connected or cared for, it's not about being physically alone,\" Lisa Jaremka, scientist from Ohio State University, US, told Live Science in January. But there's growing evidence that not having friends is connected with physical illness as well.\nIn 2006, for example, scientists studied 2,800 women who had cancer. They found that those who had few friends or family were five times more likely to die of their disease than women with many social contacts. Also, even healthy people had a better chance of falling ill if they felt left out by others, according to the BBC.\nThe results have scientists thinking that loneliness might hurt the immune system , which protects the body from diseases.\nHoping to prove this theory, Jaremka and her research team put volunteers through a stress test. During the test, volunteers were asked to make an unprepared speech in front of a group of stony-faced people. The researchers found that volunteers who said they were lonely in their daily lives felt more stress during the test. And their blood samples showed that all the stress had managed to cause harmful changes to their immune system.\n\"Loneliness has been thought of in many ways as a chronic stressor --- a socially painful situation that can last for quite a long time,\" explained Jaremka, who led the study.\nThe number of people suffering from loneliness is increasing all over the world. However, solving the problem is easier said than done. It won't work to just \"tell anyone to go out and find someone to love you\", said Jaremka. \" We need to create support networks.\"", "id": "high8205.txt"}