{"answers": ["D", "C", "B", "C", "A"], "options": [["to prove that learning is not difficult", "to make the readers be interested in study", "to tell the importance of self teaching", "to tell the students how to study well"], ["you must like the subject", "you must follow the teacher", "you must enjoy learning", "you must study hard"], ["To put a pen, paper and books beside you before study.", "To study at any possible time and place.", "To review and preview", "To pay attention to the most important things."], ["The more learning methods we have, the better we will study.", "Finding the best learning method is the most important in learning.", "Knowing good methods, you can't be good at study without working hard.", "Once we have mastered a good learning method, we can improve our study greatly."], ["No pains, no gains", "Better late than never", "Study comes first", "Good methods, good results."]], "questions": ["The main purpose of the article is  _  .", "The first thing to remember in studying is that   _  .", "The following advice is given in the article EXCEPT  _  .", "Among the following statements,   _  is true.", "From the passage, we can conclude that   _  ."], "article": "Knowing the best way to study will help you to be a better student. By using your time properly, you can do your homework more quickly. Learning to study is not difficult.\nThe first thing to remember is that you must be willing to learn. It doesn't mean that you must always like the subject. It does mean, however, that you must be willing to do whatever is necessary to learn. Try to understand why it is important and how it will help you now and later to do and learn other things. Knowing mathematics facts will be useful in your whole life. Knowing how to spell makes any kind of writing easier. Sometimes the subject that you think is going to be uninteresting will be exciting when you begin to work at it and understand it more clearly. Learning things can be fun if you are willing to work with them.\nHere's some advice for you: have a certain time each day and a quiet place with good lighting for study, so that you can concentrate on your study without interruptions; have everything ready before you sit down to study, a dictionary, paper, a pen and books; be sure you understand what you should learn before you start; read carefully and pay special attention to the most important things; when memorizing, first find out the main parts and then recite the whole thing; check your homework after you finish it; never forget the importance of review and preview.\nDon't try to spend a lot of time researching learning methods. There are many students who know many good learning methods but don't study well. They forget that the most useful learning method is to study hard.", "id": "high824.txt"}