{"answers": ["D", "D", "B"], "options": [["tell our friends", "tell the teacher", "say sorry to our parents", "make a telephone call to our parents"], ["it's wrong of parents to worry about their children too much", "some parents are unfriendly, which makes their children angry", "children should do everything as their parents say", "parents love their children very much and the children should understand them"], ["Parents' Responsibility", "How to Get on with Parents", "Zhang Hua's Problem", "What Are Parents Worrying about"]], "questions": ["What does the writer think we should do if we go back home later than usual? We should   _  .", "The writer thinks   _  .", "Which do you think is the best title for the passage?"], "article": "\"I don't like my parents. They always tell me I should do this, and should not do that. It sometimes makes me angry,\" said Li Ping, a middle school student in Hunan. Do you have the same problem? Perhaps your parents had the same problem when they were your age long ago. Why does it seem that some parents are not so friendly in their children's eyes?\nOne of the biggest things is when someone becomes a parent, he / she likes worrying things. They worry about everything about you, from the time you were born. They do a lot for you, though something would make you angry, because they care about you and worry about you. They worry about your choice of friends, the food you eat, your work at school, how much sleep you get, etc. All these things are part of your life. They want you to grow up healthily and happily.\nSo how can you make things easier on yourself? It's easier than you think. Just make sure your parents know what you're doing. Get them to know your friends. Phone if you stay somewhere else so that your parents don't call every hospital in the phone book looking for your body. Say sorry to them when you make mistakes. Take responsibility   for what you have done. Talk about your ideas with them. They may talk about theirs with you.\nMost of all, try to think about why your parents do this or do that. They are still practicing being parents and need help you can give them. Someday, when you become a parent, they may be able to help you know how to get on with your children.", "id": "high8243.txt"}