{"answers": ["B", "D", "A", "B"], "options": [["they are too busy to worry about the animals", "they don't take animal abuse seriously", "they just leave it to the police", "they are afraid of being laughed at"], ["is another name for the Humane Society", "provides shelter for both animals and humans", "deals with such issues as education and global warming", "aims at protecting animals from being abused"], ["Dogs have the right to be treated kindly.", "One person cannot possibly make a difference.", "Cruelty to animals deserves more attention than global warming.", "It is the politicians' duty to stop animal abuse."], ["criticize those who abuse animals", "advise people to stop animal abuse", "show how animals are abused", "explain why people abuse animals"]], "questions": ["Some people won't stop kids from abusing animals because   _  .", "We can learn from the text that ASPCA   _  .", "Which of the following statements will the author agree with?", "The main purpose of the text is to   _  ."], "article": "If you see a group of kids hitting and abusing an animal, would you stop them? Would you at least call the police? Again people would walk away. Some people do not believe that animal abuse is a big issue.\nEvery day animals are abused in their homes or on the streets. It seems as if politicians do nothing to stop this issue. Everyone is worried about education and global warming. What about animals? We should not ignore them just because they cannot talk to us. Animals, like us humans, have rights. Every living being has the right to warm shelter and good food, but most importantly, they have the right to be wanted and loved. They have the right to be a special, much loved member of their own family.\nThere are many organizations that deal with abused animals or animals that have no home like ASPCA, PETA, the Humane Society and many more. There are organizations that deal with this issue, but that does not mean that we still shouldn't help. The biggest saying that bothers me is, \"I am only one person. I can't make a difference.\" If everyone thought like that, we wouldn't have the organizations and loving people who help the world every day. By helping one animal, you are making a difference.\nThere are many things you can do right now to help animals around your neighborhood. You can volunteer at your local animal shelter, raise money for animal shelters, inform your community about animal abuse or you can write to your representatives and tell them that animal abuse needs to be taken seriously.\nAs you walk down the street, try to help any animals you see walking around. You can easily buy a cheap box of dry cat or dog food to feed the animals. If we do not help our animals now, we may never have animals again. Always remember that with every step you take, you help save an animal's life and isn't that worth fighting for?", "id": "high8250.txt"}