{"answers": ["B", "C", "A"], "options": [["was a high school student", "had finished his high school education", "was a college student", "was returning home from a swim competition"], ["was out of hospital", "was in surprise", "faced physical and mental challenges", "was worried about his lung"], ["Attitude Is Everything.", "Actions Speak Louder than Words.", "Everything Happens for a Reason", "A Good Beginning Is Half Done."]], "questions": ["When the car accident happened, the author   _  .", "It can be inferred that the author   _   after he woke up from his coma.", "The best title for this passage would be   _  ."], "article": "I am a 21-year-old boy, and this is my story.\nOne month after I graduated from high school in 2009, I was coming home from swim practice and was involved in a car accident. I was so seriously injured that I was in a coma for over two months at Prince Georges Hospital.\nI died eight times during my coma and I couldn't talk or communicate when I woke up. Walking was never going to happen again due to all the extreme injuries. Just like my body, my dreams were almost _ . But I was not going to let my injuries prevent me from living my dreams.\nAfter 14 operations and blood transfusions, I had to learn how to talk, eat, walk, shower and live independently again. When I was out of hospital, I still had to go to outpatient therapy in Waldorf, Maryland. After spending a few months in a wheelchair, I took baby steps to walk on my own. It was a miracle that I could walk again, but I wanted to prove that I could not only walk, but run. When it came true, I wanted to get back in the pool again. After a few lung tests, I was able to go in the pool a little bit each week. After a few months of swim training, I began my freshman year at St. Mary's College of Maryland and became a proud member of the swim team.\nBy telling my story, I want to make a positive influence on the world. I am just trying to live each day to the fullest and inspire other people never to give up their dreams no matter how bad a situation is. I remember when I was still in my hospital bed, I would have my mom and dad push me around in my wheelchair to the other rooms to see the other patients and talk to them and their families. I wanted to let them know that everything was going to be okay. Somehow, things would work out for the best.", "id": "high8265.txt"}