{"answers": ["D", "C", "D", "A"], "options": [["The author had known he was a low achiever since he was a little child", "The author didn't work very hard on writing in his late twenties", "The author owed his dyslexia to his laziness in the childhood", "The author worked hard for people's praise"], ["they should work as hard as himself", "they had better choose to drop out of school", "they should be constantly encouraged", "they should put their hearts into reading"], ["He who laughs last laughs best.", "Where there is a will, there is a way.", "Reading enriches the mind.", "When God closes a door, somewhere he opens a window."], ["Open-minded and optimistic", "diligent and generous", "clever but selfish", "kind but useless"]], "questions": ["According to the passage we know that  _  .", "For dyslexics, the author thinks that  _  .", "Which of the following proverbs can best summarize the main idea of the passage?", "What kind of man is the writer?"], "article": "I wished I had known earlier the fact that I was a low achiever because there was a reason beyond my control. Then I needn't have worked so hard in my late twenties and early thirties. But I just didn't know that. I was writing and writing. I was working for no other reason than to hear people praise me.\nMost people who go through university read at least twice as fast as I do. I can never tell my left from my right. I avoid dialing a telephone if I can help it, because I sometimes have to try three times before getting the number right. I hear that recording \"The number you have reached is not in service\" more than any man on earth.\nDespite my weaknesses I view my dyslexia(difficulty in reading) as a gift, not a curse . Many dyslexics are good at right brain, namely abstract thought, and that is what my king of creative writing is. I'm starting with nothing and coming up with something that didn't exist before. That's my strong point. I owe my career to Ralph, Salisbury, my writing instructor at the University of Oregon, who looked past my misspellings and gave me encouragement and hope. I just carried on and never looked back. I'm also very \"visual\". This means nothing in school, but when I write books or scripts, I'm seeing everything in my imagination. I write quickly. I go like the wind and can get up to 15 pages a day. Writing is not the problem. I have no problem downloading; it is inputting where things get messed up.\nThe real fear I have for dyslexics is not that they have to struggle with messy input, but that they will quit on themselves before they finish school. Parents have to create victories whenever they can, whether it is music, sports or the arts. You want your dyslexic child to be able to say, \"Yeah, reading is hard. But I have these other things I can do.\"", "id": "high8270.txt"}