{"answers": ["B", "D"], "options": [["She becomes disabled after a car accident.", "She was a strong-willed woman.", "She lives on a farm with her parents.", "She has a fierce and loyal love for Gaspard Ulliel."], ["Because they are very strong and needn't call for guns.", "Because they don't know how to use guns.", "Because their guns have been lost.", "Because they are punished for trying to escape duty."]], "questions": ["What do we learn about Mathilde from the passage?", "According to the passage, why are the soldiers made to protect themselves without guns?"], "article": "Over three years ago, the French director Jean--Pierre Jeunet and actress Audery Tautou won people's hearts with their popular comedy \"Amelie\". The fairytale-like film tells the story of a single waitress who helps lonely people find love.\nNow, _ are back with another film. \"A Very Long Engagement\" is a film about World War I. It received 12 nominations from France's Cesar Awards last week, including best film, best director and best actress.\nMathilde (Audrey Tautou) is a young woman who becomes disabled after suffering from a disease as a chilD.She lives on a farm with her aunt Benedicte (Chantal Neuwith) and uncle Sylvain (Dominique Pinon). She receives a regular income from the wealth left to her by parents. She has a fierce and loyal love for Manech (Gaspard Ulliel), her childhood boyfriend and fiance' . He is the son of a lighthouse keeper. When he goes off to the battle fields of World War I, she is lonely, but confident he will return. Early on in the film, five French soldiers are sentenced to death because of intentionally hurting themselves to escape duty. They are pushed into the German's line of fire. They are made to protect themselves without guns. One of them is Manech. Mathilde firmly believes that Manech is alive. She is determined to find him. She hires a private detective to find out what really happened to those French soldiers. Through letters, photographs, interviews with people who remain alive after the war, and wartime papers, Mathilde discovers how cruel the war is. She also sees the heroism of ordinary men, trying to stay alive on the battle field.\nIt's funny, sweet and sometimes sad to watch. Jeunet gives a realistic portrait of warfare. Tautou remains the emotional center of the film. She shines as Mathilde, a woman who suffers one failure after another, but refuses to give up her seek for her lover. It's a film for all romantic people who are in search of true love.", "id": "high8291.txt"}