{"answers": ["D", "B", "C", "B"], "options": [["Ways to survive an earthquake.", "Reasons why earthquakes happen.", "The love of parents in an earthquake.", "The writer's experience in an earthquake"], ["were still sleeping", "were trapped on the sixth floor", "were looking for a family member", "were running from the seventh floor to the sixth floor"], ["the writer was encouraged by people on the ground floor", "someone opened the door of the sixth-floor flat", "a worker climbed up on a rope", "RSS people arrived with ropes"], ["there is always hope for people", "the power of nature is really great", "natural disasters can happen any time", "human beings are strong in natural disasters"]], "questions": ["What is this passage mainly about?", "When the building split into two, the writer and his/her family  _  .", "The first time the writer thought they would probably survive was when  _  .", "The earthquake made the writer realize that  _  ."], "article": "I was sleeping in my room when my bed started shaking and a loud noise was heard. I woke up and my mom was screaming my name. Next moment I was running along with my younger sister, mom and dad. Before I ran out of the door, I realized my elder sister hadn't come out yet. So I screamed her name at the top of my voice. My mom said she had gone to her class. Then the four of us, along with many others, were running on the staircase. We lived on the seventh floor, so I thought we would not be able to make it and the building would fall before we managed to reach even the fourth floor. My dad's head was injured by something falling down. I did try to put my hand over his head. When we reached the sixth floor, the building split into two. We had no way to get down.\nThe next thing I remember is silence. There were around 30 people on the staircase and none could react. Five minutes later, someone opened the door of the sixth-floor flat. We all went in. we were wondering how we would get down. From the balcony of the sixth-floor flat, I saw people standing on the ground floor. All eyes were stuck on us. I could see my elder sister crying.\nOur first hope of surviving came when a worker climbed a rope to where we were. That was ,the first time we thought maybe we could get down. Half an hour passed and we were still trapped. Finally RSS people arrived with ropes. They got people down one by one. My biggest worry was how my dad would get down. Finally after two and a half hours, we all got down.\nThat day we saw the power of nature. It has taken more than two years to build the flats and it took just one and a half minutes to destroy the structure.", "id": "high8302.txt"}