{"answers": ["A", "D", "B"], "options": [["to strongly recommend an e-book", "to show the author's attitude to money", "to introduce the general idea of an e-book", "to tell us Rich Ezzo isn't money hungry"], ["he was too excited to write anything", "he was not sure whether he liked the book", "he had to wait for Rich Ezzo's permission", "he wondered if this book had a long influence on him"], ["The author had known Rich Ezzo before", "The author hasn't dreamed of getting rich instantly", "The author always prefers e-books to paper books", "The author likes the get-rich type of publication"]], "questions": ["What's the purpose of the passage?", "The author didn't write the review right after reading because   _  .", "Which of the following is true according to the passage?"], "article": "A week ago, I read When Money Talks, Listen! by Rich Ezzo. It took only about an hour to read, and that included one trip to the coffee maker and about 10 distractions  from Alex, our cat, who thinks he is the center of the universe.\nWhen I first received a copy, I thought it was a get-rich-quick type of publication. There is nothing wrong with that kind of book, but my mind just doesn't chase after dreams of wealth. I figure that if God ever wants me to be rich, he knows where to find my purse.\nWhen I began reading When Money Talks, Listen!, I was overjoyed to find that Rich Ezzo isn't money hungry either. He, too, is hungry for things far more important than money.\nI absolutely love this e-book. Why did I wait a week to write the review ? simple. I wanted to see if the impact it had on me could keep up. After reading the last word of the e-book, I totally agreed with the subtitle which promised to forever change the way we thought about money. I had so many thoughts running around my mind that I had to install a stop light to stop some while others made their way into the picture. I had a mental traffic jam, which only goes to show how slow the traffic usually is.\nIt has been a week and the impact is the same. I guarantee this is an e-book you'll want to read. I urge you to visit the author's website, MysterMoney. Com, and to download the e-book. You won't\nregret it.", "id": "high8305.txt"}