{"answers": ["B", "C", "C"], "options": [["The importance of working hard at school.", "Choosing a career according to one's strengths.", "How to face one's weakness.", "The value of school work."], ["a good way to find out his weak points", "one of the best ways of earning extra money", "of great use for his work in the future", "a waste of time he could have spent on study"], ["should pay more attention to learning skills and developing abilities", "will be regretful about his bad results", "may also do well in his future work", "should restart his study in school"]], "questions": ["What is the passage mainly about?", "The writer thinks that a student have a part-time job is probably   _  .", "From the passage we learn that if a student's school performance is not good, he   _  ."], "article": "What should you think about when trying to find your career? You are probably better at some school subjects than others. These may show strengths that you can use in your work. A boy who is good at mathematics can use that in an engineering career. A girl who spells well and likes English may be good at office work. So it is important to know the subjects you do well in at school. On the other hand, you may not have any especially strong subjects but your records show a general satisfactory standard. Although not all subjects can be used directly in a job, they may have indirect value. A knowledge of history is not required for most jobs but if history is one of your good subjects you will have learned to remember facts and details. This is an ability that can be useful in many jobs.\nYour school may have taught you skills, such as typing or technical drawing, which you can use in your work. You may be good at metalwork or cookery and look for a job where you can improve these skills. If you have had a part-time job on Saturdays or in the summer, think what you gained from it. If nothing else, you may have learned how to get to work on time, to follow instructions and to get on with older workers. You may have learned to give correct change in a shop, for example. Just as important, you may become interested in a particular industry or career you see from the inside in a part-time job.\nFacing your weak points is also part of knowing yourself. You may _ when you handle tools; perhaps you are a poor speller or cannot add up a column of figures. It is better to face any weakness than to pretend they do not exist. Your school record, for instance, may not be too good, yet it is an important part of your background. You should not be apologetic  about it but instead recognize that you will have a chance of a fresh start at work.", "id": "high831.txt"}