{"answers": ["C", "B", "A", "C"], "options": [["Hunger of the mind", "Stomach and Mind", "Feed your Mind by reading", "Reading or Watching TV"], ["you are not hungry", "you keep it thinking of silly things", "your creativity gets a full stop", "you always meet with difficult problems"], ["Reading can make your dream come true.", "Reading can contribute to your vocabulary.", "Reading can improve your spoken ability.", "Reading can make people creative."], ["comment and blame", "introduce and describe", "explain and persuade", "advise and inform"]], "questions": ["What's the best title of the passage?", "You don't know your mind is in hunger because   _  .", "Which of the following is NOT mentioned as the advantage of reading?", "The purpose of the author in writing this passage is to   _  ."], "article": "If you are hungry, what will you do? Grab a piece of your favorite meal and stay quiet after that? Just like stomach, even your mind will be hungry. But it never lets you know, because you keep it busy thinking about your dream lover, favorite star and many such absurd things. So it silently begins to hide your needs and never lets itself grow. When mind loses its freedom to grow, creativity gets its full stop. This might be the reason why we all sometimes think \"What happens next?\", \"Why can't I think?\", \"Why am I always given the difficult problems?\" Well, this is the after-effect of using our brain for thinking of not-so-worthy things.\nHunger of the mind can be actually satisfied through extensive reading. But why is it reading but not watching TV? Because reading has been the most educational tool used by us right from the childhood. Just like that to develop other aspects of our life, we have to turn to reading for help. You have a number of books in the world which will answer all your \"how-to\" questions. Once you read a book, you just don't run your eyes through the lines, but your mind decodes   it and explains it to you. The interesting part of the book is stored in your mind as a seed. Now this seed is unknowingly used by you in your future to develop new ideas. The same seed, if used many times, can help you link and relate a lot of things, which you would never thought of in your wildest dreams! This is nothing but creativity. The more books you read, the wider your mind will become. Also this improves your oratorical (speech-making) skills to a large extent and also makes a significant contribution to your vocabulary. When you start speaking English or any other language fluently with your friends or other people, you never seem to run out of the right words at the right time.\nActually, I had a problem in speaking English fluently, but as I read, I could improve significantly. So guys, do join me and give food for your thoughts by reading, reading and more reading. Now what are you waiting for? Go, grab a book and let me know!", "id": "high8310.txt"}