{"answers": ["C", "D", "B"], "options": [["Jim was always ashamed of himself", "Jim did very well in his studies", "Jim's parents were patient with him", "Jim failed to finish his high school"], ["mourn her son's sudden death in a traffic accident", "remind people to be cautious of motorcycles", "tell parents to take better care of their children", "suggest people taking the chance to express their love in time"], ["Love your Family.", "Do it Today.", "Walk with Pride.", "Appreciate Smiles."]], "questions": ["According to the passage, we know that   _  .", "By writing the letter printed in the Palo Alto Times, the author intends to   _  .", "Which of the following can be the best title of the passage?"], "article": "When I was an education official in Palo Alto, California, Polly Tyner, the president of our school board, wrote a letter that was printed in the Palo Alto Times. Polly's son, Jim, had great difficulty in school. He was classified as the educationally disabled and required a great deal of patience on the part of his parents and teachers. But Jim was a happy kid with a great smile that lit up the room. His parents acknowledged his academic difficulties, but always tried to help him see his strengths so that he could walk with pride. Shortly after Jim finished high school, he was killed in a motorcycle accident. After his death, his mother submitted this letter to the newspaper:\nToday we buried our 20-year-old son. He was killed instantly in a motorcycle accident on Friday night. How I wish I had known when I talked to him last that it would be the last time. If I had only known I would have said, \"Jim, I love you and I'm very proud of you.\"\nI would have taken the time to count the many blessings he brought to the lives of the many who loved him. I would have taken the time to appreciate his beautiful smile, the sound of his laughter, his genuine love of people.\nWhen you put all the good qualities on the scale and try to balance all the _ phenomena such as the radio which was always too loud, the haircut that wasn't to our liking, the dirty socks under the bed, etc., your angry feelings won't amount to much.\nI won't get another chance to tell my son all that I would have wanted him to hear, but, other parents, you do have a chance. Tell your young people what you would want them to hear if you knew it would be your last conversation. The last time I talked to Jim was the day he died. He called me to say, \"Hi, Mom! I just called to say I love you. Got to go to work. Bye.\" He gave me something to treasure forever.\nIf there is any purpose at all for Jim's death, maybe it is to make others appreciate more of life and to have people, especially family members, take the time to let each other know just how much we care.\nYou may never have another chance.", "id": "high8311.txt"}