{"answers": ["D", "C", "A", "D"], "options": [["a place to sell food to the poor", "a store to sell farm produce", "a bank for people to save and draw money", "an organization to help the poor by offering food"], ["Destiny Williams.", "Lynda Mallory.", "Isabella Lynch.", "Robert Lynch"], ["She spent several hours on it each week.", "She did it following her father's advice.", "She started the activity to support her family.", "The food to be collected will increase year by year."], ["always helps her neighbors", "is too busy to do well in her study", "is worried about her parents' health", "has many hobbies in school life"]], "questions": ["According to the passage,Brunswick Food Bank is probably  _  .", "Who helped Junelle the most when she was collecting food?", "Which of the following statements is TRUE about Junelle's  food collecting?", "According to the passage,we know Junelle Lynch  _  ."], "article": "Junelle Lynch knocked on more than 200 doors in the Gayln Manor neighborhood of Brunswick in recent weeks. Her aim is to collect hundreds of pounds of food for the Brunswick Food Bank.\n\"I like helping people a lot,\"said Junelle,who celebrated her 11th birthday in June.\nWith the support of her parents Isabella and Robert,Junelle walked along the streets with an orange grocery bag .Isabella always accompanies her daughter. Isabella helps her daughter by car,so Junelle can empty her grocery bag when it becomes heavy. Junelle's friend,Destiny Williams,helped the first night,but he didn't turn up the rest of the time.\nNeighbor Lynda Mallory donated food to Junelle. Mallory dropped noodles,canned soup,vegetables and fruits into Junelle's bag. After visiting the last house and looking at what she collected,Junelle said she felt good about what she achieved with the help of her neighbors.\nWorking an hour a night three times per week,she has collected more than 400 pounds of canned and boxed food. This isn't the first year she's collected food. Junelle started nearly three years ago when,at 8 years old,she saw a collection box at a grocery store and decided to become involved. In her first year,she collected 80 pounds of food in the mostly undeveloped neighborhood,and 214 pounds the next year. The food helped feed many families.\nWhen she isn't helping,Junelle is a straightA student who snowboards,plays the trumpet,sings with the Brunswick Chorus,plays basketball and writes poems. She plans on spending her summer vacation attending a basketball camp.", "id": "high8314.txt"}