{"answers": ["B", "D", "A", "C"], "options": [["it was an important clue to life in the past", "it was found on a famous trail", "it at one time belonged to a VIP", "it was a fashionable shoe at that time"], ["eventually became millionaires", "brought with them many shoes", "had conflicts with the Eskimos", "were not properly equipped"], ["they would not die of hunger and cold", "the army would have enough food for fighting a war", "they would change these goods with the Eskimos", "the supplies would make Alaska rich"], ["she must have lived a happy life", "she certainly dropped the shoe on purpose", "her adventurous spirit is definitely admired", "her other shoes were equally fashionable"]], "questions": ["The ordinary woman's leather shoe is considered unusual because   _  .", "According to this passage, many people who went to Alaska   _  .", "The Canadian government made gold seekers bring one year's supplies with them so that   _  .", "No matter what happened to the woman who owned the shoe,   _  ."], "article": "Every object tells a story. Even the most ordinary objects can present to us powerful images. Sometimes it is the ordinary nature of these objects that actually makes them so extraordinary. Such is the case with an old leather shoe in a museum in Alaska. At first glance it does not look like much. It is a woman's shoe of a style popular in the 1890s. But what is unique  about this shoe is where it was found. It was discovered on the Checkout Pass, the famous trail used by the people seeking gold in Alaska. Who it belonged to or why it was left there is not known. Was it perhaps dropped by accident as the woman climbed up the 1500 stairs carved outface? Or did she throw away goods that she didn't need in order to travel lighter?\nOver 100, 000 people with \"gold fever\" made this trip hoping to become millionaires. Few of them understood that on their way they would have to cross a harsh wildness. Unprepared for such a dangerous journey, many died of starvation and exposure to the cold weather.\nThe Canadian government finally started requiring the gold seekers to bring one ton of supplies with them. This was thought to be enough for a person to survive for one year. They would carry their supplies in backpacks  each weighing up to fifty pounds; it usually took at least 40 trips to get everything to the top and over the pass. Whoever dropped the shoe must have been a brave and determined woman. Perhaps she was successful and made it to Alaska. Perhaps she had to turn back in defeat. No one will ever know for sure, but what we do know is that she took part in one of the greatest adventures in the 19th century.", "id": "high832.txt"}