{"answers": ["D", "A", "C"], "options": [["many Americans get married by 30 and have kids by 32", "married women have a happier life than those never-married", "divorced women lives a miserable life", "the society tends to have a wrong image about single women"], ["The happy family is flexible in the face of life's challenges.", "The happy family has particular way of organizing families.", "The happy family believes the traditional divisions of labor.", "The happy family has relationship satisfaction, financial security and happy kids."], ["how to have a happy family", "what's the life of American youth", "what American youth should know for living a happy life", "why American youth should be wise when making decisions"]], "questions": ["It can be inferred from the passage that  _  .", "According to the passage, what can be a happy family?", "The passage mainly tells us   _  ."], "article": "Single people, especially women, are stigmatized  in our society: We're all familiar with the image of a sad, lonely woman eating ice cream with her cats in her pajamas on Saturday night. But about 45 percent of US adults aren't married and around one in seven lives alone. This might be you. Research shows that young people's expectations about their marital status (e.g. the desire to be married by 30 and have kids by 32) have little or no relationship to what actually happens to people. So, go with the flow. And, if you're single, you're in good company. Single people spend more time with friends, volunteer more, and are more involved in their communities than married people. Never-married and divorced women are happier, on average, than married women. So, don't buy into the myth of the miserable singleton.\nIf you do get married, keep going with the flow. Relationship satisfaction, financial security, and happy kids are more strongly related to flexibility in the face of life's challenges than any particular way of organizing families. The most functional families are ones that can bend. So partnering with someone who thinks that one partner should support their families and the other should take responsibility for the house and children is a recipe for disaster. So is being equally rigid about non-traditional divisions of labor. It's okay to have ideas about how to organize your family but your best bet for happiness is to be flexible.\nBuying a home is often taken for granted as a stage on the path to adulthood. But the ideal of universal home ownership was born in the 1950s. It's a rather new idea.With such a short history, it's funny that people often insist that buying a house is a fool-proof investment and the best way to secure retirement. In fact, buying a house may not be the best choice for you. The mortgage  may be less than rent, but there are also taxes, insurance, and the increasingly common Home Owners Association (HOA) fees. You may someday sell the house for more than you bought it but, if you paid interest on a mortgage, you also paid far more than the sale price. You have freedom from a landlord, but may discover your HOA is just as controlling, or worse. And then there's the headache: renting relieves you from the stress of being responsible for repairs. It also offers a freedom of movement that you might cherish.\nSo be wise and consider all your options.", "id": "high8323.txt"}