{"answers": ["C", "D", "D"], "options": [["She became famous after her first show.", "After her tour in Europe, she returned to New York.", "She got married more than once.", "The song \"Home, Sweet Home\" was meaningful to her."], ["poem", "singer", "writer", "composer"], ["The English soprano", "The soprano toured around the world", "A soprano and her husband", "The adventuresome soprano"]], "questions": ["Which of the following message about Madama Bishop is true?", "Sir Henry is a   _  .", "The best title for this passage is  _  ."], "article": "Anna Riviere was one of the most admired of 19th-century English sopranos . She was also one of the most adventuresome.\nShe was born in London on January 9th, 1810. She entered the Royal Academy of Music at the age of 14. Seven years later, just after her first show, Anna married Sir Henry Bishop, who was 24 years her senior. Her reputation as a singer grew rapidly, based largely on her tours with Sir Henry and harpist Nicholas Bochsa. After a tour of Dublin, Edinburgh, and London, Anna Bishop deserted her husband and three children and ran away with Bochsa.\nFrom then on, Madame Bishop--as she continued to be known--traveled and sang as if her life depended on it. Between 1839 and 1843 she traveled to every major town in Europe, where she sang in 260 concerts. In the course of two years in Naples, she performed in 20 operas. In 1855 she and Bochsa sailed for Sydney, Australia. He died there the following year, and Anna went on to tour South America before returning to New York, where she married a diamond merchant.\nThen she began what proved her most dangerous adventure. After another American tour in 1866, she and her husband set sail across the Pacific. They were shipwrecked on a small coral reef, and for more than a month they drifted in a small boat before they finally reaching Guam. She had lost her music, her wardrobe, and her jewelry, but Madame Bishop was not to be stopped. She went on to Manila and began a concert tour that led to Hong Kong, Singapore, and India before she went back to England. After another two-year world tour she returned eventually to New York, where she gave her last public performance in 1883--at age 73.\nMeanwhile the husband she left behind, Sir Henry, had become famous for writing the music to lyrics that might eventually have been meaningful to Anna Bishop--\"Home, Sweet Home.\"", "id": "high8324.txt"}