{"answers": ["A", "B", "C", "C"], "options": [["It's a broadcast-news company.", "It's a basketball team agency.", "It's a charity organization.", "It's a publishing house."], ["wasn't as lonely as he looked because his many friends at school.", "missed his family very much despite having friends at school.", "served as a member of the US Coast Guard for a while.", "showed little interest tudying but other affairs."], ["bossy", "incapable", "ambitious", "modest"], ["He became more determined and was feared by this workmates.", "He developed respect and admiration for his employees.", "H e revised his view of the world and his responsibility in it.", "He demanded the same level of success as he father."]], "questions": ["What is CNN according to the passage?", "As a student in a military academy, Turner   _  .", "The author seems to believe that Ted Turner is   _  .", "Which of the following best describes an important change in Ted Turner's life?"], "article": "Ted Turner, achieved high goals and great success by the time he was 43. Best known for his CNN, Ted Turner launched a second nationwide all-news network, Headline News, purchased the Atlanta Braves baseball team, and became the world's best yachtsman at the America's Cup in 1977. In 1982 Ted Turner was named by Forbes one of the 400 richest people in the US. He was named Time magazine's \"Man of the Year\" in 1992. How did Ted Turner accomplish all of this at such a young age?\nTed Turner's father, Ed, was a self-made millionaire who demanded that his only son try to achieve similar success. He instilled in the boy a strong belief that hard work was good. Besides reading a new book every two days, Ted Turner was also charged rent at home during summer vacations from boarding school. Ed Turner was a strong influence in his son's life.\nAs a child, Ted Turner lived a very lonely life, often separated from his family. During World War II, his father served in the Navy. Ed Turner took his wife and daughter with him so they could live nearby but left his 6yearold son behind in a boarding school in Cincinnati, Ohio. When Ted Turner was in the fifth grade, his father enrolled him in a military academy. Even though Turner had friends at school, it didn't make up for the absence of his parents and sister. Eventually Ted Turner enrolled at Brown University in Providence, Rhode Island. He attended college off and on, became involved in sailboat racing, and became a member of the U.S. Coast Guard for a while. In his early twenties, he became general manager of one of his father's branch offices -- the Turner Advertising Company in Macon, Georgia.\nTwo years later after his father's suicide, Ted Turner took over the company. He soon discovered that he was more skilled than his father in managing the business. During the next twenty years, Ted Turner worked hard to accumulate enough power and money to fulfill his father's dream.\nReflecting on his father's death, however, Ted Turner realized that it was dangerous to put too much emphasis on material possessions. He decided to use his hard-earned influence to serve the public. Concerned about the environment, Ted Turner established the Better World Society in 1985. The purpose of this organization was to produce documentaries to educate people about pollution, hunger, and the danger of building weapons of mass destruction. In 1986 Turner began sponsoring the Goodwill Games to promote world peace. The Turner Tomorrow Awards were created to encourage writers and thinkers to focus their attention on solving world problems. The Turner Family Foundation was established in 1992.", "id": "high8346.txt"}