{"answers": ["C", "B", "C"], "options": [["cook less at home than the French every day", "no longer eat roast beef and over-cooked vegetables", "are more willing to try cooking all kinds of new foods", "buy more cookbooks than French people do"], ["He would love to try it.", "He shows no interest in it.", "He considers it worse than before.", "He considers it better than before."], ["The history of British food.", "The history of French food.", "The change in British food.", "The change in French food."]], "questions": ["According to the passage, nowadays British people  _   .", "What is Bernard's attitude towards British food?", "What does the passage mainly talk about?"], "article": "Over the centuries the French have lost a number of famous battles with the British. However, they've always felt superior in the kitchen. France has for centuries had a reputation for cooking excellence, and Britain for some of the worst cooking in the world. But according to a recent survey, _ \nIn the survey, 71% of the Britons said they cook at home every day, while only 59% of the French said they cook daily. British home cooks spend more time cooking each week and also produce a greater variety of dishes than French home cooks.\nThe reaction in London was predictably enthusiastic. British food has greatly improved since the 1990s. Once upon a time, the menu for many family meals would have been roast beef, potatoes and over-cooked vegetables, but not now. Home cooks are experimenting with the huge range of ingredients now available in British supermarkets and are preparing all kinds of new dishes, using the cookbooks that sell millions of copies every year. As a result, there's much more diversity in British food now, compared to French food, which tends to be very traditional.\nSome French people say that the survey did not show the whole picture. They agree that during the week French women don't cook as much as they used to because most of them work and don't have much time. They tend to buy ready-made or frozen dishes, but many of them make up for it on the weekend. There's also a difference between Paris and the country-side. It's true that people in Paris don't cook much, but elsewhere, cooking is still at the heart of daily life.\nFor many French people, opinions about British food have not changed. When Bernard Blier, the food editor at a magazine, was asked about British food, he replied: \"I don't go out of my way to try it. It is not very refined. You can say that I'm not a fan at all.\"", "id": "high8347.txt"}