{"answers": ["B", "C", "A", "D"], "options": [["The females are responsible for hatching the eggs.", "They can fly hundreds of miles or more in the wind.", "The females usually lay several eggs at a time.", "Most of them normally live more than 40 years."], ["She spends most of its time in the air.", "She has lived more than 100 years.", "She hatched a healthy chick in her 60s.", "She hasn't set foot on land for three to five years."], ["Wisdom has outlived her species by at least two decades.", "Most albatrosses sleep and breed on Midway Atoll.", "Wisdom gives birth to babies every six years.", "Albatrosses build their big nests on trees."], ["Albatrosses-Powerful Gliders.", "Laysan Albatrosses' Paradise-Midway Atoll.", "Endangered Birds-Laysan Albatrosses.", "The Oldest Mother Bird-Wisdom."]], "questions": ["Which of the following is TRUE about albatrosses?", "What makes Wisdom so special?", "What can be inferred from the text?", "Which of the following would be the best title for the text?"], "article": "On February 3, a Laysan albatross , a large seabird, named Wisdom, which is 62 years old, hatched a healthy chick on a Pacific island near Hawaii,. It was the sixth year in a row this bird has hatched a chick. Wisdom's species normally lives only 12 to 40 years, while she is able to hatch healthy chicks into her 60s.\nAt breeding time, the Laysan albatross will dig out a shallow nest in the ground. The female then lays a single egg. Both she and her mate will take turns incubating   the egg until it hatches. More than seven out of every 10 Laysan albatrosses' nests are on just one island -Midway Atoll. That's Wisdom's home.\nBut her species spends most of its time in the air. In fact, biologists observe that after learning to fly, these birds may not set foot on land for the next three to five years.\nAlbatrosses are powerful gliders  , With their six-foot, nearly two-meter, wingspan, Laysan albatrosses can ride wind currents for hundreds of miles or more. Biologists now estimate that Wisdom has flown for an unusually large number of miles-between two million and three million. That is equivalent to traveling from Earth to the moon and back-four to six times! And in the months when these birds are not breeding, they stay in the air, and even sleep there.\nWild albatrosses often die long before they come close to Wisdom's age. Some are eaten. Others starve, get sick or suffer life-threatening injuries from people's fishing boats. Clearly, Wisdom is special. She may have raised as many as 35 chicks in her life.", "id": "high8354.txt"}