{"answers": ["B", "D"], "options": [["Doubtful", "Supportive", "Critical", "Uninterested"], ["By inferring.", "By analysing causes.", "By giving examples.", "By comparing different ideas."]], "questions": ["What's the author's attitude towards mobile phones?  _  .", "How is the text mainly developed?"], "article": "\"I can't live without my mobile phone!\" is what I often hear people say as they talk about how mobiles have become an essential part of their lives.\nThe all so common sight of heads bent, eyes staring at mobile screens and fingers busy tapping away repeats itself across major cities around the world. Whenever there is a moment to spare while on the train, taxi or waiting in a queue, people busy themselves with their mobile phones.\nSome people believe our unhealthy obsession  with mobile phones is destroying how we appreciate the little things in life or miss the moments that matter. The truth is that technology overall should be seen as just a tool to improve our lives.\nMobile phones have certainly had a great influence on our lives, but I truly believe it is for the better.\nIt's changed the way we communicate, whether for work or play. We are now less constrained by time and geographical location. With my mobile phone, I can dial into conference calls while stuck in a traffic jam, or reply to urgent e-mails while on the go. I can send a text message or share photos and videos with friends who aren't living in the same country. My phone calendar keeps my life organized, and even Facebook, Twitter, and instant messaging are now accessible from mobile phones!\nThe mobile revolution isn't just changing the lives of urbanities   like myself. I know of a young Bangladeshi woman named Shompa Akhter who is crazy about fashion and design. She dreamt about starting her own business and she did just that, opening a shop in Kushtia featuring her own creations. Dealing with supplies in different towns was a problem for Shompa --- purchase orders had to either be hand delivered or mailed out to supplies. Shompa also found it tough publicizing her business to potential customers outside her town. But once she learnt to operate the mobile phone, she was addicted. The 25-year-old businesswoman now stays in touch easily with her suppliers. Mobile e-mail is a blessing in her life.\nWho would have thought that mobility could bring about such enormous change? It shouldn't really be a surprise though.", "id": "high8369.txt"}