{"answers": ["B", "A"], "options": [["Get a degree in astronomy.", "Put forward his own theory in physics.", "Become an Albert Einstein in the future.", "Teach his fellow students Theory of Relativity."], ["not worth worrying about", "annoying", "not necessary to know about", "embarrassing"]], "questions": ["What did Jake want to do at IUPUI?", "In the eyes of Jake, autism is something   _  ."], "article": "(Published March 30, 2011)Albert Einstein's Theory of Relativity might have a few mistakes--and Jake Barnett has set out to prove it. Between attending college classes at Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis (IUPUI) and tutoring his fellow students, Jake is also working on a new theory about the creation of the universe. He happens to be 12 years old.\nFrom an early age, Jake showed an extraordinary interest in stars. When he was 3, his parents took him to a space observatory. He tried to learn as much as he could about astronomy. Jake's IQ measured remarkably high at 170.\nAs a baby, Jake was found out with Asperser's syndrome, a form of autism  . Autism causes difficulties in communication and social abilities. People with autism may also have strong interests--like Jake's interest in the stars at a young age.\nThe symptoms of autism can range from mild to extremely severe. Asperser's is one of the milder forms of autism. Sometimes people with Asperser's, like Jake, develop extremely advanced skills in science, music or art.\nWhen Jake was in elementary school, his parents worried that the effects of his Asperser's were worsening. He became quiet. _ So a doctor recommended that Jake's parents let him study more advanced subjects, like math and physics.\nJake's mother asked an astronomy professor to let Jake sit in on his class. Now, Jake studies advanced sciences like electromagnetic physics at IUPUI.\nBut Jake thinks it's important to have a normal life too. He likes to play Guitar Hero with his friends and watch science fiction movies. He also enjoys playing classical music on the piano.But for Jake, studying physics is the most important thing. Jake's professor, John Ross, is working on getting a large sum of money for him to do research at the university.\nDoctors have said Jake's autism symptoms have lessened over time. Still, Jake proudly refers to himself as an \"Aspy\", or someone with Asperser's. In an interview with his university student newspaper, he said, \"I think the autism is the reason I'm even at IUPUI.\"", "id": "high8372.txt"}