{"answers": ["A", "C", "D", "D"], "options": [["lifestyle choices", "current affairs", "experts' opinions on life", "how to improve one's self-respect"], ["control their own appearance", "solve all the problems in their life", "live a happy life in spite of their problems", "improve their life by following the elders' advice"], ["their superiors", "family members", "friends and colleagues", "experts and famous people"], ["Just Do It", "Make Our Lives Happy", "Lifestyles in the United States", "Choosing the Way We Live"]], "questions": ["The section \"Tempo\" in The Chicago Tribune mainly discusses   _  .", "According to the author, Americans are pretty sure that they can   _  .", "According to the passage, people's opinions on moral or social issues can be influenced by   _  .", "Which is the best title for the passage?"], "article": "Are you single or married? Are you a cat or a dog owner? Do you exercise, or are you a \"couch potato\" (a person who sits on the sofa all day watching TV, eating and basically doing nothing)? These questions and many others are about your lifestyle.\nPeople in the United States feel that they can choose their lifestyles and even shape their own identities. The great variety of lifestyles leads to constant national discussion of choices that people make. This freedom of choice is fun and exciting, but it also creates stress and uncertainty. In newspapers, lifestyle issues are discussed in the features or style section. In The Chicago Tribune this section is called \"Tempo\". People turn to this section for lively discussion on lifestyle choices they face with regard to their personal identities, their families, and their social lives.\nMany American people believe that they can make their lives happy and satisfying despite their problems. If they lack confidence or tend to feel anxious, shy, angry, or depressed, they believe that they can change themselves. Self-help books, magazines, and feature articles are filled with advice from experts about steps to take to become a happier or more satisfied person and to improve one's self-respect. Part of this research for self-improvement is a belief that even one's own appearance can be controlled. This is why there are so many articles in the newspaper about looking young, wearing the latest fashions, and becoming physically fit.\nLifestyle choices also involve moral and social issues. How should children be raised? How should people behave on a date? How should elderly people be treated? How can people stay happily married? All these kinds of issues are constantly discussed and are constantly changing. Not only are experts such as psychologists consulted, but stars from the political and entertainment worlds are held up as lifestyle leaders as well. In the newspaper, feature articles called profiles discuss in detail the personal lives or public work of movie stars, authors, artists, and exceptional individuals who are not stars. The lifestyle choices these people make contribute to the public discussion of all the issues that people think about.\nA well-known advertising slogan is \"Just do it.\" In the culture of the United States, people believe that they can take action and become the kind of people they want to be and live the way they want to live.", "id": "high8374.txt"}