{"answers": ["C", "B", "C", "D", "A"], "options": [["The Past and the Future", "To Die or To Survive", "War and Peace", "Understanding and Friendship"], ["it is too difficult to achieve peace", "peace can be won through the efforts of all human beings", "another world war is inevitable", "wars will always exist in the world"], ["wars were not expensive in the past", "wars can promote the development of weapons", "things for military use can be transformed to peaceful use", "as long as there are wars, people's way of living cannot be improved"], ["Spend more money educating children.", "Stop military exploration", "Call on people to help each other", "Act from right now on."], ["Optimistic", "Pessimistic", "Imaginative", "Disappointing"]], "questions": ["The best title for this passage is   _  .", "In the writer's opinion,   _  .", "We can infer from the passage that   _  .", "What should we do to achieve peace?", "Which word can best describe the writer's picture of the future of the world?"], "article": "Is war unavoidable? Can war be prevented?\nHistory tells that there were wars, great or small, in every century, in every decade. Throughout the ages, from the Stone age to the Atomic Age, men have been fighting, first with swords and shields , then with guns and cannons, and now, hydrogen bombs and missiles are used for military purpose. But, in spite of all these, it is still my belief that war can be prevented and peace can be won, but it requires the effort of every one of us.\nI am sure that we would not like to experience another world war. If it ever happens, two-thirds of the world and much of the civilization which men have gained through time, patience and effort will be destroyed. Will then the remaining one-third of the world be able to survive on its own?\nOur task now is not to blame the past, but to plan for the future.\nIf there is peace in the world, men can use their rockets to explore the mystery of space, their submarines to explore the depth of the sea, their missiles to deliver mails and their fine equipment to penetrate  the jungles of Africa, instead of using them military.\nGovernments can use their money to build more schools, so that more children can be educated to be useful citizens. Scientists can use atomic energy to propel   steamships and planes. They can also design new machines to increase the production of goods and thus improve the way of living of the people.\nHow can a peaceful world be achieved? It requires, in my opinion, the understanding and friendship between all people from all nations. Let no one suffer discrimination by reason of color, race, religion, or national origin. Let the rich support the poor and the strong help the weak.\nWe know that neither peace nor such a dream world can come true in a day or a month. It may even take decades or centuries. But let us plan and begin now.", "id": "high838.txt"}