{"answers": ["C", "B", "D"], "options": [["The classes are free of charge.", "The students can save much time.", "The students can save a lot of money.", "It is convenient for students to live in the college."], ["Mr Montgomery usually goes to school on foot.", "Most students in community colleges don't live far away.", "8,500 dollars covers all the cost of a four-year public college.", "International students often attend a community college directly."], ["To encourage students to study abroad.", "To tell the international students how to save money.", "To tell us it's a good choice to study in public colleges.", "To give some information about community colleges."]], "questions": ["What's the biggest advantage of a community college?", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?", "What's the main purpose of the passage?"], "article": "Suppose you are thinking about attending college in the United States, but perhaps you might not be ready for a university with a four-year program. About 88,000 international students have found solution. They are attending U.S. community colleges. Such colleges are sometimes called junior colleges. They offer two years of education above the secondary or high school level.\nCommunity college students can choose from subjects like medical assistance, computer science or law. At the end of their study program, they receive a document of completion, called a certificate. Some students work toward an associate degree in traditional academic subjects like science or history. After getting it, the students can move on to a four-year college or university. They may have only two years of study left before they receive a bachelor's degree.\nMany educational experts agree that saving money is the major reason to consider a community college. The American Association of Community Colleges (AACC) says that a public two-year college costs 3,000 dollar a year on average. That is true if the student lives in the same state as the school. A student at a four-year public college may pay 8,500 dollars a year for classes and user fees. That does not include books and other materials.\nSome international students may need more preparation in English before entering a community college in the United States. For example, Istrif Montgomery came to the U.S. from Kosovo in 2006. First, he worked to improve his English at Montgomery College for a year. Then for the next two years, he attended classes in basic subjects in a community college.\nThe international students at two-year colleges need to find a place to live. Most community colleges do not provide student housing on their grounds. But Mr Montgomery had a home nearby. He was able to ride the bicycle, and he was able to walk if he wanted. In fact, most community college students live within five to ten miles off the college.", "id": "high8383.txt"}