{"answers": ["D", "A", "B", "A"], "options": [["introduce his new books.", "introduce two funny stories", "explain why he enjoys writing", "answer some readers' questions"], ["writes imaginary stories for children", "writes very fast.", "mainly writes stories for adults", "works on a friend's farm"], ["improve his spelling", "express his thoughts", "show his sadness", "make a good living"], ["Are your stories true?", "What is the truth in your stories?", "Will you write more imaginary stories?", "Do you know a child looking like a mouse?"]], "questions": ["The writer wrote this passage to  _  .", "We can know from the passage that the writer is a person who  _  .", "The writer started to write because he wanted to  _  .", "What is probably the last question?"], "article": "I receive many letters from children and can't answer them all--there wouldn't be enough time in a day. I'll try to answer some of the questions that are mostly asked. Where did I get the idea for Stuart Little and for Charlotte's Web? Well, many years ago, I went to bed one night in a railway sleeping car, and during the night I dreamed about a tiny boy who acted rather like a mouse. That's how the story of Stuart Little got started.\nAs for Charlotte's Web, I like animals and my farm is a very pleasant place to be--at all hours. One day, when I was on my way to feed the pig, I began feeling sorry for the pig because, like most pigs, he was going to die. This made me sad. So I started thinking of ways to save his life. Three years after I started writing it; it was published . ( I am not a fast writer, as you can see.)\nSometimes I'm asked when I started to write, and what made me want to write. I started early -as soon as I could spell. Children often find pleasure through trying to set their thoughts down on paper, either in words or in pictures. I was not good at drawing, so I used words instead. As I grew older, I found that writing could be a way of making a living.\nWell, here is the answer to the last question. No, they are imaginary   stories. In real life, a family doesn't have a child who looks like a mouse and a spider doesn't write words in her web. Although my stories are imaginary, I like to think that there is some truth in them, too--truth about the way people and animals feel, think and act.", "id": "high8387.txt"}