{"answers": ["C", "D", "B"], "options": [["It is beneficial to building cell walls in eyes.", "It is more delicious than other food.", "It is good for eyesight.", "It is rich in various vitamins."], ["Pumpkins.", "Juice.", "Nuts.", "Broccoli."], ["keep their body in good shape", "choose a healthy diet for their eyes", "prevent serious eye diseases", "get natural sunglasses from food"]], "questions": ["Why should people eat orange food according to the text?", "Which of the following can help block the damaging UV radiation from the sun's rays?", "The purpose of the text is to tell people how to  _  ."], "article": "We all know that if we want to keep our body in good shape we have to do physical exercise regularly as well as be careful with what we eat. What we tend to forget is that this goes for our eyes as well. Medical science confirms that a diet rich in carotenoids   can help maintain good vision  and prevent against a number of eye diseases. Here's some advice about how to choose the right diet to keep your eyes healthy.\n-- Eat orange food. Fruits and vegetables with orange flesh are rich in carotenoids. In addition to carrots,oranges,pumpkins and sweet potatoes are also available. All of these contain high levels of carotenoids,which help to maintain good vision.\n-- Include dark green vegetables,such as spinach   and broccoli   in your diet, to act as natural sunglasses. Recent scientific studies have shown that these vegetables can help block   the damaging UV radiation from the sun's rays.\n-- Prevent some eye diseases with orange juice, yellow corn, whole milk, nuts and leafy vegetables. These foods are good sources of vitamins A, C, D and E. All of these are  necessary to good eye health.\n-- Increase your intake of omega!3 with some sea fish, and some other seafood. Omega-3 helps build cell walls and is especially beneficial to keeping eyes healthy .It also helps regulate the eye's internal pressure and helps the eye dry up excess fluid.", "id": "high8390.txt"}