{"answers": ["B", "D", "A"], "options": [["The best way of enjoying time with one's family.", "A program of learning a new job on holiday.", "A chance to learn how to operate a hotel.", "The most popular jobs around the US."], ["difficult", "boring", "expensive", "enjoyable"], ["they can choose many kinds of them", "they can get some money for their work", "they must have much experience", "they must have a lot of money"]], "questions": ["What is \"Vocation Vacations\" according to the passage?", "It seems that most of the jobs in Vocation Vacations are  _  .", "When people take the jobs in vocation vacations,  _  ."], "article": "Americans do many different things during their vacations. Some people stay at home and enjoy time with their families. They may go to a local swimming pool, zoo or museum. Other people travel to enjoy large national parks, the mountains, the ocean, or large amusement parks. Many people visit interesting American cities or historic areas. Some people visit family members in other states. Still other Americans visit foreign countries.\nRecently there is a new use for vacation time -- learning about a new kind of job. This program is called Vocation Vacations. People pay between six hundred and five thousand dollars to work at a job for a few days or a week.\nBrian Kurth of Portland, Oregon, started Vocation Vacations. He says it serves a valuable purpose. It gives people a chance to try out a job they always wanted without leaving their present job.\nPeople use Vocation Vacations to try many kinds of jobs around the United States. These are jobs that anyone can learn to do. For example, they can learn how to make beer, wine, cheese or cakes. They can help train dogs or horses. They can learn how to be a hunting and fishing guide or a gardener. They can work with a sports announcer, television producer, wedding planner or photographer. Or they can learn how to operate a very small hotel, called a \"bed and breakfast\".\nVocation Vacations recently added several new jobs. They include comedians, dog-sled   drivers and hair stylists. The company says the most popular job so far is winemaking.\nThe Vocation Vacations Website recently asked visitors what prevents them from working at their dream job. More than two thousand people answered. Forty-two percent said the main block is money. Lack of the right education or experience was the answer given by twenty-five percent. Other answers included fear of failure and lack of family support.", "id": "high8394.txt"}