{"answers": ["B", "D", "C", "D"], "options": [["company manger", "program designer", "college professor", "family doctor"], ["didn't like to talk on the phone", "didn't know how to use the phone", "couldn't move or meet with her friends", "was deaf and couldn't hear others on the phone"], ["Interesting.", "Amazing.", "Common.", "Dull."], ["Sending e-mail.", "Making phone call.", "Writing letters.", "Sending text messages."]], "questions": ["We can infer from the text that the author is a  _  .", "Why did the author's wife connect with others by e-mail? Because she  _  .", "What do the young people think of the Internet according to the text?", "What is the best way for the teens to communicate with others?"], "article": "As for older people, some of the applications are hard to use because they didn't grow up with them. They don't have simple models of how it should work. They don't know what to do when it doesn't work.\nI think there is huge potential, so I have designed some for them. The ability to connect to friends, who remember the same movies, news and music, is really important, especially as people get older. They end up in retirement homes and they aren't always close to their friends. Allowing the network to help them connect with friends  and family members is a really powerful thing.\nMy wife likes using the Internet, although it took me years to get her to use e-mail. She was born with normal hearing, but lost it when she was three years old. She was totally deaf for many years until 53 when she got ear implants .They work really well. That is a big change for her. Before then, her friends couldn't call her on the phone, so they insisted that she use e-mails to communicate with them.\nThe younger people don't even think of this as technology. It's just there, and they use it .There's been a very interesting change in communication styles between the old and the young .A woman named Sharryturkle wrote about this phenomenon .There are some kids who are now in their teens and are tending not to make phone calls. And they think of e-mail as old-fashioned and slow.\nThe reason why teens don't make phone calls seems to be that they don't know what to say. When they call they often pause for a while. On the other hand, texting is considered proper, and it's OK if you don't answer. You might have been distracted .It's not considered rude, but it's considered unusual if you're in this kind of voice conversation and simply stop talling.", "id": "high8399.txt"}