{"answers": ["C", "A", "D", "A"], "options": [["To indicate their social rank.", "To show their financial status.", "To show their religious belief.", "To highlight their family background."], ["To pay respect to God.", "To stay in harmony with nature.", "To see things with a subjective view.", "To observe the outside world more clearly."], ["The red dot represented the blood of God.", "Red stood for a wife's love for her husband.", "The word \"bindi\" means \"red\" in some Hindi dialects.", "Red was supposed to bring good luck to a married couple."], ["Bindis are now used as a decorative item.", "Bindis are worn anywhere on the face now.", "Most Indian women do not like to wear bindis anymore.", "Wearing a bindi has become more popular among Indian men."]], "questions": ["Why did people in India start wearing a red dot on their forehead?", "What is the importance of the third eye in Hindu tradition?", "Why was red chosen as the original color of the bindi?", "Which of the following statements is true about the practice of wearing a bindi today?"], "article": "The majority of Indian women wear a red dot   between their eyebrows. While it is generally taken as an indicator of their marital   status, the practice is primarily related to the Hindu religion. The dot goes by different names in different Hindi dialects, and \"bindi\" is the one that is most commonly known. Traditionally, the dot carries no gender restriction: Men as well as women wear it. However, the tradition of men wearing it has faded in recent times, so nowadays we see a lot more women than men wearing one.\nThe position of the bindi is standard: center of the forehead, close to the eyebrows. It represents a third, or inner eye. Hindu tradition holds that all people have three eyes: The two outer ones are used for seeing the outside world, and the third one is there to focus inward toward God. As such, the dot serves as a constant reminder to keep God in the front of a believer's thoughts.\nRed is the traditional color of the dot. It is said that in ancient times a man would place a drop of blood between his wife's eyes to seal their marriage. According to Hindu beliefs, the color red is believed to bring good fortune to the married couple. Today, people go with different colors depending upon their preferences. Women often wear dots that match the color of their clothes. Decorative or sticker bindis come in all sizes, colors and variations, and can be worn by young and old, married and unmarried people alike. Wearing a bindi has become more of a fashion statement than a religious custom.", "id": "high8401.txt"}