{"answers": ["D", "C"], "options": [["It'll get drier and continue to remove CO2.", "It'll remain steamy, warm, damp and thick.", "It'll get warmer and then colder and drier.", "There is no exact answer up to present."], ["Studies of the Amazon", "Climates of the Amazon", "Secrets of the Rainforests", "Changes of the Rainforests"]], "questions": ["How will the Amazon rainforest react to future climate change?", "The best title for this passage may probably be   _  ."], "article": "Walk through the Amazon rainforest today and you will find it is steamy, warm, damp and thick. But if you had been around 15, 000 years ago, during the last ice age, would it have been the same? For more than 30 years, scientists have been arguing about how rainforests like the Amazon might have reacted   to the cold, dry climates of the ice ages, but until now, no one has reached a satisfying answer.\nRainforests like the Amazon are important for _ CO2from the atmosphere and helping to slow global warming. Currently the trees in the Amazon take in around 500 million tons of CO2each year: equal to the total amount of CO2giving off in the UK each year. But how will the Amazon react to future climate change? If it gets drier, will it still survive and continue to draw down CO2? Scientists hope that they will be able to learn in advance how the rainforest will manage in the future by understanding how rainforests reacted to climate change in the past.\nUnfortunately, getting into the Amazon rainforest and collecting information are very difficult. To study past climate, scientists need to look at fossilized pollen, kept in lake muds. Going back to the last ice age means drilling deep down into lake sediments   which requires specialized equipment and heavy machinery. There are very few roads and paths, or places to land helicopters and aero-planes. Rivers tend to the easiest way to enter the forest, but this still leaves vast areas between the rivers completely unsampled  . So far, only a handful of cores have been drilled that go back to the last ice age and none of them provide enough information to prove how the Amazon rainforest reacts to climate change.", "id": "high8415.txt"}