{"answers": ["C", "B", "A", "B"], "options": [["About 40", "Over 5,400", "About 4", "Over 100"], ["we have too many new ideas", "we have only a few new ideas", "we never have new ideas", "we change our ideas from time to time"], ["The Power of Thought", "Think Before You Take Actions", "New world Comes From New Ideas", "Never Think of Yourself Only"], ["To tell people some facts of our thoughts.", "To encourage us to change our habit of thinking.", "To tell us why we have no new ideas.", "To remind us of the influence from other."]], "questions": ["_  thoughts per minute you had are the same as yesterday and the day before.", "The author thinks our life changes very little because", "The best title for the passage would be", "What is the author's purpose in writing the passage?"], "article": "It is said that a person has about 6,000 thoughts every day, Yet, of the 6,000 thoughts you have today, ninety percent of these are the same as the 6,000 you had yesterday and the day before, leaving little room for new thoughts. No wonder life can seem _ at times. Unless you start to think differently, you are to continue to create and repeat the same old reality every day. Is it not time to change your thoughts, enliven your dreams and let reality catch up?\nMost of our thoughts and actions are habits, and we go thought the same motions each day, with little change in our behaviors or outlook. What would happen if you challenged these habits or customs? What if you were to step out of your comfort zone and explore new ideas or new ways or doing things? Would your life not change as a result?\nThought is a form of energy. Does this energy keep you forward or hold you back? You have a choice about the thoughts you think. How many times in the past have you chosen to disregard your positive thoughts and focus on your negative  thoughts? At this moment, if you were to be at ease and to focus on your positive thoughts while discounting your negative thoughts, how would your life change?\nTo realize your dreams, pay attention to what is happening around you. Be curious. Notice how your thoughts about yourself, your thoughts about others and your thoughts about what others may be thinking of you influence and what you are able to achieve. Start to think, see and experience things, people, places and events in new ways. Recognize what happens when you begin to think differently about yourself and what you are capable of achieving.", "id": "high8419.txt"}