{"answers": ["A", "C", "D", "C"], "options": [["the audience", "public schools", "advertising agencies", "other television stations"], ["Cable services.", "Generous donations.", "Tele-courses.", "Live news broadcasts."], ["The majority of their viewers are minority people.", "Ninety-five percent of their programs are tele-courses.", "They are shrinking in number because they make no profits.", "Their courses are accepted by many universities in America."], ["ABC", "PBS", "NBC", "Fox"]], "questions": ["According to this article, PBS received part of its funding from  _  .", "What is PBS most famous for?", "Which of the following is TRUE about public television stations?", "Which of the following has the highest percentage of viewers?"], "article": "Though the Web is becoming increasingly popular, the TV never fails to attract people. Do you know which television network is the largest in America? It is not ABC, CBS, or Fox. Nor is it one of the cable net-works such as CNN, which carries only news and news stories. It is not ESPN, the all-sports cable net-work, or even MTV, which is famous for its music videos. Rather it is PBS, Public Broadcasting System, a non-profit public broadcasting TV service. PBS has 349 member television stations in the U. S. and some member stations by cable in Canada.\nPBS only attracts a minority of all TV viewers, about 2 percent. The industry leader, NBC, however, attracts 11 percent of viewers. But the growth of public television in the past two decades has been dramatic. This is especially noteworthy  when one considers that public television stations must often survive on very limited budgets, on viewers' donations, and on private foundations and some governmental funding.\nThe level of quality of PBS programs, whether in national and international news, entertainment, or education, is excellent. Almost a whole generation of children throughout the world is familiar with Sesame Street and the characters of The Muppet Show. PBS is especially well known for the quality of its many educational TV programs. Over 95 percent of all public television stations have tele-courses. These courses are accepted and supported by more than 1, 800 colleges and universities throughout the US. Each year, over a quarter of a million students take courses this way.", "id": "high8440.txt"}