{"answers": ["D", "B", "C"], "options": [["trust him and stop asking questions", "try the camera to see if there was anything wrong with it", "get more information about different companies", "compare the camera he had chosen with the others"], ["knew very little about it", "wanted to make sure the one he chose would be the best", "didn't trust the shop assistant", "had a special interest in taking pictures of his fellow shoppers"], ["we waste too much money on cameras", "cameras have become an important part of our daily life", "we don't actually need so many choices when buying a product", "famous companies care more about profit than quality"]], "questions": ["The shop assistant insisted that the writer should   _  .", "The writer decided to try the model he had chosen because he   _  .", "It can be inferred from the passage that in the writer's opinion,   _  ."], "article": "My old digital camera broke down, so I wanted to buy a new one. Being the cautious type, I  fancied a reliable brand. So I went on the Net, spent 15 minutes reading product reviews on good  websites, wrote down the names of three top recommendations and headed for my nearest big  friendly camera store. There in the cupboard was one of the cameras on my list. And it was on   special offer. Oh joy. I pointed at it and asked an assistant, \"Can I have one of those? \" He looked   perturbed . \"Do you want to try it first?\" he said. It didn't quite sound like a question. \"Do I need to?\" I replied, \"There's nothing wrong with it.\" This made him look a bit offended and I started to feel bad. \"No, no. But you should try it,\" he said encouragingly, \"compare it with the others.\nI looked across at the others: shelves of similar cameras placed along the wall, offering a wide range of slightly different prices and discounts, with each company selling a range of models based around the same basic box. With so many models to choose from, it seemed that I would have to spend hours weighing X against Y, always trying to take Z and possibly H into account at the same time. But when I had finished, I would still have only the same two certainties that I had entered the store with: first, soon after I carried my new camera out of the shop, it would be worth half what I paid for it; and second, my wonderful camera would very quickly be replaced by a new model.\nBut something in the human soul whispers that you can beat these traps by making the right choice, the clever choice, the wise choice. In the end, I agreed to try the model I had chosen. The assistant seemed a sincere man. So I let him take out my chosen camera from the cupboard, show how it took excellent pictures of my fellow shoppers... and when he started to introduce the special features, I interrupted to ask whether I needed to buy a carry-case and a memory card as well. Why do we think that new options still offer us anything new? Perhaps it is because they offer an opportunity to avoid facing the fact that our real choices in this culture are far more limited than we would like to imagine.", "id": "high8441.txt"}