{"answers": ["B"], "options": [["Health.", "Technology.", "Entertainment.", "Business."]], "questions": ["Which section of BBC news is most likely to.include this passage?"], "article": "Helge and Kari Farsund, who live in Oslo, Norway, have been a couple for 50 years. Mr Farsund worrked as an engineer, while his wife was an intensive-care nurse at one point serving with the Red Cross in Rwanda, helping victims of the violent war in that country.Three years ago, a personal tragedy struck, when Mrs Farsund was found to have developed Alzheimer's . 'As the condition became worse, Mr Farsund began looking for a system that could help both of them live as normal a life as possible. He came across the healthcare technology company Abilia, which has come up with just such a network.\nAt the center \\of the system is an iPad-like device. The screen has Skype, which allows carers to regularly check in with patients. It also has a planner for patients or carers to record up-coming events and provides spoken reminders about daily tasks, such as when they need to take medicine.\nSome l,000 people now have the system installed in their homes, and 25 of them, including the Farsunds, are testing the latest version, which combines the screen with wirelessly connected sensors. The motion sensors know if you are in the room or open a door, and send out alarms, for instance, if the stove  is left on for more than 15 minutes or a per.son opens a door in the middle of the night. The second is a particular issue in Oslo, where sub-zero winters mean some Alzheimer's patients are freezing to death.\n\"With.this kind of system, it allows people to take care of themselves, which is the most important thing,\" says vice president Oystein Johnsen. For him, any move to improve city life needs to begin with people. \"Smart cities are coming and they need to start with individuals in their own home,\" he says. \"It also saves the govemment money. In Norway it costPS100,000 per year to have someone in a home, while this system costs 15,000. That is a lot of money to save.\"", "id": "high8444.txt"}