{"answers": ["D", "D", "A", "D"], "options": [["Visitors to Mecca.", "A great travel joumal.", "Ibn Barttuta and the sultan.", "Ibn Battuta and adventures."], ["optimistic", "sympathetic", "submitted", "committed"], ["Ibn wasn't fond of the sultan of Delhi", "Ibn never liked ancient China", "Ibn was a good friend of Marco Polo", "Ibn dedicated the book to his child"], ["His love for the country.", "His faith in God.", "His plan to write a book.", "His sultan's order."]], "questions": ["What is the main topic of the article?", "What is Ibn Battuta's main character reflected in this article?", "It can be inferred from the text that  _  .", "What brought Ibn Battuta finally back to his motherland?"], "article": "\"I left Tangier, my birthplace, the 13th of June 1325 with the intention of making the pilgrimage  to Mecca... to leave all my friends both female and male, to abandon my home as birds abandon their nests.\" So begins an old manuscript  in a library in Paris-the travel journal of Ibn Battuta.\nAlmost two centuries before Columbus, Ibn Battuta set off for Mecca, returning home three decades later as one of history's great travelers. Driven by curiosity, he journeyed to remote comers of the Islamic world, traveling through 44 modern countries, three times as far as Marco Polo. Little celebrated in the West, his name is well known among Arabs. In his hometown of Tangier, a square, a hotel, a cafe, a ferry boat, and even a hamburger are named after him.\nIbn Battuta stayed in Mecca as a student for several years, but the urge to travel soon took over. In one adventure, he traveled to India seeking profitable employment with the sultan of Delhi.On the way, he described his group being attacked in the open country by 80 men on foot, and two horsemen. \"We fought... killing one of their horsemen and about twelve of the foot soldiers... I was hit by an arrow and my horse by another, but God in his grace preserved me... \". In Delhi, the sultan gave him the position of judge, based on his _ study at Mecca. But the sultan had an unpredictable character, and Ibn Battuta looked for an opportunity to leave. When the sultan offered to finance a trip to China, he agreed. IbnBattuta set off in three ships, but misfortune struck while he was still on the shore. A sudden storm grounded and broke up two ships, scattering treasure and drowning many people and horses. As he watched, the third ship with all his belongings and slaves (one carrying his child), was carried out to sea and never heard from again.\nAfter a lifetime of incredible adventures, Ibn Battuta was finally ordered by the sultan of Morocco to return home to share his wisdom with the world. Fortunately, he agreed and wrote a book that has been translated into numerous languages, allowing people everywhere to read about his unparalleled journeys.", "id": "high8445.txt"}