{"answers": ["D", "C", "B"], "options": [["New York's extensive transit system", "when and why superstorm formed", "the latest information about Sandy", "superstorm Sandy's destruction in America"], ["they didn't know a superstorm was on the way", "they didn't believe the government's warnings", "they didn't want to take the trouble to move", "they had no chance of leaving before Sandy hit the area"], ["It had killed at least 43 lives when the news was released.", "It would move into Canada on Tuesday night.", "It would bring another rain to the eastern Great Lakes", "It led to power failure in many areas in America."]], "questions": ["The passage mainly talks about  _  .", "Mary Norton and her husband didn't leave their home because  _  .", "Which of the following statements about Sandy is WRONG?"], "article": "Superstorm Sandy's march of destruction claimed at least 43 lives and left more than eight million people without electricity by late Tuesday, in one of the largest storms ever to strike the East Coast.\nLess violent but still dangerous, the storm swept across Pennsylvania on Tuesday and the northeastern US began its slow process of recovery. As dawn broke Tuesday on the storm's trail of destruction, it began exposing stories of heroism and tragedy, bad decisions and lucky breaks.\nIn Broad Channel in New York City, a 29-year-old mother was forced to dive and swim out of her house's front window with her 8-year-old daughter. And in Freeport, N.Y., Nicole Smith returned home --- to find a boat on her lawn. She asked passers-by for $5 to take a snapshot. A 13-year-old girl was found dead, in her pajamas, a block from her washed-out Staten Island home. On Monday night, Sandy's waves ripped out the entire deck of Jeffrey Ratner's home, along with the back wall. Still, Mr. Ratner said, he remains optimistic about the future. \"We are going to rebuild it,\" he said.\nThe official warnings to evacuate were clear, a couple said. But staying home just seemed easier. \"It's not their fault; it's ours,\" said Mary Norton, 88, head in her hands. \"We did not leave.\"\nNew York's extensive transit system, a lifeline for millions of commuters , suffered the greatest damage as floodwaters drowned all seven subway tunnels connecting Manhattan and Brooklyn. Jseph Lhota, Chairman of the Metropolitan Transportation Authority, described it as the most destroying in the 108-year history of the New York subway.\nForecaster said Sandy, which had maximum continuing winds of 45 miles an hour Tuesday afternoon, would cross western Pennsylvania on Tuesday night before moving into Canada on Wednesday as it meets cold air fronts. Another inch of rain was expected from the eastern Great Lakes across the mid-Atlantic and into southern New England.", "id": "high8448.txt"}