{"answers": ["B", "C", "A"], "options": [["has a very long history in North Africa", "is not celebrated on the same dates each year", "is attended mainly by the people in the Sahara", "is celebrated only by travelers from different countries"], ["horsemen, dancers, horses and soldiers", "horsemen, horses, government leaders and dancers", "government leaders, horsemen, dancers and soldiers", "musicians, soldiers, government leaders and soldiers"], ["what happens on the opening day of the Sahara Festival", "how people celebrate during the three-day Sahara Festival", "what takes place at the closing ceremonies of the Sahara Festival", "how animals race on the first and the last days of the Sahara Festival"]], "questions": ["The Sahara Festival is a festival which  _  .", "Before the races begin,  _  take part in the activities during the opening ceremonies.", "This passage mainly tells readers  _  ."], "article": "The Sahara Festival is a three-day African celebration of the very recent past, which takes place every year either in November or December. It is part military display and part competition. The military display comes first. It is very popular with tourists and local people and especially with government leaders.\nDuring the opening ceremonies, the government leaders first make speeches. They welcome everybody to the display and hope that everyone will enjoy themselves. Then there is a display of soldiers who march very smartly in front of the place where the government leaders sit. Then horsemen from several different countries show off their beautiful clothes and their good riding skills. One after another they come and dancers from all over the Sahara take their turns to show off their wonderful traditional clothes and dances. They are accompanied by men playing drums and beating strong rhythms for the dancers.\nThe highlight of the opening ceremony are the races which take place in the evening. It is the grand _ of the day. Men ride their horses very fast. Some ride with their legs in the air, others ride in pairs on different horses. It is so fast and so wonderful!", "id": "high8470.txt"}