{"answers": ["D", "C", "A"], "options": [["People from Qatar", "People from Thailand", "People from Japan", "People from Singapore"], ["Life expectancy.", "Education.", "Natural beauty.", "Per capital income."], ["Happiness does not depend on wealth", "How to live happily?", "Health leads to happiness", "What are the standards to be happy men?"]], "questions": ["_   may feel the most unhappy according to the poll.", "Which of the following is NOT included in the United Nations' Human Development Index?", "What's the best title of the text?"], "article": "As the richest country in the world, you'd expect that Qatar would also be the happiest. And you'd also expect Japanese people to be extremely positive, seeing as though they have the highest life expectancy. But clearly wealth and good health do not guarantee happiness after both countries failed to make the top ten most positive countries.\nThe poll ( ) of nearly 150,000 people around the world found that seven of the world's 10 countries with the most upbeat attitudes are in Latin America. _ asked about 1,000 people in each of 148 countries if they were wellrested, had been treated with respect, smiled or laughed a lot, learned or did something interesting and felt feelings of enjoyment the previous day.\nIn Panama and Paraguay, 85 percent of those polled said yes to all five, putting those countries at the top of the list. They were followed  closely  by  El Salvador,  Venezuela, Trinidad and Tobago, Thailand, Guatemala, the Philippines, Ecuador and Costa Rica.\nThe people least likely to report positive emotions lived in Singapore, the wealthy and orderly citystate that ranks among the most developed in the world. Other wealthy countries also sat surprisingly low on the list. Germany and France tied with the poor African state of Somaliland for 47th place.\nMany of the seven countries which were most positive do poorly in traditional measures of wellbeing, like Guatemala, a country torn by decades of civil war followed by waves of gangdriven criminality that give it one of the highest killing rates in the world. Guatemala sits just above Iraq on the United Nations' Human Development Index, a composite of life expectancy, education and per capital income. But it ranks seventh in positive emotions.\nIn Guatemala, it's a culture of friendly people who are always smiling,  said Luz Castillo,  a 30yearold surfing instructor. Despite all the problems that we're facing, we're surrounded by natural beauty that lets us get away from it all.\nThe poll shows that prosperous nations can also be deeply unhappy ones. And povertystricken ones are often positive, or at least a close approximation   of it.", "id": "high8475.txt"}