{"answers": ["C", "D", "D", "D"], "options": [["In 2008.", "In 2009.", "In 2010.", "In 2011."], ["Marita Davies.", "David Hudson.", "The driver of the car that Marita took.", "Both of the drivers involved in the accident."], ["Lucky.", "Satisfied.", "Surprised.", "Unconfident."], ["prove modeling is a promising career.", "warn people not to drive after drinking", "suggest having a dream is a good thing", "praise Marita's spirits to overcome difficulties"]], "questions": ["When did the accident happen?", "Who should be to blame for the accident?", "How did Marita feel when modeling jobs became available to her?", "The passage is intended to   _  ."], "article": "A teenager realized her dream of becoming a professional model three years after a serious car accident.\nMarita Davies was on her way home from a party when the crash happened. The car that Marita took as a passenger was going the wrong way and crashed into another car driven by a drunken driver named David Hudson, which left her with a broken leg and back. It took the firefighters more than two hours to free the teenager from the damaged car before she was taken to hospital. Marita was in a wheelchair for a year after being bed-ridden for nine months.\nMarita feared her dream of a modeling career was over. She said, \"I was extremely upset and shocked when I knew about my terrible injuries. I thought my dream of becoming a model was over. My leg and back were broken. The crash had broken my confidence and I became quiet and spent less time with other people. I was 16, and at that age all I wanted to do was to go out with my friends.\"\nBut as her health took a turn for the better, Marita finally came out of the wheelchair and learned to walk. She decided she would still try to follow her dreams, and sent some photos off to some modeling agencies. She did a few unpaid jobs while studying at college. Soon, paid commercial modeling jobs started coming in. Marita was a bit doubtful at first, because the crash had left her with huge scars on her leg and back. She was worried that people wouldn't want her to model for them, but this didn't stop her.\nMarita had done amazingly well to overcome everything that had been thrown at her in the three years. Finally, Marita became a professional model in 2013. She was signed up for advertising campaigns and appeared in TV ads.", "id": "high8489.txt"}