{"answers": ["C", "B", "B"], "options": [["Fido didn't leave its sick master's chamber-door even refused to take food until its master recovery.", "Fido saved its master when his master was sleeping in an old house", "Fido drove away the wolf to protect its master's sheep.", "Fido drove away the sparrows as they were stealing the chickens'meat."], ["by inference", "by examples", "by comparison", "by figures"], ["Saving the Master", "The Loyal Dog", "Protecting the Master's Possession", "The Duty of a Little Dog"]], "questions": ["Which of the following description is NOT mentioned in the text?", "The text is developed   _  .", "Which one is the best title for the text?"], "article": "Fido was now his master's constant companion in his walks, playing and skipping round him, and amusing him by a thousand sportive tricks . He took care, however, not to be troublesome by leaping on him with dirty paws, nor would he follow him into the parlor , unless invited. He also attempted to make himself useful by a number of little services. He would drive away the sparrows as they were stealing the chickens' meat; and would run and bark with the utmost fury at any strange pigs or other animals that offered to come into the yard. He kept the poultry, geese, and pigs from straying beyond their bounds and particularly from doing mischief in the garden. He was always ready to alarm Towzer if there was any suspicious noise about the house, day or night. If his master pulled off his coat in the field to help his workman, as he would sometimes do, Fido always sat by it, and would not suffer either man or beast to touch it. By this means he came to be considered as a very trusty protector of his master's property.\nHis master was once confined to his bed with a dangerous illness. Fido planted himself at the chamber-door, and could not be persuaded to leave it even to take food; and as soon as his master was so far recovered as to sit up, Fido, being admitted into the room, ran up to him with such marks of excessive joy and affection, as would have melted any heart to behold.\nOne hot day, after dinner, his master was sleeping in a summer-house , with Fido by his side. The building was old and crazy; the dog comprehended the danger, and began barking to awaken his master; and this not sufficing, he jumped up, and gently bit his finger. The master upon this started up, and had just time to get out of the door before the whole building fell down. Fido, who was behind, got hurt by some rubbish which fell upon him. Thus his love and fidelity had their full reward.", "id": "high8497.txt"}