{"answers": ["D", "C", "A"], "options": [["some of his wheat had been damaged", "his grain was growing up in circles.", "his grain was moved into several circles", "some of his wheat had fallen onto the ground."], ["The farmer couldn't step out of the field.", "The farmers couldn't make the circles round.", "The farmers couldn't leave without footprints.", "The farmers couldn't keep the wheat straight up."], ["An Unsolved Mystery", "Strange Flying Objects", "The Power of Natural Forces", "The discovery of Strange Circles"]], "questions": ["In the summer of 1978, an English farmer discovered in his field that   _  .", "Which of the following may prove that the crop circles are not made by man?", "A proper title for this passage is   _  ."], "article": "In the summer of 1978 an English farmer was driving his tractor through a field of wheat when he discovered that some of his wheat was lying flat on the ground. The fattened   wheat formed a circle about six meters across. Around this circle were four smaller circles of flattened wheat. The five circles were in a formation like five dots. During the following years, farmers in England found the strange circles in their fields more and more often.\nThe circles are called \"crop circles\" because they appear in the fields of grain - usually wheat or corn. The grain in the circles lies flat on the ground but never broken; it continues to grow, and farmers can later harvest it. Farmers always discover the crop circles in the morning, so the circles probably form at night. They appear only in the months from May to September.\nAt first, people thought that the circles were a _ . Probably young people were making them as a joke, or farmers were making them to attract tourists. To prove that the circles were a hoax, people tried to make circles exactly like the ones that farmer had found. They couldn't do it. They couldn't enter a field of grain without leaving tracks , and they couldn't flatten the grain without breaking it.\nMany people believe that beings from outer space are making the circle to communicate with us from far away and that the crop circles are messages from them.\nScientists who have studied the crop circles suggested several possibilities. Some scientists say that a downward rush of wind leads to the formation of the circles - the same downward rush of air that sometimes causes an airplane to crash. Other scientists say that forces within the earth cause the circles to appear. There is one problem with all these scientific explanations: crop circles often appear in formations, like the five-dot formation. It is hard to believe that any natural force could form those.", "id": "high85.txt"}