{"answers": ["C", "B"], "options": [["only children like to play with toys", "toys have nothing to do with children's future life", "the development of toys is related to science and technology", "plastic is the best material for making toys"], ["the electronic toys are good for children if they play often enough", "the electronic toys prevent children keeping in touch with the real world", "children should be stopped from being hurt by the danger coming from the outside world", "children should play with electronic toys instead of the traditional ones"]], "questions": ["From the article, we can know that  _  .", "According to Dr Singer,  _  ."], "article": "Through history, children have played with toys and they help to prepare children for adult life. But the toys are changing all the time. As science and technology have changed the way adults live, the toys children play with have changed as well. Developments in science and technology have had a big effect on the toys that children play with. Today trains and mobile phones are popular toys for young children, but there were no toys of this kind before real trains and mobile phones were invented.  The materials that toys are made of have also changed.  Today lots of toys are made of plastic. Plastic is a modern, man-made material that did not exist   in the past. On the other hand, some other toys that you have might not be all that different from the ones children played with 1,000 years ago. Scientists have found some bone dice  in Aberdeen. In medieval  times dice were used for playing games as much as they are today.\nA recent survey found that half of all the children aged from 4 to 6 have played video games, a quarter of them regularly. The increasing use of electronic toys troubles Dr Singer, a professor at Yale. \"One thing we know is that kids in early years need to be in touch with the real world,\" he said, \"No matter how brilliant they are, they're not going to learn to walk, to move or to talk to others unless their hands or feet have a direct role in such activities.\"\nSome toy experts argue that the best toys are the ones that increase a child's creativity and imagination. Traditional toys can be used for different kinds of purposes and be used in group settings, individually , and one-to-one. They are also used differently depending on the child's age and skill level. And these toys made of natural materials are valuable for children because they teach children what the world is made of.", "id": "high851.txt"}