{"answers": ["A", "D"], "options": [["ask people with sleep problems to try and use Somnapure", "introduce a kind of medicine to help sleep better", "draw people's attention to the bad effects of the lack of sleep", "talk about what the main causes of the sleep problems are"], ["the instructions to take Somnapure", "the side effects of Somnapure", "the price of Somnapure", "the way to get Somnapure"]], "questions": ["The purpose of the passage is to   _  .", "We can infer that the passage is probably immediately followed by information about   _  ."], "article": "Does this sound familiar? It's 3:00 am and you're still awake and staring at the clock. You can't sleep , and you've already tried all the familiar tricks - taken a warm bath , drunk a glass of heated milk ,tried counting sheep, and read a book -all with no success. If you are such a sufferer, remember you're not alone. Experts said that one in every four Americans have trouble falling or staying asleep.\nLack of sleep can hurt your quality of life in so many ways. Short temper, impatience, poor decision-making, and mood swings are common among those with sleeping problems. Besides, relationships with family, friends, and co-workers may suffer as a result. Improper sleep can also put your safety at risk by reducing your awareness.\nWhen you're awake in the middle of the night, you can start to feel desperate for a way out . However, it makes sense to weigh the available treatments before choosing the one that's right for you. Other sleep aids may seem like _ , but it turns out that there are many disadvantages of these drugs. For one thing, they may require expensive, time-consuming trips to your physician. They may also be habit-forming or have unpleasant side effects like dizziness( ) dry mouth, and next-day sleepiness. Plus , they become less effective over time.\nSo what is the best sleep aid available on the market today? The answer is Somnapure , a product that represents nature and science coming together. This all-natural sleep aid which comes from Peak Life allows you to fall asleep quickly and remain asleep through the night . With Somnapure, you wake up feeling refreshed and energetic. Somnapure is currently giving away a 14-day trial here. Get your Somnapure trial for better, deeper sleep that you deserve.", "id": "high852.txt"}