{"answers": ["C", "B", "D"], "options": [["Sunny.", "Jane.", "Sally.", "Johnson."], ["Sunny.", "Jane.", "Sally.", "Johnson."], ["Whether students should be punished without doing homework.", "What kind of homework should be given to students.", "What role homework plays in helping students to learn.", "Whether teachers should give homework to students."]], "questions": ["Who thinks that too much homework may do harm to students' physical and mental health?", "Who thinks homework should help students learn something practical?", "What problem do the speakers talk about?"], "article": "Nowadays they are giving homework even during the holidays and I hate that very much. But I think there is a reason for it. Homework is given so that we can remember whatever we have learnt. Regular drilling and repetition make perfect. But teachers have started to give too much homework. Anything in excess   is bad.\nJane\nWhat's the use of just homework without allowing children to get an insight   into the subject? It just makes them bookworms but nothing else. Homework such as writing some things 5 times at home will just make them memorize things but not put them into use. I regret to say that teachers find it easy to bundle   the children with homework rather than making them get interested to understand what they learn. The same trend continues even in college. I find that most of the so-called high scorers are unable to answer simple things in an interview.\nSally\nIt is OK to give homework. But it should be given less. We are spending most of our time in school and at least we must be free in our home. If you give homework, we will be very tired and we wouldn't be able to pay attention to extra-curricular activities, which in turn may affect our physical and mental health. So please give less homework to us.\nJohnson\nIt is part of our work to give students homework. There will be some punishments if we won't do our work. So I have to do that though I know such a teacher is not liked by students.", "id": "high8522.txt"}