{"answers": ["C", "C", "A", "D"], "options": [["His wife", "The large tree", "A plough", "The lightning itself"], ["Edwards had been deaf and blind for nearly ten years", "Edwards lost all his senses for about 20 minutes after the lightning had struck him down", "Doctor held the belief that Edwards was never really blind and deaf.", "Edwards woke up with face in mud."], ["Hiding from the rain under a tree.", "Driving a car.", "Taking a walk", "lying on the ground"], ["He regained them from head injury when he fell from a tree.", "His wife's first visit after almost ten years made him so happy that he regained them.", "The lightning took the feeling from his legs and gave the senses of sight and hearing to his head.", "The blow that caused him blind and deaf was very severe, so it took another severe blow to regain them."]], "questions": ["What did Edwards see first after being struck down by a lightning?", "Which of the following is NOT true?", "What was Edwards doing when he was struck by the lightning?", "How did Edwards get his sight and hearing once more according to the doctor?"], "article": "Something strange was unbelievable. Take Robert for example. After the terrible car accident, his whole world had been completely dark and quiet for almost ten years. The loss of sight and hearing made him try many times to put end to his life.\nHis family especially his wife did their best to tend and comfort him. By and by he finally regained the courage to live on.\nOn a hot summer afternoon he was taking a walk with a stick near his house when a thunderstorm started suddenly. He stood under a large tree in order not to get himself wet. Unfortunately he was struck down to the ground by a lightning. The witnesses thought him dead but he woke up some 20 minutes later lying face down in muddy water below the tree. He felt that he was trembling badly, but when he opened his eyes ,he didn't dare to believe that he saw a plough(  )lying near the wall. When Mrs Edwards came running up to him, she shouted their neighbours for help. And he saw her and heard her voice for the first time in nearly ten years.\nThe news of Robert's regaining his sight and hearing quickly spread in his area. And many doctors came to prove the truth of the news. Most of them said that he gained sight and hearing again obviously from the knock of lightning; none of them could give convincing reasons, however. The only reasonable explanation given by one doctor was that, since Edwards lost his sight and hearing as a result of sudden shock in a terrible accident, perhaps the only way for them to regain was by another sudden shock.", "id": "high8523.txt"}