{"answers": ["B", "C", "D", "C", "D"], "options": [["man's life will be different in the future", "future man will look quite different from us", "man is growing taller and uglier as time passes", "the functions of man's organs  will function as well as today"], ["Man's hair is getting thinner and thinner.", "Man has got stronger eyes now than he ever had.", "Man has been growing taller over the past 500 years.", "Man's arms and legs have become lighter and weaker."], ["he makes use of only 20 % of the brain's capacity.", "the other 80% of his brain will grow in due  time.", "his brain has grown larger over the past centuries.", "he will use his brain more and more as time goes on."], ["He thinks and feels in different way.", "He has smaller eyes and wears better glasses.", "He is hairless because hair is no longer useful.", "His fingers grow weaker because he doesn't use them."], ["future life is always predictable", "human beings hope for a change in the future life", "human beings will become less attractive in the future", "Less use of a bodily organ may lead to its degeneration"]], "questions": ["The passage mainly tells us that  _  .", "Which of the following serves as the evidence that man is changing?", "The change in man's size of forehead is probably because  _", "Which of the following is true about a human being in the future?", "It can be inferred from the passage that   _  ."], "article": "What will man be like in the future----in 5000 or even 50,000 years from now? We can only make guesses, of course, but we can be sure that he will be different from what he is today, for man is slowly changing all the time.\nLet us take an obvious example. Man, even five hundred years ago, was shorter than he is today. Now, on average, men are about three inches taller. Five hundred years is relatively short period of time, so we may assume that man will continue to grow taller. Again, in the modern world we use our brains a great deal. Even so, we still make use of only about 20% of the brain's capacity. As time goes on, however, we shall have to use our brains more and more, and eventually we shall need larger ones! This is likely to bring about a physical change to the head, in particular the forehead, will grow larger.\nNowadays our eyes are in constant use. In fact, we use them so much that very often they become weaker and we have to wear glasses. But over very long period of time it is likely that man's eyes will grow stronger.\nOn the other hand, we tend to make less use of our arms and legs. These, as a result, are likely to grow weaker. At the same time, however, our fingers will grow more sensitive because they are used a great deal in modern life.\nBut what about hair? This will probably disappear from the body altogether in course of time because it does not serve a useful purpose any longer. In the future, then, both sexes are likely to be bald.\nPerhaps all this gives the impression that future man will not be a very attractive creature to look at! This may well be true. All the same, in spite of all these changes, future man will still have a lot in common with us. He will still be a human being, with thoughts and emotions similar to our own.", "id": "high8538.txt"}