{"answers": ["A", "B", "A"], "options": [["choose a proper university", "study at American universities", "learn the information about websites", "supply the information about studying abroad"], ["Chinese girls.", "Graduates.", "Undergraduates.", "High school students."], ["Choosing a university is not easy.", "How to study at universities abroad.", "A Chinese girl and Columbia University.", "Academic strengths of the University of Waterloo."]], "questions": ["For high school students it's very important to   _  .", "Who can major in journalism program in Columbia University?", "What's the best title for the passage?"], "article": "Some of my friends are making big decisions in their life: Which universities should they apply to? I also notice that many high school students in China are thinking of studying at universities abroad. Unluckily, from what I've seen, the information given by some websites and other media about studying abroad is very limited and sometimes even wrong.\nThere was once a Chinese girl who hoped that she could go to Columbia University in the US because she wanted to major in journalism. However, they have no journalism program at the undergraduate level! What's more, in both Canada and the US, it's not suggested that students throw themselves into journalism right after high school. School say that students should take in more knowledge about the world and writing before entering that field.\nThe University of Waterloo, a Canadian university famous for its engineering program, is another example. The emphasis  of engineering in this school may go beyond your expectations. According to our teachers, this university spent millions of dollars building a library just for engineering students. The school's computer science, mathematics and accounting are also great programs for students.\nBut, to be honest, according to my friends who have visited this university, the campus and the food are not very nice. Maybe this is because the school stresses its academic( )strengths too much, thereby paying little attention to personal comforts.\nNow you see, choosing a university is really not that easy. We need to do good research and consult as many people as possible before making a decision.", "id": "high8545.txt"}