{"answers": ["B", "C", "C"], "options": [["enjoys walking short distances", "enjoys walking long distances", "climbs rocks and mountains", "likes adventure"], ["he went on climbing the canyon", "he managed to return to the mountain lodge", "he cut off part of his arm to survive", "two other hikers helped him out"], ["Because this was his second near-death experience.", "Because he was brave and calm.", "Because he told no one where he was going when he set off.", "Because he amputated his arm below the elbow."]], "questions": ["According to the passage, a \"hiker\" is probably someone who   _  .", "When a big stone trapped his right arm,   _  .", "Why did Ralston's survival bring criticism?"], "article": "Last Sunday, Aron Ralston, an experienced hiker and mountaineer, set off to walk alone through the Bluejohn desert canyon   in Utah. He was planning an eight-hour, 21-kilometer hike. While he was climbing through a narrow part of the canyon, a big stone weighing about 400 kilos fell and trapped his right arm.\nWhen he failed to return to the mountain camp where he was staying that night, people simply thought he had decided to camp out somewhere in the canyon. When he still had not returned by Tuesday, the alarm was raised, A search party set out on Wednesday evening, but there we no sign and his family began to fear the worst.\nIn fact, Ralston, 27, was lying trapped in the canyon. By Tuesday, he had run out of water. By Thursday, he realized that he would not survive unless he took unusual action, so he used his pocket knife to cut his arm below the elbow  . He then climbed down to the bottom of the canyon. There he met two other hikers, who helped him back to safety. He received some help at a local hospital before being carried to St. Mary's hospital in Grand Junction, Colorado for surgery.\nRalston's astonishing survival brought equal amounts of praise and criticism. While praising the climber for his bravery and calm, experts also pointed out he had broken the first rule of outdoor pursuits. He had failed to leave words with anyone of where he was going that day.\nThis was in fact Ralston's second near-death experience. In February, he was buried up to the neck in snow by an avalanche   while skiing in the Colorado Rockies. Ralston not only managed to dig himself out but he also rescued his skiing companion, who had been completely buried in the snow. Ralton rescued himself and his friend in less than 15 minutes.", "id": "high8547.txt"}