{"answers": ["D", "B", "D", "B"], "options": [["at first wished to build a canal through Nicaragua", "promised to pay Columbia $ 10 million for Panama", "wished to build a canal through Panama", "supported Panamanian revolutionaries in their fight for independence from Columbia."], ["wanted to build a canal because it was considered starting a war", "felt that building a canal through Panama was worth the risk of ruining relations with Columbia", "believed that a canal through Nicaragua would be profitable", "had lost the Spanish-American War"], ["develop trade relations with Europe", "improve relations with South American countries", "prevent European ships from reaching the Pacific Ocean", "reduce travel time for its ships in case of war"], ["advice", "information", "humor", "News"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, the United States and Columbia were on bad terms because the United States had   _  .", "From the information in the passage, it can be concluded that the United States   _  .", "It can be inferred from the passage that an important reason for the decision of the United States to build a canal was to   _  .", "The passage mainly gives us  _  ."], "article": "Relation between the United States and Columbia suffered for many years because of an incident involving the Republic of Panama. By the end of the Spanish-American War in 1898, many Americans felt that an easier and faster way was needed to get ships from the Atlantic Ocean to the Pacific Ocean. Some people in the United States first believed that a canal across Nicaragua was the answer. However, President Theodore Roosevelt decided that a canal through Panama would be a better choice.\nIn order to build the canal , the United States had to negotiate   a treaty with Columbia , which at that time controlled Panama . Roosevelt offered Columbia $ 10 million plus $ 250,000 a year for 99 years for a six-mile-wide strip of land across Panama. Columbia rejected the United States' offer. This ranged President Roosevelt, and negotiations with Columbia ended.\nIn 1903, a revolution broke out in Panama. The United States ships were sent by President Roosevelt to protect the Panamanian revolutionaries from Columbian forces. The revolution succeeded, and Panama declared its independence from Columbia. The United States then negotiated with the newly formed government. A treaty was signed, and the United States began building the canal.\nAs a result of the incident, Columbia and the United States remained on bad terms for many years. Not until 1921, when the United States agreed to pay Columbia some compensation   for its territory, did relations between the two countries improve.", "id": "high8574.txt"}