{"answers": ["D", "A", "A", "B"], "options": [["Playing in a 2-person team.", "Playing in a 4-person team.", "Playing in a 6-person team.", "Playing in an 11-person team."], ["Because it is not easy to move on sand.", "Because beach volleyball has a larger court.", "Because the teams of beach volleyball are larger.", "Because beach volleyball players are not experienced."], ["It's a difficult sport.", "It's not an exciting sport.", "It's a sport which only a few people love.", "It's a sport which needs few skills."], ["the game of beach volleyball", "how to become a good beach volleyball player", "why beach volleyball is one of the exciting sports", "what should be paid attention to when playing beach volleyball"]], "questions": ["When playing beach volleyball, in which of the following situation will you feel most relaxed?", "Why is playing beach volleyball much slower than playing regular volleyball?", "What does the author think of beach volleyball?", "The passage mainly tell us   _"], "article": "Beach volleyball  is one of those sports that can be an exciting game to play and watch. It's really easy, and all you need is sand, a net and a group of people, of any age or fitness level, who want to have fun.\nBeach volleyball can be played with as few as two people in each team, making a total of four people. However, if you are less skilled and experienced in the game, it will be easier to play with a larger team. The more players you have, the less ground each person will be responsible for covering and the more time they will have to recover between shots. If you only have a few players, each of you will get a lot of running for the ball after each volley  . If you are looking for a relaxing, fun, low-key experience, choose larger teams.\nBeach volleyball is similar to regular volleyball in its rules. However, even experienced volleyball players do not realize how much more difficult it is to run and jump on sand. Since it is harder to move quickly on sand than a hard surface, play will be much slower than regular volleyball on a court. When an athlete trains for beach volleyball, he will focus on building lower body strength as well as upper body strength. Strengthening his legs is extremely important. This improves the player's ability to move quickly and accurately on sand despite the resistance. The ability to jump high and land without injury is necessary for beach volleyball players.\nWhether you are in it for the competition, or just to have a great time with your friends, beach volleyball can be extremely exciting and fun. You may start out with friends and may soon fall in love with the sport.", "id": "high8584.txt"}