{"answers": ["A", "D"], "options": [["No pains, no gains.", "Knowledge is power.", "It's never too old to learn.", "Nothing is impossible for a willing heart."], ["Because they think exams are meaningless.", "Because preparing for exams takes up most of their time.", "Because there are too many exams at school.", "Because they don't have enough self-confidence."]], "questions": ["Which proverb can show the writer's attitude towards our studies?", "Why do some students hate exams according to the passage?"], "article": "How to prepare for exams? Well, it is a big question that you always ask yourself.\nThere is no short cut to success, which is the first thing you should remember. For this reason you have to study hard first of all. Besides, here are some tips for you.\nNever fear or hate exams and be confident. Some students study well but still may be afraid of exams and due to this reason they won't be able to get good marks. So leave all your fears behind and free your mind before starting your studies. You have to be confident and it is the most important thing for attaining victory.\nPrepare a good timetable. Prepare a timetable before starting your studies. This should include all subjects, but tough subjects can be given more time while easier ones less. And remember some time shall be spared for entertainment and also there should be enough break time between each subject.\nSelect a proper atmosphere for studying. No need to explain this point. Can anyone study well while watching TV? So select a place where you feel comfortable and can concentrate. And importantly it is better to study early in the morning when you will have quiet surroundings and you can concentrate more.\nMake notes while studying. This is a very important point. Make small notes while studying can help you remember all the points. It will work better if you use these notes for revision in the last one or two hours than you skip through pages of your textbook. It won't take much time to go through these notes.\nWrite well. As we all know, the first impression is the best impression. So your handwriting affects your marks. Try to write neatly. If it is not good enough, don't worry; if you present it in a good manner you can score more marks.", "id": "high8586.txt"}