{"answers": ["C", "B", "C"], "options": [["Parents", "Both parents and their children", "Young people", "Teachers"], ["ask for advice before they really start to do anything", "do things without thinking carefully ahead", "are very strict with themselves", "think in the same way as their parents do"], ["Because they want to make their parents angry .", "Because they try to get their parents into trouble .", "Because they want to try something new and look different from the older people .", "Because they know they are cleverer than the older people ."]], "questions": ["Whom is this text written for ?", "According to the text , young people usually   _   .", "Why do young people like to have clothes and music in their own way ?"], "article": "It is natural that young people are often uncomfortable when they are with their parents . They say their parents don't understand them .They often think that their parents are out of touch with modern ways , that they are too serious   -- too strict with their children and that they seldom give their children a free hand . It is true that parents often find it difficult to win their children's trust  and they often forget how they themselves felt when they were young .\nFor example , young people like to act _ without much thinking . It is one of their ways to show they have grown up and that they can face any difficult situation . However , older people worry more easily . Most of old people plan things ahead , at least in the back of their minds , and do not like their plans to be upset by something unexpected .\nWhen you want your parents to let you do something , you will have better success if you ask before you really start doing it .\nYoung people often make their parents angry with their choices in clothes and in music . But they do not want to cause any trouble ; it is just that they feel cut off from the older people's world , into which they have not yet been accepted . That's why young people want to make a new culture of their own . And if their parents do not like their music or hairstyle or clothes or their ways of speech , this will make the young people very happy .\nSometimes you are so proud of yourself that you do not want your parents to say \"yes\" to what you do . All you want is to be left alone and do what you like . It is natural enough , after being a child for so many years , when you were completely under your parents' control .\nIf you plan to control your life , you'd better win your parents over and try to get them to understand\nyou. If your parents see that you have a high sense of responsibility , they will certainly give you the right to do what you want to do .", "id": "high8594.txt"}