{"answers": ["B", "C", "C"], "options": [["The grades in middle school are not important", "All the classes don't allow the students to get credits in high school in some countries", "A teenager may hear things about high school from their teachers", "What a teen does with his freedom in high school has nothing to do with his college life."], ["His choice in middle school", "His unforgettable experience in high school", "His grades in high school", "His college credits in high school"], ["The teens don't always have a problem with peer pressure", "If a teen makes good choices in his high school , he will surely succeed in later life", "The life in high school is less difficult than it looks", "A teen needn't be worried about his high school life because everything will be exactly the same as before."]], "questions": ["According to the passage , which of the following is right ?", "What will be considered when a college decides whether to accept a student's application or not ?", "The passage suggests that   _  ."], "article": "A teenager who is preparing to go to high school has probably heard all kinds of different things about high school freshmen from his parents , fiends , or old brothers and sisters. The change from middle school to high school can seem like a frightening experience for teens going into high school , but it is not always so hard as it may seem. Usually , middle school students can get used to high school life within a few months of their freshman year. A few tips for high school freshmen are as follows.\nGrades are important . While it is important for a student to try to do his best in school , the grades that he gets in high school are even more important , since they are what colleges will look like when considering his application  for their school .\nClasses . The classes a freshman takes throughout his whole high school can help them a lot when he gets ready to go to college or look for a job . Some special classes allow students to get college credits while they are still in high school in some countries . Most high school classes will have more homework than middle school classes and this can be a hard adjustment   at first .\nBeing prepared . Middle school classes might not request students to prepare very much before they attend them . But high school teachers will expect students to get everything ready before the class begins .It is also important for students to study for tests and do all homework that is required during class.\nMaking good choices. Most high school students have more freedom than middle school students, but what a student does with this freedom is very important to his future life for many years after high school is over. Peer pressure , while it can be good sometimes, is often a problem with younger teens .It is important for a teen to make good choices throughout his high school career so that he can be successful later on in his life .\nHigh school is a memorable experience for teenagers .They should not be afraid of becoming a freshmen . After studying for a period of time , they will surely enjoy it.", "id": "high8597.txt"}