{"answers": ["B", "B", "A", "A"], "options": [["stands for energy", "is good for health", "is popular with young people", "makes the wearer be taken seriously"], ["reliable", "creative", "powerful", "communicative"], ["Blue", "Green", "Orange", "Yellow"], ["Color's important effects on our life", "Why patients benefit a lot from colors.", "People's preference for different colors", "How to wear clothes on different occasions."]], "questions": ["Turquoise is a color that   _  .", "Purple is used by a company to suggest it's  _  .", "Which of the following colors may be good for finding a job?", "What is the text mainly about?"], "article": "You might think that whether you choose a blue shirt or a yellow one to wear to work or college makes no difference to your day and those around you. However, an increasing number of experts argue that the colors we choose affect our mood  , our career and even our health. Color affects us to a greater degree than most of us realize.\nColor is used increasingly by doctors for influencing mood and state of mind, and for various types of medical treatment. Green is a good color if you are not feeling well, and possibly this is why we sometimes give flowers and plants to friends and relatives in hospital. It is also thought that turquoise , a \"user-friendly\" color, can treat stress and headaches.\nCompanies use color to encourage us to buy their products. For example, purple, which mixes well with red, is used to show that a company has new ideas and the power to make them happen. Orange and blue are also recommended colors for companies to use, because orange is the color of communication and blue suggests safety. So this could be a particularly good combination. Companies have found that certain colors \"speak\" to specific age groups. They often use red to attract younger people to their products, for example, as it is lively and more youthful than colors like gold and navy , which older customers seem to prefer.\nWearing different colors can affect how you feel and how others react to you, so it is important to consider this when deciding what to wear in the morning. If you want people to take you seriously, then wearing navy or black is good. Blue would also be helpful for an interview or oral examination because it relaxes you and makes you feel calm. Red gets you noticed by everyone and makes you feel energetic, but be careful, as it can raise your pulse rate and not everyone wants this effect.\nSo think carefully before you leave the house or visit a friend with a gift. The colors you choose in both cases are a powerful tool. Are you making the right impression-- on yourself and on others?", "id": "high8598.txt"}