{"answers": ["B", "D"], "options": [["The first boxing champion was James Figg from Scotland.", "Jack Broughton created a kind of gloves with paddling for boxers.", "The coaches evaluate each fighter and give the fighter scores.", "In 1719 the rules for boxing games were put forward."], ["Regulations for Boxing Game.", "Three Ways to Win Boxing Game.", "The First Boxing Champion", "The Story Behind Boxing"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is TRUE according to the text?", "Which of the following might be the best title for the text?"], "article": "Boxing games are truly widely supported by a lot of people over the world . The sport involves two people fighting with each other inside a ring with a referee making sure that the fight goes on smoothly. The fighters have to be of the same weight to be able to fight and they make use of their fists according to the rules of competition.\nThere are three ways in winning the game. First, you have to knock out the challenger. Secondly, there is the technical knockout  . This usually happens when the rival is seriously hurt and unable to carry on and defend himself. Thirdly, each boxer gets on with the fight until the last round is over and done with and the winner is judged according to the scores he gets.\nThe first boxing champion was James Figg who came from England. It was in 1719 that the word \"boxing\" was known. The sport then was completely different from what you are used to seeing and observing nowadays. In 1743 Jack Broughton, a boxing title holder, was responsible for coming up with the rules and regulations to make the fight more manageable.\nUnder these rules, a boxer who falls and does not fight after 30 seconds has elapsed is declared the loser and any fighter is prevented from hitting his opponent when he is already down. Broughton was also the one who created the mufflers -- a kind of gloves with padding which were used during presentations and training.\nToday, the sport has a total of 12 rounds with three minutes playing time for each round. Boxers are given a minute for them to rest or for consultation with their respective coaches. A referee has the responsibility of making sure that the boxers carry on with the fight according to the rules of the sport. The judges have the task of evaluating each fighter and give the fighter scores according to their punches .", "id": "high860.txt"}