{"answers": ["B", "D", "C"], "options": [["they want to see historic remains", "they wish to escape from cold, dark and rainy days", "they would like to take pictures in front of famous places", "they are interested in different cultural and social customs"], ["Italy.", "Greece", "France.", "Spain."], ["Polluted water.", "Crowded buses.", "Rainy weather.", "Traffic jams."]], "questions": ["The writer seems to imply  that Europeans travel mostly for the reason that   _  .", "According to the passage, which of the following countries attracts more tourists than the others?", "According to the passage, which of the following might ruin the tourists' fun at Mediterranean resorts and beaches?"], "article": "People travel for a lot of reasons. Some tourists go to see battlefields or other historic remains . Others are looking for culture, or simply want to have their pictures taken in front of famous places. Most European tourists are looking for a sunny beach to lie on.\nNorthern Europeans are willing to pay a lot of money for the sun because they have so little of it. People of cities like London, Copenhagen and Amsterdam spend much of their winter in the dark because the days are so short, and much of the rest of the year are in the rain. This is the reason why the Mediterranean has always attracted them. Every summer many people travel to Mediterranean resorts  and beaches for their vacation. They all come for the same reason: sun!\nThe huge crowds mean lots of money for the economics of Mediterranean countries. Italy's 30, 000 hotels are booked without a break every summer. And 13 million people camp out on French beaches, parks, and roadsides. Spain's long sandy coastline attracts more people than anywhere else. 37 million tourists visit there yearly, or _ \nBut there are signs that the area is getting more tourism than it can deal with. The Mediterranean is already one of the most polluted seas on earth. None of these, however, is ruining anyone's fun. Obviously, they don't go there for clean water. They allow traffic jams and seem to like crowded beaches. They don't even mind the pollution. No matter how dirty the water is, the coastline still looks beautiful. And as long as the sun shines, it's still better than sitting in the cold, rainy in Berlin, London, or Oslo.", "id": "high8606.txt"}