{"answers": ["D", "A", "B"], "options": [["what we learn from failure is more powerful", "what we learn from success does no good to us", "the knowledge gained from failure is important for a company", "the knowledge gained from failure lasts longer"], ["The insulating material problem in 2002 didn't arouse enough attention", "There were no astronauts on Columbia", "In spite of the problem, Atlantis was considered a success", "Columbia exploded during its launch time"], ["Only organizations can learn from mistakes", "We can also learn from failures that have been avoided.", "Lessons from the shuttle flights are more important.", "Leaders often lack an open mind and seldom share information."]], "questions": ["What we get from failure differs from that from success in that  _  .", "From the passage, we can infer that  _  .", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?"], "article": "No one likes to make mistakes. But a new study says organizations learn more from their failures than from their successes, and keep that knowledge longer.\nOne of the researchers was Vinit Desai, an assistant professor at the University of Colorado Denver Business School. He worked with Peter Madsen from the Marriott School of Management at Brigham Young University in Utah.\nThey did not find much long-term \"organizational learning\" from success. It is possible, they say. But Professor Desai says they found that knowledge gained from failure lasts for years. He says organizations should treat failures as a learning opportunity and not try to ignore them.\nThe study looked at companies and organizations that launch satellites--and other space vehicles. Professor Desai compared two shuttle flights.\nIn two thousand two, a piece of insulating  material broke off during launch and damaged a rocket on the Atlantis. Still, the flight was considered a success.\nThen, in early two thousand three, a piece of insulation struck the Columbia during launch. This time, the shuttle broke apart on re-entry and the seven crew members died. NASA officials suspended all flights and an investigation led to suggested changes.\nProfessor Desai says the search for solutions after a failure can make leaders more open-minded. He points to airlines as an example of an industry that has learned from failures in the past.\nHe advises organizations to look for useful information in small failures and failures they avoided. He also urges leaders to encourage the open sharing of information. The study appeared in the Academy of Management Journal.\nThe mistakes we learn from do not have to be our own. We recently asked people on our Facebook page to tell us a time they had done something really silly.\nFabricio Cmino wrote: Not long ago I wanted to watch TV, but it wouldn't turn on, so I did everything I could to start it. Thirty minutes later my mum showed up and, passing by, said to me \"Did you try plugging it'? I'm just dusting, Mum!\"So she wouldn't notice how dumb I am sometimes!\nBruno Kanieski da Silva told about a time he looked everywhere for his key. It was in hispocket. He wrote: I always promise I will never do it again, but after-a few weeks,where is mywallet? For sure it will be in a very logical place.", "id": "high8610.txt"}