{"answers": ["C", "B"], "options": [["got on very well at the universities", "was very good at basketball, baseball and football", "was a very successful politician like his father", "did everything as his father had done"], ["He once studied at a university that his father and grandfather had also attended.", "Young Bush lived with his family in Texas from 1948 to 1961.", "He once ruled over an American state before he entered the White House.", "He once served at the Air National Guard for about five years."]], "questions": ["We may learn from the text that young Bush   _  .", "Which of the following is NOT true about George W. Bush?"], "article": "When he took office, George W. Bush, son of former president George Herbert Walker Bush, became the first son to follow his father into the White House since John Quiney Adams followed John Adams in the early 19th century.\nBush was born on July 6, 1946, in New Haven, Connecticut, the first child of George Herbert Walker Bush and Barbara Pierce Bush. Although George Herbert Walker Bush began his career in the oil industry, he finally served as a congressman , and vice  president and president of the United States.\nAt the age of two, Bush moved with his parents from Connecticut to Odessa, Texas, where his father took up the oil business. After a year in Texas, the family moved to California for business reasons. A year later, the family returned to Texas and settled in Midland, where Bush lived from 1950 to 1959.\nIn 1959, again for business reasons, the family moved to Houston, Texas. In 1961 Bush left Texas and went to Andover, Massachusetts, to attend Phillips Academy, aboarding school  that his father had also attended.\nAt Phillips, Bush played basketball, baseball, and football. He was best known for being head cheerleader. In 1964 he enrolled at Yale University in Connecticut.His father and grandfather had also attended Yale. At Yale, Bush was considered an average student, but he was popular with his classmates.\nBush graduated from Yale with a bachelor's degree in history in 1968. Then he joined the Air National Guard and remained in the Guard until 1973. After earning his MBA from Harvard in 1975, Bush returned to Midland. Like his father, he first entered the oil industry as a \"landsman \". However, Bush's oil companies never enjoyed great success. He took more interest in politics. He helped his father to become president and in 1994 he himself was elected governor of Texas.\nIn the summer of 1999, Bush began to run for the president of the USA and on January 20, 2001, George W. Bush, hand raised, took the oath  of office to become the 43rd president of the US.", "id": "high8622.txt"}