{"answers": ["A", "D", "D"], "options": [["Editorials and opinion columns.", "News stories.", "Some of the informative articles.", "Jokes and humor."], ["There's no time limit for their report articles.", "They have no right to influence the readers' opinions.", "A newspaper can come out with just a journalist working individually.", "Journalists must submit their articles before the due date."], ["Good reviews are excellent introduction to books.", "Readers especially favor books with good reviews.", "Good reviews can make readers feel relaxed and comfortable.", "Good reviews can bring a large circulation of the books reviewed."]], "questions": ["What articles comment on controversial issues?", "Which is true about the journalists in Western countries?", "Why are good reviews important to books?"], "article": "The role of a newspaper is to present and comment on the news. It is vital for keeping people well-informed on current affairs. In most Western countries, journalists try to shape the ideas and opinions of their readers, since in Western countries all newspapers are independent of the government. Some newspaper owners support liberal ideas including economic policies that help poor people. Other owners want policies such as lower taxes for rich people and less money to be given to poor people. You can almost judge the political ideas of a person in the West by looking at the newspaper he reads.\nAll newspapers report national and international news. They give the facts but also provide opinions on controversial issues in the editorials and columns of opinion. The readers of the newspaper can also comment on these editorials or articles. There are many informative articles too as well as reviews of new films and books, etc. These are very important, for if a film or book gets good reviews it will often become more successful.\nAll these articles require many journalists who are experts in different areas of life. All these articles come together and are checked by the chief editor of the newspaper. When he or she has made a decision on the articles, the newspaper is prepared for printing. All this work means that the journalists must work together as a team because there is a lot of pressure when you work in a newspaper office. There are constant deadlines and articles have to be fitted round advertisements, photographs and much, much more.", "id": "high8628.txt"}