{"answers": ["A", "C", "A"], "options": [["School students.", "Bird lovers.", "Driving learners.", "Trouble makers."], ["At Weirs Beach.", "In your lakeside cottage.", "At Coney's Flume Park.", "At Dry River Campground."], ["A tour introduction.", "A travel diary.", "An announcement.", "An official report."]], "questions": ["Who is this passage mainly intended for?", "Where can you enjoy riding on logs?", "What type of writing is this text?"], "article": "To begin your expedition of wonder, get yourself a driver's license at your local department of motor vehicles, then rent a car and take off for New Hampshire's Crawford Notch State Park. This beautiful park is abundant in wildlife, natural vegetation and running rivers falling from high cliffs. It is a place of spectacular mountain views, hiking trails, waterfalls and fishing locations. All you need to do is jump in your rented car or SUV and head for the sunset!\nOkay, so you've just finished those crazy summer final exams and you're exhausted from all of the stress. That's okay because New Hampshire's State Park also offers a perfect way to recover at Coney's Flume Park where visitors can ride all the rapids in a hollowed out log, eat hotdogs and play on the amusement tides.  Good times will be had no matter what your preference at Dry River Campground, which offers wood cabins, showers, electricity, flush toilets, laundry and fire rings. It's like a home away from home, so gather your camping gear and head for the journey!\nLake Winnipesaukee\nIf you're stuck on figuring out how to access your own wheels, how about finding a bus to take you to Weirs Beach? There are fall leaves tours running in the fall through the end of October. Let the captain do the driving while you enjoy the colors along the shoreline and the mountainsides.\nIf you can't find some peace of mind from those nasty final exams while relaxing in your lakeside cottage, take a cruise and go fishing, go bird sightseeing, or just kick back in a rented boat and let the coo of the birds wash your troubles away.\nNo matter where you go in New Hampshire, you'll meet the most friendly people you can imagine. Do dive into that rental car or SUV, take off for a vacation to New Hampshire and treat yourself to one of America's most beautiful states. Enjoy!", "id": "high8638.txt"}