{"answers": ["C", "D", "A"], "options": [["Because of his reputation for generosity.", "Because he died in Italy.", "Because of the deed of the Italian sailors.", "Because of his devotion to Italian children."], ["Celebrating Christ's birthday.", "Giving thanks to churches.", "Marking a holiday.", "Honoring St. Nicholas."], ["Generous, devoted and honored.", "Dedicated, kind and alive.", "Well-known, traditional and lovely.", "Popular, famous and creative."]], "questions": ["Why, as is believed, is Santa Claus so popular in Europe?", "What was the Feast of St. Nicholas held for?", "Which of the following can best describe Santa Claus?"], "article": "Many Christmas customs are based on the birth of Christ, such as giving presents because of the Wise Men, who brought presents to the baby Jesus Singing Christmas carols is based on the scene of the birth with figures of shepherds, the Wise Men and animals surrounding the baby Jesus.\nThe origin of Santa Claus begins in the 4th century with St. Nicholas, Bishop of Myra, an area in the present-day Turkey. By all accounts St. Nicholas was a generous man, particularly devoted to children. After his death around 340 A. D. he was buried in Myra, but in 1087 Italian sailors were believed to steal his remains and removed them to Italy, greatly increasing St. Nicholas' popularity throughout Europe.\nHis kindness and reputation for generosity gave rise to claims that he could perform miracles and devotion to him increased. St. Nicholas became the patron saint of Russia, where he was known by his red cap, flowing white beard, and bishop's mitre. In Greece, he was the patron saint of sailors; in France, he was the patron of lawyers, and in Belgium, the patron of children and travelers. Thousands of churches across Europe were dedicated to him and sometime around the 12th century an official holiday was created in his honor. The Feast of St. Nicholas was celebrated on December 6 and the day was marked by gift-giving and charity.\nAfter the Reformation, European followers of St. Nicholas declined, but the legend was kept alive in Holland where the Dutch spelling of his name Sint Nikolass was eventually transformed to _ . Dutch children would leave their wooden shoes by the fireplace, and Sinterklaas would reward good children by placing treats in their shoes. Dutch colonists brought this tradition with them to America in the 17th century and here the English name of Santa Claus appeared.", "id": "high8641.txt"}