{"answers": ["C", "A", "B", "D"], "options": [["normal", "painful", "unusual", "successful"], ["By car", "By taxi", "By bike", "By plane"], ["her parents didn't allow her to keep them", "there was not enough room to keep them", "she had other similar things", "they were out of style"], ["Getting along with my family", "Looking out of my window", "My new moving home", "My life on the road"]], "questions": ["Compared with the seventh-grade school year, Grace's sixth-grade year was   _", "How did Grace and her family travel in Europe?", "Grace had to throw away many of her things because  _", "Which one of the following phrases can best describe the whole passage?"], "article": "I'm Grace, 13 years old and in seventh grade in Florida. This school year has been normal. However, my family and I spent my sixth-grade year driving all over Europe, seeing amazing places, meeting all kinds of people, and getting closer as a family in the process.\nWhen my family decided to move to Europe, we were excited . But we had a problem. We couldn't find a vehicle that had enough space to work for our five-member family, so my dad decided he'd just made one. No matter where we were , our new home took some getting used to  . I had to leave a lot of my stuff behind because so little of it would fit into my tiny new room. We had to be careful to save our water. And we were doing home school, which worked out great.\nNo matter what, I made sure to look out my window every morning , because the view was different every day -- England, then France, Italy,Greece... each special in its own way. In country after country, we touched around and tried to pick up little bits of the local language, but that didn't help us much. Luckily we kept finding people who knew some English. Everywhere we went , we saw the most amazing things. I love reading about places in my textbooks and then getting out of our vehicle to look right at them . I can't pick a favourite spot, because whichever one we were at seemed to be the best at the time.\nAfter our trip ended , we moved to Florida. But it makes me happy that my family had this great year-long experience together. I'm thankful for that.", "id": "high8650.txt"}