{"answers": ["D", "B", "B", "A"], "options": [["More people prefer to travel on public transportation which costs less than driving cars.", "People return to the traditional exercise of walking, which helps them to look healthier.", "People shop in nearby stores without having to drive, so small businesses are increasing.", "The auto industry has been forced to develop new models which are more expensive."], ["Family life has improved a lot.", "Children and parents make acquaintances with more people than before.", "Families now stay at home more to have fun.", "Families develop all kinds of hobbies."], ["Objective", "Supportive", "Ambiguous", "Indifferent"], ["This passage mainly shows the chain reactions of the rising gas price", "This passage mainly discusses whether it's necessary to work on new fuels", "This passage mainly warns people not to use too much gasoline", "This passage mainly pictures what life will be like if gas runs out"]], "questions": ["The following sentences are the results of the gas price rising EXCEPT  _  .", "Which is NOT the effect the rising oil price have on families ?", "What's the writer's opinion to these adjustment?", "What is the main idea of this passage?"], "article": "In recent years, the price of gas has been rising sharply, and people have made many adjustments.\nThere was, for a time, considerable unemployment in the auto industry, and three quarters of the garages and service stations have gone out of business. However; the bicycle and motor-scooter business has flourished ; and many people have found employment there: Now that Federal Motors has brought out its new Lilliput, which travels forty miles on a gallon, the auto business is picking up again. The factories that haven't switched over to two-wheel transportation are working on their new smaller models. There is talk, too, about bringing out new steam and electric automobiles that will be just as economical as the old cars.\nIn the meantime, streetcars are gradually replacing buses all over the country because of the greater economy of electric power. And many people who have seldom used public transportation are now riding the streetcars while their automobiles rust in their garages. There's no market at all for their big, luxurious cars, for only the wealthy can now afford to operate them. Many people are now shopping in their own neighborhood, and small businesses are thriving.\nMinisters, educators, and editorial writers are pointing out that there has been a great improvement in family life. Families now stay at home more for their fun, and children and parents are becoming better acquainted. The stores report a booming business in parlor games, hobby materials, books, musical instruments and albums.\nPeople have lost their pale indoor look. The revival of the lost art of walking has brought a healthy pink back to many a cheek. This return to the heels has revolutionized the clothing styles; people now need to be ready for all kinds of weather:\nThese conditions, however, may not last. Already our clever chemists are at work on new synthetic fuels which, they say, will put us right back where we wereon wheels. Shall we wish them success or not?", "id": "high8657.txt"}