{"answers": ["C", "B", "D", "B"], "options": [["tried their best to make her live until then", "thought it was a wonder that she could live to three", "thought that she couldn't live long", "believe that she could survive"], ["help the cancer patient to recover", "encourage the patients to fight cancer bravely", "help the doctors and nurses as a reward", "entertain the cancer patients"], ["she is still not strong enough to do much work.", "she is learning medicine at a college.", "she still can't do without medicine.", "she is fully recovered."], ["his experience as a free writer.", "a special person who influenced his life.", "there is a cure for Wilms Tumor.", "how Lynn Taylor fought against cancer."]], "questions": ["When Lynn Taylor was diagnosed with cancer, the doctors   _  .", "Lynn is working as a cancer hospital volunteer mainly to   _  .", "What can we learn about Lynn's condition now?", "The purpose of the writer is to tell us   _  ."], "article": "In my twenty-six years as a free writer, I have worked for newspapers, magazines and the Internet sites.\nI have reviewed the famous people, and criticized the political characters. Yet along my journalistic journey there have been several interviews that remain deeply in my memory. For not only did the characters of those specific people impress me, they actually influenced my life.\nLynn R. Taylor is such a special person.\nBorn in Buffalo, New York, on May 2, 1962, Lynn Taylor was just like all the other kids in her neighborhood. At the age of three she was diagnosed with Wilms Tumor, a cancer of the kidneys. Given a \"no-chance\" prediction, doctors completely removed one of Lynn's kidneys and part of another. They then predicted that if she survived to the age of five, she might possibly make ten.\nIn the decade that followed, Lynn Taylor met and surpassed all medical experts' gloom-and-doom predictions. At the age of fourteen she was in full remission , and by seventeen, she was considered cured. Yet in this case, Lynn's medical history was far from closed.\nOver the next twenty-three years, Lynn earned her undergraduate degree and master's degree in economics. Then she was awarded a scholarship to study at the University of Sussex in England. There she was invited to teach and earned her second master's degree. Upon returning to Buffalo, the successful young woman engaged in a variety of high level jobs, including head of Multicultural Affairs at a local college.\nRecently Lynn has added a new activity to her schedule----that of a cancer hospital volunteer. It is her wish to provide living proof for patients that cancer is not necessarily a death sentence but rather, as she has proved, something to overcome.", "id": "high8671.txt"}