{"answers": ["C", "A", "B"], "options": [["Adults with basic literacy and computer skills.", "Adults who are drunk.", "Adults without computer skills.", "Adults without a driver's license."], ["Artificial intelligence.", "Global positioning systems.", "The people inside.", "Car insurance."], ["Car safety.", "Driverless cars.", "The future cars.", "New technology in cars."]], "questions": ["Who will not be able to use driverless cars?", "What will prevent the driverless car from crashing?", "Which of the following may be the best title of the passage?"], "article": "Will there be a time in our lives when cars don't crash? When we can just sit back and relax and our cars will drive themselves. Auto technology experts say \"yes\". And they say that some of those advances may happen quicker than you might think.\nThey will require the users to input the name of the destination or the complete address of the location that they want to go and the cars' artificial intelligence takes them there automatically without a driver. They will run on solar power in the daytime and ethanol fuel   at night. Toyota, BMW and Honda will completely control the trade of driverless car business together and will have the cheapest driverless cars. Fossil fuels will be completely incompatible   with these cars.\nDriverless cars will not require a driver's license of any grade to operate. Anyone with basic literacy and computer skills who are at least 16 years of age will be legally allowed to operate the vehicle with absolutely no restrictions. This would give the young users permission to operate the driverless cars on major highways as well as secondary roads without needing a separate classification. In addition to all this, drunken people will be able to use their own automobiles to return home because they are not \"driving\" the vehicle.\nWhat's more, car insurance will become _ because there will be no more automobile accidents after the year 2025. This is because the driverless car will have all safety methods in place by the car's artificial intelligence to prevent automobile accidents. Global positioning systems will become mandatory   in all newly-manufactured cars after 2010, and will be the most important part in the driverless car.", "id": "high8679.txt"}