{"answers": ["B", "D", "C"], "options": [["Chad had mental problems in his childhood", "Chad became famous for The Art of Fielding", "more and more readers like Chad's book", "The Art of Fielding is only about the story of baseball."], ["it took its author about 10 years to finish the book", "it is about the lives of three college students", "Mitchell in the story struggles with religious belief", "its author's character is similar to Madeleine's"], ["People's reading preference.", "Three famous writers.", "The introduction of three well reviewed books.", "The common features of interesting books."]], "questions": ["It can be inferred that   _  .", "The following statements about The Marriage Plot are true except that   _  .", "What is the passage mainly about?"], "article": "Hundreds of great books are published in America every year. And every year, editors, critics and other readers try to choose a list of favorites.\nA few books showed up on list after list of the best fiction from this year. One of them was Ann Patchett's State of Wonder. Publishers Weekly described the novel as one \" _ .\" The story centers on a drug researcher from Minnesota named Maria Singh. She travels to Brazil to investigate the death of a co-worker. Her search takes her deep into the Amazon area and danger. But she also goes deep into her own soul for a close look at who she is, what she has lost in her life and how she wants the future to look. Ann Patchett lives in Tennesee. She told Publishers Weekly magazine that the state is dense and leafy, like the Amazon jungle. She visited that area while doing research for the novel.\nChad Harbach's name was also all over the critics' best lists this year for his first book, The Art of Fielding. The New Yorker magazine praised the novel for the easy way it joins a love of baseball with a love of literature. The book is about a college baseball star. He suffers a mental crisis and begins to fail on the playing field as a result. But the book is about much more than the sport of baseball. It also is a story of love, loss, friendship and growing up. Chad Harbach says his own upbringing influenced the book.\nThe Marriage Plot also got a lot of attention this year. It is the third book from Pulitzer Prize winner Jeffrey Eugenides. He spent almost ten years writing it. The Marriage Plot is also a story about becoming an adult. It follows the lives of three students in their final year of college and beyond. Leonard struggles with manic depression, Mitchell, with religious belief and Madeleine struggles with her feelings for both men.", "id": "high8680.txt"}