{"answers": ["D"], "options": [["earn more money", "do her job for the United Nations", "celebrate an art festival", "make paper cutting well-known"]], "questions": ["Ms Woo held a paper cutting show at a shopping center to   _  ."], "article": "The Chinese art of paper cutting has a long history. The United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization has recognized the art, called Jianzhi, on its Intangible Cultural Heritage List . But Jianzhi is at risk of disappearing. Voyo Woo, a Chinese immigrant  to the US, hopes to bring the art back to life.\nVoyo Woo loves paper cutting. And she works hard to celebrate the ancient art form. On a recent Saturday, Ms. Woo held a paper cutting show at a shopping center near Washington. She demonstrated the art for hours to crowds at the center.\nVoyo Woo began to study the art of Jianzhi as a 14-year-old in her hometown in southeastern China. She says all the students at school had to learn the art. But she says she discovered a special love for it. So, her teacher gave her extra training after class. Later, she won second prize in a national painting and calligraphy competition. Ms. Woo came to the U.S. after she finished college in 2008. Soon after, she became involved in an event to support and expand understanding of Chinese paper cutting. She has been invited to demonstrate the art at a wide collection of events. She also has shown her skill at famous museums like the Smithsonian Institution's Freer and Sackler art galleries in Washington. Ms. Woo says paper cutting represents Chinese cultural values, history and stories of people's lives. She uses the art as a tool to present Chinese culture to people who know little about it.\nMs. Woo placed examples of her art around her as she demonstrated paper cutting at the shopping center. Some shoppers, like Ann Russ, took part in a workshop. Ms. Russ was struck by the finely detailed nature of the work. She said it put her at ease. Voyo Woo says Chinese art is for all people. \"It is amazing how Chinese art can resonate, can echo with people from other cultural backgrounds.\"", "id": "high8681.txt"}