{"answers": ["D", "A", "C", "B"], "options": [["they are similar to humans in dealing with colors", "they are easy to observe and study", "they are sensitive to colors like human beings", "they are active at night and sleep during the day"], ["They drink less sugary water.", "They don't sleep well.", "Their eyesight becomes worse.", "Their energy level becomes low."], ["Dim light", "Red light", "Blue light", "Darkness"], ["Not being exposed to dim red light when using computers.", "Equipping their computer screens to put it more in the reddish light.", "Living or working in low levels of light overnight.", "Going to see doctors of clinical depression regularly for help."]], "questions": ["Researchers use hamsters in the experiment because   _  .", "What sign shows that the hamsters are being depressed?", "_   tends to cause hamsters to be depressed.", "What can help people who work late at night to avoid being depressed?"], "article": "Some colors people see late at night could cause signs of clinical  depression . That was the finding of a study that builds on earlier study findings. They show that individuals  who live or work in low levels of light overnight  can develop clinical depression. Doctors use the word \"clinical depression\" to describe severe form of depression. Signs may include loss of interest or pleasure in most activities, low energy levels and thoughts of death or suicide.\nIn the new study, American investigators designed an experiment that exposed hamsters  to different colors. The researchers chose hamsters because they are nocturnal, which means they sleep during the day and are active at night.\nThe animals were separated into four groups. One group of hamsters was kept in the dark during their night-time period. Another group was placed in front of a blue light, a third group slept in front of a white light, while a fourth was put in front of a red light.\nAfter four weeks, the researchers noted how much sugary water the hamsters drank. They found that the most depressed animals drank the least amount of water.\nRandy Nelson heads the Department of Neuroscience at Ohio State University. He says animals that slept in blue and white light appeared to be the most depressed. \"What we saw is that these animals didn't show any sleep uneasiness  at all but they did mess up biological clock genes and they did show depressive sign while if they were in the dim  red light, they did not.\"\nRandy Nelson notes that photosensitive  cells in the eyes have little to do with eyesight. He says these cells send signals to the area of the brain that controls what has been called the natural sleep-wake cycle.\nHe says there's a lot of blue in white light. This explains why the blue light and white light hamsters appear to be more depressed than the hamsters seeing red light or darkness.", "id": "high8683.txt"}