{"answers": ["A", "C", "B"], "options": [["What's a University Education worth in the UK?", "There is a lot of competition in the UK", "There won't be any University Place left for British students", "It doesn't cost students more and more to attend university"], ["University Education is really worth the money in England", "University Education is worth all over the world except in England", "British education is becoming more expensive for a majority of British students", "British students don't like to go to university"], ["The average British person didn't leave their parents' home until they are\n35 years old", "Having a degree doesn't get aBritish person a good job", "Students are graduating without larger and larger debts.", "things are easier for students from other countries coming to study\nin the UK without money"]], "questions": ["What's the best title of this passage?", "What's the following is true?", "We can infer from the passage   _"], "article": "In 2006, the UK government started to allow universities in England and Wales to charge British students tuition fees. More than 80 percent of students in England and Wales now take out a student loan in order to go to university. They use the loan    to pay for tuition fees, books and living expenses. Although the interest on student loans is quite low, it begins as soon as the student receives the loan. The average student in England and Wales now graduates from university with debts of around PS12,000. Students of medicine usually have debts of more than PS20,000. That is a lot of money. It means graduates cannot afford to buy a house for many years. They even struggle to pay rent on a flat, because they have to start paying back the student loan after graduating. If you start to earn over PS15,000 a year, the government takes repayments directly from your monthly salary. Is it any surprise, therefore, that the average British person does not leave their parents' home until they are 30 years old?\nYou might think that a British person with a degree will find it easy to get a well-paid job. However, most people in white-collar jobs seem to have a degree these days, so there is a lot of competition. Also, British companies tend to value work experience over a piece of paper. Like everyone else, graduates usually have to start at the bottom and work their way up. That can be very frustrating for them, since they are often over-qualified for the work they are doing. While at university, they have dreams of getting an exciting, challenging job. Therefore, life after university ends up being quite disappointing for a lot of graduates.\nAll of the above is beginning to make British people question whether a university degree is really worth the money.", "id": "high869.txt"}