{"answers": ["C", "C", "A", "B"], "options": [["from October 5 to 7", "from October 5 to 8", "from October 21 to 24", "from October 21 to 25"], ["spring", "Summer", "Autumn", "winter"], ["advertisement", "introduction", "report", "instruction"], ["In winter travelers can't swim in the sea.", "Bermuda is an island controlled by the UK.", "The two festivals fall on the same period of October.", "Bermuda's two major festivals in October are mainly for the British."]], "questions": ["The Culinary Arts Festival lasts   _  .", "The best time to travel to Bermuda is   _", "This text is most probably a(n)   _", "According to the text which of the following statements is true?"], "article": "The British coloney of Bermude is a top summertime escape. Yet, even through October, Bermuda isn't ready to stop for the winter. During this month, world-class festivals on teh island keep things lively and the weather remains comfortable enough for Bermuda shorts and bathing suits.\nIn October, Bermuda hosts two major festivals--the Bermuda Music Festival and the Bermuda Culinary Arts  Festival. The 10thanniversary Bermuda Music Festival begins October 5 and features three days of performances at the Royal Naval Dockyard on Bermuda's West End. Featured main stage performers include Joss Stone, Pattie Labelle, and Al Green, and a second stage spotlights local Bermudian artists. General admission tickets start at $60 for on e day  or $160 for a three-day pass.\nStarting October 21, the Culinary Arts Festival brings some of North America's top chefs to the island for four days of food and wine tastings, conferences and cooking competitions. Participating chefs include Todd English and Michael Lomonaco, among others. Three-day festival passes start at $649 per person, but you can also buy separate tickets for individual events.\nEven if you don't attend one of the festivals, there's still plenty to do. With mostly sunny days and temperatures averaging aroung 79 degrees, the weather is just right for participating in Bermuda's two favorite pastimes--golf and tennis. With fewer visitors on the island than during the summer, you may have an easier time getting the best times or a spot on the courts. It's also still warm enough to enjoy the island's pink sand beaches and go swimming, because the water keeps the summer's heat longer than the air. Of course, you can always shop in the city of Hamilton's upscale  small goods arts and crafts shops.", "id": "high8691.txt"}