{"answers": ["B", "A", "C", "B"], "options": [["Selling the dried sweet potato slices.", "The country's reform and opening-up policy.", "Escaping from his poor hometown.", "Working harder than any other classmates."], ["was as poor as many other families", "was richer than other average families", "didn't like the second-hand clothes", "never get the author's belly cooing"], ["The author has many dreams in his life.", "The author accepted his college education.", "there are more drop-outs in the author's village.", "The author realized all of his dreams by hard-working."], ["The author's dreams are different from other Chinese people's dreams.", "The Chinese dream is based on every Chinese individual's dreams.", "Only if the Chinese dream comes true, can the author's dreams come true.", "The author and his family live a happy life in the countryside."]], "questions": ["What is it that made the author's child dream come true?", "When the author was young, his family   _  .", "Which of the following statements about the author is WRONG?", "What can be inferred from the passage?"], "article": "I am a Chinese. I've always been making drams from time to time. Those dreams made by each average Chinese like me are certainly Chinese dreams. Dreams vary from person to person, an d also from time to time. But in a certain time, people share the similar dreams here I'd like to share my Chinese dreams with you.\nWhen I was a child in 1970s, poverty kept hovering   over my family, just as it did with other average families in the countryside. The unfit  second-hand clothes, rain leaking roof of old adobe  house became part of my memory. However, the worse impression is that I was feeling hungry all the time. Sometimes hunger bit me so severely that I regarded dried sweet potato slices as a delicious snack. The sharp cracks of chewing are still echoing   in my dream. At that time, my dram was getting enough to fill my cooing empty belly.\nIn the early years of 1980s, as the reform and opening-up policy was carried out, the child dream came true. And then another dream became clearer and clearer in my mind. I must try my best to escape out of my poor and backward hometown. I worked harder at my study than most of my classmates, and, after luckily succeeding in the national college entrance examination, my dream became reality again: after graduation, I became a citizen working in a city. As the first college graduate out of a remote   village, my success set an example for my folks. They came to realize that schooling is a good way to change one's fate . In the following years, there were less drop-outs and more college graduates in my village, of which I am proud even today.\nAfterwards, I got accustomed to the life of citizens and I began to dream the same things as other peers: a comfortable home, my own car and a big house. Based on my hard-work, more than ten years passed, all of these dreams have been fulfilled. Of course, new dreams will come true sooner or later only if my motherland keeps advancing with current(,)pace.\nMy Chinese dreams are also ones of other Chinese people. If every individual's dreams come true, the dream of the great rejuvenation  of the Chinese nation will be sure to come true. \"The Chinese dream, after all, is the dream of the people,\" as the Chairman Xi Jingping said.", "id": "high8694.txt"}