{"answers": ["B", "D", "C"], "options": [["By making comparisons.", "By giving an example.", "By making an analysis  .", "By showing the result of a survey."], ["Because of the mind of not wanting to be left out in a group.", "Because many students turn to online shops trying to buy rare items in China.", "Because it is convenient to buy online.", "Because the school hasn't taught them how to consume wisely."], ["The Risks of Shopping Online", "The Trend of Shopping Online", "Students Shop on Impulse", "Buying More Wisely"]], "questions": ["How does the passage introduce its topic?", "According to the passage, which of the following is NOT the reason why shopping online becomes a campus trend?", "What's the best title of the passage?"], "article": "At noon, Shi Huizi received a text message: \"This is Yuantong Express. Please come to the school gate and pick up your parcel.\" The 22-year-old girl at Beijing International Studies University rushed to the school gate, where hundreds of parcels lay waiting to be collected by their owners.\nThis scene is not uncommon on China's campuses, as shopping online has become an important part of their lifestyle for many university students. But convenient as it is, online shopping among students is marked by impulse  buying and other risks. Students should be cautious to avoid them.\nAccording to Taobao, during last year's graduation season, 250,000 graduate students from 116 \"211\" project universities nationwide spent 846 million yuan on Taobao. Beijing Haidian Consumers' Association conducted a survey on the online purchasing behavior of students, which showed that nearly 54 percent of respondents had made _ purchases.\nYang Yi is one of them. The 23-year-old business administration major at Beijing Wuzi University bought a limited edition Gundam model kit online for a small fortune, only to find that its appeal faded rapidly. \"I did like it when I bought it, but it doesn't look so attractive to me anymore now. So I've decided to sell it to pay off my debts,\" says Yang. Yang's experience reflects the consumption patterns   of many university students. In an attempt to be unique, many of them turn to online shops to buy \"exotic \" items not easily found in the domestic   market.\nAccording to Lei Li, a psychology professor at Renmin University, the impulsive buying patterns found among students have psychological roots. When shopping online is a campus trend, it's not only about convenience, but also about group identification . \"If everyone is doing something and you're not, you're less likely to be accepted by others,\" Lei says. The mentality  of not wanting to be left out is fuelling impulse buying.\nAs he Haidian survey indicates, online shopping is not always a satisfying experience. Of 848 respondents  from universities based in Beijing, 42 percent said they had received products that didn't match the online description or photos. Even so, 72.5 percent of student buyers don't return unsatisfactory goods due to the inconvenience it causes and long procedures.\nLei suggests that students who are enthusiastic about online shopping \"pay attention to the consequences and develop a wiser way of consuming--namely, buying items within their budget and being aware of the risks of buying online.\"", "id": "high8696.txt"}