{"answers": ["D", "D", "A", "C"], "options": [["To gain some experience", "To save for his future", "To support his family", "To pay for his schooling"], ["loading boxes in the freezing cold", "having limited time for breaks", "getting no pay for lunch time", "working and studying at the same time"], ["The writer's hard work in an apple plant.", "The writer's eagerness to earn money.", "The writer's experience to earn money.", "The writer's unhappy school life."], ["Topic--Argument--Explanation", "Opinion--Discussion--Description", "Introduction--Supporting examples--Conclusion", "Main idea--Comparison--Supporting examples"]], "questions": ["Why did the writer have to take many jobs at that time?", "The following facts describe the terrible working conditions of the plant EXCEPT   _  .", "What is the topic discussed in the text?", "How is the text organized?"], "article": "In the course of working my way through school, I took many jobs I would rather forget. But none of these jobs was as terrible as my job in an apple plant . The work was hard; the pay was poor; and, most of all, the working conditions were terrible.\nFirst of all, the job made huge demands on my strength. For ten hours a night, I took boxes that rolled down a metal track and piled them onto a truck. Each box contained twelve heavy bottles of apple juice. I once figured out that I was lifting an average of twelve tons of apple juice every night.\nI would not have minded the difficulty of the work so much if the pay had not been so poor. I was paid the lowest wage of that time--two dollars an hour. Because of the low pay, I felt eager to get as much as possible. I usually worked twelve hours a night but did not take home much more than $ 100 a week.\nBut even more than the low pay, what made me unhappy were the working conditions. During work I was limited to two ten-minute breaks and an unpaid half hour for lunch. Most of my time was spent outside loading trucks with those heavy boxes in near-zero-degree temperatures. The steel floors of the trucks were like ice, which made my feet feel like stone. And after the production line shut down at night and most people left, I had to spend two hours alone cleaning the floor.\nI stayed on the job for five months, all the while hating the difficulty of the work, the poor money, and the conditions under which I worked. By the time I left, I was determined never to go back there again.", "id": "high8702.txt"}