{"answers": ["D", "B", "A"], "options": [["became fond of reading after working as an editor", "was in charge of publishing 100 books", "promoted her books through social relations", "gained a lot from her career as an editor"], ["Jacqueline's two marriages lasted more than 20 years", "Jacqueline's views and beliefs were reflected in the books she edited", "Jacqueline's own publishing firm was set up eventually", "Jacqueline's achievements were widely known."], ["a brief account of Jacqueline's career as an editor in her last 20 years", "a brief description of Jacqueline's lifelong experiences", "an introduction of Jacqueline's life both as First Lady and as an editor", "an analysis of Jacqueline's social relations in publishing"]], "questions": ["We can learn from the passage that Jacqueline   _", "What can be inferred from the passage?", "The passage is mainly  _"], "article": "Jacqueline Bouvier Kennedy Onassis was one of the most private women in the world, yet when she went to work as an editor in the last two decades of her life, she revealed herself as she did nowhere else.\nAfter the death of her second husband, Greek shipping magnate Aristotle Onassis, Jacqueline's close friend and former White House social secretary Letitia Baldrige made a suggestion that she consider a career in publishing. After consideration, Jacqueline accepted it. Perhaps she hoped to find there some idea about how to live her own life. She became not less but more interested in reading. For the last 20 years of her life, Jacqueline worked as a publisher's editor, first at Viking, then at Doubleday, pursuing a late-life career longer than her two marriages combined. During her time in publishing, she was responsible for managing and editing more than 100 successfully marketed books. Among the first books were In the Russian Style and Inventive Paris Clothes. She also succeeded in persuading TV hosts Bill Moyer's and Jose Campbell to transform their popular television conversations into a book, The Power of Myth. The book went on to become an international best-seller. She dealt, too, with Michael Jackson as he prepared his autobiography , Moonwalk.\nJacqueline may have been hired for name and for her social relations, but she soon proved her worth. Her choices, suggestions and widespread social relations were of benefit both to the publishing firms and to Jacqueline herself. In the books she selected for publication, she built on a lifetime of spending time by herself as a reader and left a record of the growth of her mind. Her books are the autobiography she never wrote. _ the end, was overshadowed by her performance as an editor. However, few knew that she had achieved so much.", "id": "high8706.txt"}