{"answers": ["B", "D", "A", "C"], "options": [["The headquarters of the UN mission was totally destroyed.", "Some of the national palace had fallen to the ground.", "A hospital was partly ruined in Petionville.", "All the walls of the Hotel Oloffson had fallen."], ["All the hospitals in Haiti were destroyed in the earthquake.", "The earthquake was the worst in Haiti in less than two centuries.", "After dark the city fell into darkness because of the earthquake.", "Communication, electricity and transportation were all affected."], ["fires broke out in the capital city due to the earthquake", "Haiti covers the entire geographic plates of the earth", "the earthquake caused the southern fault zone to break", "a grand hotel was completely ruined in Petionville"], ["repair the Southern fault zone", "move to the seaside", "improve the quality of the buildings", "live in tin-roof buildings"]], "questions": ["What was the damage of the earthquake?", "Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the text?", "It can be learned from the text that   _  .", "In Haiti, one way to reduce losses in earthquakes is probably to   _  ."], "article": "A fierce earthquake struck HaitionJanuary 12, 2010, causing a crowded hospital to fall down and countless houses and buildings were destroyed.\nThe earthquake, the worst in the region in more than 200 years, with a magnitude estimated at 7.0, struck just before 5 p.m. about 10 miles southwest of Port-au-Prince, leaving the region nearly in ruins. As night fell in Port-au-Prince, Haiti's capital, fires burned near the shoreline downtown, but otherwise the city fell into darkness. The electricity was out, telephones were not working and relief workers struggled to make their way through blocked streets.\nIn this earthquake, it was not possible for officials to determine how many people had been killed and injured. It was reported that the headquarters of the United Nations mission was seriously damaged and many employees were missing. Part of the national palace had fallen to the ground. A hospital was totally ruined in Petionville, which is home to many diplomats  and wealthy Haitians. A New York reporter said that a wall at the front of the Hotel Oloffson had fallen, killing a passer-by. A number of nearby buildings was badly damaged, trapping people. People were screaming, calling for help from every corner.\nHaiti sits on a large fault between the much larger North American plate to the north and the Caribbean plate to the south. The earthquake on Tuesday happened when what appears to be part of the southern fault zone broke. With many poor people living in tin-roof shacks  and with many of the buildings in Port-au-Prince and elsewhere in the country of questionable quality, it was expected that the quake caused major damage to buildings and great loss of life.", "id": "high8711.txt"}