{"answers": ["B", "B", "D"], "options": [["suggest", "inform", "approve", "instruct"], ["the production is beyond its need", "it's not environmentally friendly", "the competition is very fierce", "the economic situation affects it a lot"], ["Indifferent.", "Negative.", "Doubtful.", "Supportive."]], "questions": ["The writer of the text intends to   _  .", "According to the text, people's present worry about developing the car industry is that   _  .", "What is the author's attitude towards the cars of tomorrow?"], "article": "On October 11, NASCAR announced the car of tomorrow after a seven-year design program. People used to believe that science would promise a future of endless spare time and very cheap electricity. Nowadays the scientists' predictions are a great deal less optimistic: the world is challenged by climate change and decreasing resources.\nIn fact, the car of tomorrow is a symbol of hope. The emission of carbon dioxide has contributed to global warming, but the car producers are waking up to their responsibilities. Investment in new technology to maximize efficiency and minimize environmental damage is not only improving the car industry's act but also setting an example to other industries.\nIt is said that most cars of today run about 15 percent efficiency, which does highlight the potential for improvement. Get it right, and we could continue to enjoy the freedom that comes with owning a car, without the worries.\nOf course, many advances have already been made. There's evidence that the public is eager to buy cleaner and greener cars. And with petrol prices increasing there is no doubt that the cars with economical, efficient engines are going to be in great demand.\nThe good news is that we can all drive the car of tomorrow today, without having to worry about the purchase cost. By choosing our holiday hired cars wisely we can cut down on our fuel costs and experience an eco-friendly drive. Hire a green car and you'll make a difference to the environment.\nDesigners will always enjoy catching our imagination with \"concept cars\" that look more like miniature  spaceships than anything you see on the highway. Whether these creations will eventually become family cars remains to be seen. However, for the moment, there's no doubt at all what the car of tomorrow will be, and it's here today: something familiar and friendly that does its job with considerably less trouble and much greater efficiency than the car of yesterday.", "id": "high8712.txt"}