{"answers": ["C", "D", "A"], "options": [["They look like children.", "They are from Joao Pessoa.", "They are not very skillful.", "They are against human beings."], ["The ability to find the ball.", "The ability to know the position.", "The ability of walking.", "The ability of kicking."], ["The technology competition--RoboCup", "The international competitions in Brazil", "How to develop robot players?", "Can robot players play football?"]], "questions": ["What can we learn about the robot players?", "What is the deciding factor for the robots to win the game?", "What's the best title for the text?"], "article": "The end of the 2014 World Cup does not mean the end of the international competition in Brazil. A major football event which is known as RoboCup will be held in the coastal city Joao Pessoa. Teams of robots from around the world will take part in _ and play the game known as soccer in the United States. The robot teams are guided by teams of human beings.\nWatching robots play football is similar to watching children play the game. The kicks are not good, there are a lot of falls , and people are there to guide and support the robot players. Students of the University of Pennsylvania are trying for their fourth victory at the competition. The students have won the last three RoboCup competition in the Netherlands, Mexico and Turkey.\nJian Qiaoli is one of the leaders of the University of Pennsylvania team. He says one goal he has set for his team is to make sure the robots can find the ball and know where they are on the playing field. And he wants the team to be able to better control the walking ability of the robots. They should pay more attention to the kicking ability, which is the key to winning the game.\nQin He is another leader of the robot team. She says the abilities of the robots improve every year. The robots know the difference between the colors green and red, and they can decide where to go and where the ball is on the playing field. She says the robots are self-learning and don't need to be told what to do. If there are three robot players on the playing field at the same time, they will communicate with each other to decide different responsibility for each of them. They have very good team play right now.\nAs long as the radar detection  works well, the robots will be very competitive. So RoboCup will be an exciting technology competition. Each team develops their own software. Actually, it's a competition of who has the best software. Some RoboCup participants hope to develop a team of robots that can play against human beings.", "id": "high8714.txt"}