{"answers": ["A", "D", "D"], "options": [["prove his innocence by giving a wild story", "convince his teacher by taking offensive action", "figure out whether the teacher considers him guilty", "cover his lies by keeping changing conversation topics"], ["What causes people to lie", "How a liar covers his lies", "What tricks a liar uses", "How to detect a lie"], ["Innocent people will not explain their stories in detail.", "Touching mouth is an effective way to hide dishonesty.", "Eye movement to the left indicates that the person is lying.", "Liars favor a new topic in hope of their lies going undetected."]], "questions": ["When accused of copying, a student who cheats will try to   _  .", "What is the best title for the passage?", "What can we infer from the passage?"], "article": "Parents can usually tell if their children are lying to them, and so can teachers. Knowing if someone is lying can be useful. There are a number of behaviors that you can observe to help catch someone in a lie.\nEyes, windows to the soul, can provide information about whether you are hearing the truth or a lie. Here is a simple experiment. Ask a friend or a family member to imagine their mother with green hair. You should notice that their eyes look up to their left while they are imagining their mother. Then ask them to think about what they did this morning and their eyes will probably look up to the right. Basically, eye movement to the left indicates the person is imagining something that is not real or did not happen. When the eyes move up and to the right, the person is remembering something that actually happened. Body language is another way to see if someone is telling tales. A professional poker   player will probably tell you not to believe someone whose hands touch their face, throat, or mouth. It seems that when we are being less than truthful our hands want to cover our face in some way. It is unlikely that a liar (someone who tells lies) will touch their chest with an open hand.\nPaying careful attention to how people talk can also help you catch someone in a lie. If a student is accused of copying homework, and is guilty, they are likely to get defensive. They may deny the copying and ask why the teacher does not like him or her, while an innocent person might be expected to take the offensive, explaining for example, how they got the ideas for the homework and convincing the teacher to talk to someone who saw them do the homework.\nYou may also find a guilty person speaks more than is natural and adds lots of unnecessary details to their story in an attempt to convince you they are telling the truth. If you suspect this is happening, try changing the subject of your conversation quickly. A liar will happily follow your change of direction and will become more relaxed.\nBut remember: just because someone is showing one or more of the signs associated with lying does not necessarily make them a liar. Some other forms of stress other than lying may explain their behavior, and some people exhibit these signs as normal behavior. However, if you need to distinguish a lie from the truth, these tips could be a good start.", "id": "high8720.txt"}