{"answers": ["B", "D", "D", "D"], "options": [["excited", "nervous", "lonely", "disappointed"], ["There are fewer students from higher grades in the school clubs.", "The school clubs in high school only welcome sports fans.", "Summer activities begin before school starts.", "School officers can help new students join school clubs."], ["Before the eighth grade year starts.", "Right after the high school year starts.", "At the beginning of the new term in the high school.", "At the end of their eighth grade year"], ["To tell the new students how to learn in high school", "To introduce new schools.", "To give the teachers some advice.", "To give advice to new high school students."]], "questions": ["According to the text, most students feel   _   when entering the high school.", "Which of the following is TRUE about the school clubs?", "When do many schools take students to visit their new high school?", "What is the purpose of this text?"], "article": "In America, when the eighth graders leave the middle school, they are often worried about moving to the high school. It is a hard time for them, but it can be an exciting one as well. To make it easier, students need to get familiar with their school.\nEven though they've done this already in the middle school, it's still important to find where their classrooms are. Most schools take students to the high school for a visit at the end of their eighth grade year. And, most schools also have a freshman  speech for parents and students before the first year begins. Sometimes the main office will give away a map of the school. This can help students and parents to find different places in the school.\nOne way to know your high school more and make new friends is to join a club or play a sport. Schools often offer chances to join different clubs and sports. Fall activities begin in August before the first day of school. If you are not interested in sports, there are clubs for any interest, such as drama, dance, chess, photography, community service, etc. These clubs allow students from different grades. By joining an activity, students can find new friendships, not to mention improving their chances in future college applications  . The school office will have a list of activities offered at the school and information on how to join them.\nWhat's more, to have a great start to a high school year, students can write down some of their worries, and ask for help from teachers and school workers.", "id": "high8722.txt"}