{"answers": ["C", "A", "C"], "options": [["It is very safe.", "It is done alone.", "It is done outside.", "It needs no equipment."], ["it is simpler than other kinds", "they can try special equipment", "they only have to climb several meters high", "they can do it indoors"], ["Climbers use their hands or arms to climb.", "Climbers use no special equipment for ice climbing.", "Climbers do rock climbing in groups.", "Climbers do rock climbing without ropes"]], "questions": ["What's the feature of traditional rock climbing?", "According to the passage, people like bouldering because  _  .", "Which of the following is TRUE about rock climbing?"], "article": "About nine million people like rock climbing in America. Millions more take part in the activity around the world. Some do it just for fun. Others compete.\nClimbing takes strength, control and good balance. Climbers have to pull themselves straight up the face of very high rocks or walls. So they have to be strong enough to carry their own weight. And climbers sometimes have to hold onto rocks by only their fingers or toes.\nThere are several kinds of rock climbing. Traditional rock climbing is done outside. Climbers wear ropes and tie equipment to the rocks as they climb many hundreds of meters up. They also connect their ropes to the equipment. If a climber slips, a rope can stop him from falling.\nSport climbing is similar. However, in it the protective equipment is placed in the rock all the time. There is also indoor climbing. Rock walls made of wood have places for the climber's hands and feet.\nIce climbing is exactly as it sounds. People climb glaciers or frozen waterfalls instead of rocks. They use special equipment for the ice.\nAnd then there is bouldering-climbing rocks   between three and seven meters high. It is quicker and stronger climbing. Many climbers like bouldering because they can use less equipment. Climbers often need only special shoes and chalk  . All climbers use chalk to keep their hands dry.\nMost rocks have cracks and holes and parts that stick out. Climbers use these for foot-holds and handholds. Climbers use their legs to climb. They try not to pull themselves up with their hands or arms. Arms and hands are for position and balance.\nPeople almost always climb in groups of two or more. Climbing alone is very dangerous. Expert rock climbers say only the very best in the sport should do it.", "id": "high8727.txt"}