{"answers": ["A", "C", "D", "B"], "options": [["Time to Kick the Habit", "China Bans Smoking in Public Places", "Smokers in China", "Make People Aware of Smoking"], ["one-third of its total", "one-eighth of its total", "1ess than half its total", "more than half its total"], ["Parents.", "Teachers only.", "Advertisements.", "Teachers and doctors."], ["In China. those who get into the habit of smoking seem to be younger and younger.", "More than half of the teachers and doctors are smokers in China.", "The writer suggests schools should be designated as no-smoking zones.", "It is of great benefit to forbid smoking in public places."]], "questions": ["Which of the following can serve as the best title for the passage?", "In developing countries, China has the largest number of smokers, which covers  _  .", "In the writer's opinion, who have influenced young smokers, especially those under l8?", "Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage?"], "article": "\"China now has 350 million smokers, accounting for one-third of the world total. Chinese smokers now become addicted to nicotine at the age of 19, five years earlier than the average starting age of 24 in 1997,\" a report said a couple of years ago.\nOf the 1.1 billion smokers all over the world. more than 800 million are in developing countries. And as the world's largest developing country, China also has the largest number of smokers.\nSome frightening facts start to appear when we examine who China's smokers are. Of the 350 million addicts, more than 100 million are under the age of 18, while more than 50 percent of male teachers and doctors are smokers.\nSuch a high rate of addicts among male teachers and doctors will certainly have a bad impact on the young generation.\nTeachers are usually expected to be role models for students who tend to consider whatever they do is right and follow their example. It is very likely that the number of teenage smokers will increase in the near future unless measures are taken to forbid teachers from smoking in front of their students or designate schools as no-smoking zones.\nWhat is truly puzzling is why so many doctors smoke. They are aware of the results of the habit, such as high blood pressure and lung cancer. Their example only helps justify the addiction of so many others.\nIf educated people set an example by stopping smoking at least in public places. it would be much easier to drive home the notion that it is uncivilized to smoke in public places.\nIn China, there should also be a national law to ban smoking in public places. These would make a massive contribution to cutting the number of people in China who are smoking themselves into early grave.", "id": "high8734.txt"}