{"answers": ["C", "B", "A"], "options": [["To excite the music talent in ordinary Americans.", "To record an album of his own music.", "To let people know more about all the American states.", "To go on writing stories."], ["He played in several musical groups.", "He studied documents and newspapers and talked to people there.", "He moved to New York City to study writing.", "He kept his next state a secret from reporters."], ["Fifty States Project", "The Fifty States in America", "Songs About American States", "Sufjan Stevens and Michigan"]], "questions": ["Why does Sufian Stevens plan to make an album about each of the American states?", "What did Sufjan Stevens do to make an album of songs about a state?", "Which of the following can serve as the proper title for the passage?"], "article": "Most people know that the United States is made up of fifty states. However, few people know a lot about all fifty of them. Sufjan Stevens is a young American musician. He wants to change this situation.\nSufjan Stevens plans to make an album about each of the fifty American states. During college he played in several musical groups and recorded an album of his own music. However, he wanted to be a writer, not a musician. So after college he moved to New York City to study writing.\nIn New York. Stevens had trouble writing stories. He discovered that he missed music. He also discovered that most of the stories he did write were about his home state of Michigan. So, Sufjan Stevens decided to make an album of songs about Michigan.\nGreetings from Michigan: The Great Lakes State was released in 2003. The album was a big success. Many young people and music critics liked it. Before long, Stevens announced that he wanted to make an album for every state. He called it his \"fifty states project\".\nStevens chose Illinois as his next state. He read many books about Illinois. He studied police documents and old newspapers. He talked to people who live in the state. The CD Illinois was released in 2005. Critics loved the album. It won many awards. Illinois became popular at colleges throughout the United States. People said the CD sounded different from anything else they had ever heard.\nSufjan Stevens is keeping his next state a secret from reporters. People have said that he is writing about Oregon, Rhode Island, or Minnesota. However, no one but Stevens knows for sure.", "id": "high8735.txt"}