{"answers": ["A", "D", "C", "B"], "options": [["knee-length pants", "shirts without sleeves", "transparent T-shirts", "jeans sticking to skin"], ["What the new dress code is.", "How students dressed themselves.", "What punishments students may receive.", "How students responded to the code."], ["pay less attention to their appearance", "prevent comparison among students", "bring out the best in students", "spare teachers from punishing students for their improper dress"], ["Uniforms limit the individuality of students.", "Students should pay more attention to their behavior.", "Clothing is of no importance to students.", "Students should concentrate more on their study."]], "questions": ["According to the new standardized dress code, students in the US are allowed to wear  _  .", "What is the main idea of Para 5?", "Students in some US schools are required to wear uniforms Not to  _  .", "What do Beth Kassab's words imply?"], "article": "The first day of school always goes wrong. For many students in the United States, however, this year it was even more so. It was all due to one extra school policy - they are now required to follow a new standardized dress code.\nAccording to the handbooks of all high schools in Allentown, Pennsylvania, students must wear short- or long-sleeve polo shirts and khaki   or black pants. Skinny jeans, leggings and open-toe shoes are not allowed.\nAllentown schools are not alone. At Edgewater High School in Florida, shirts must have collars or sleeves, and pants must not sag   and reach at least mid-thigh  . No see-through shirts or T- shirts with references to sex on them are allowed.\nOverall, more than half of US public schools now enforce dress codes, according to the National Center for Education Statistics. About 57 percent of schools now have a \"strict dress code\", up from more than 47 percent a decade earlier, USA Today said.\nAmong young people, there are mixed emotions. Some don't mind wearing similar clothes every day while others aren't happy. Despite dress codes in many school districts, some students still come to school - even on their first day - in skirts that are too short, necklines that are too low and sagging pants that don't stay up on their hips.\nBut there are punishments. If they are out of dress code, students can be removed from the classroom until they fix the problem. In Florida, wearing sagging pants is illegal for youths according to a state law issued in 2011. Breaking the rule results in not being able to do after-school activities, and even being forbidden to attend class.\nSome US schools go further and require students to wear uniforms. Many say that they simplify their jobs, saving teachers from having to punish students for wearing skirts or shorts that are too short, for instance. They can also prevent feelings of competition and envy among students.\n\"It takes away the daily fashion show and helps level the playing field a little bit with the haves and have-nots,\" longtime school safety consultant Ken Trump told USA Today.\nCritics of uniforms say they rob students of individuality. But for some people, that's a lazy argument.\n\"Clothing isn't the only form of self-expression. Students should know that it's what they do that counts,\" commented a parent named Beth Kassab in The Orlando Sentinel in Florida.", "id": "high8745.txt"}