{"answers": ["A", "D", "C", "B"], "options": [["93 years old.", "98 years old.", "86 years old.", "88 years old."], ["black women were forbidden to perform in the film in the 1940s", "Lena Horne didn't make any films in the 1960s", "Lena Horne liked staying at hotel very much", "black actresses often played roles of servants in the film in the 1940s"], ["Lena Home became the first African-American in Hollywood in her forties.", "Dena Horne was a friend of Martin Luther King.", "Lena Horne was involved in civil rights activities in the 1960s.", "Lena Horne took an active part in sports activities."], ["by space", "by time", "by process", "by comparison"]], "questions": ["How old was Lena Horne when she died?", "We can infer from the passage that  _", "Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage?", "This text is developed"], "article": "STEVE EMBER: And I'm Steve Ember with People In America in VOA Special English. Today we remember the singer and actress Lena Horne. During her sixty-year career performing, Lena Horne entertained people with her beauty and rich, emotional voice. She used her fame to fight social injustices toward African-Americans.\nLena Horne was born in New York. At sixteen, Lena became a dancer at the famous club in New York City in 1933. After taking voice lessons, she soon became a singer. In 1940, Lena Horne became the first African-American to perform with an all-white jazz hand. After performing at a club in Hollywood, California, she caught the attention of filmmakers. She soon began making movies. Her films became very popular. In the 1940s, Lena Horne was the first African-American in Hollywood to sing a long -term contract with a major movie studio. Her deal with MGM stated that she would never play the role of a servant. She refused to play roles that represented African-Americans disrespectfully.\nLena Horne once said that World War II helped make her a star. She was popular with both black and white soldiers. She sang on army radio programs and traveled to perform for the troops. These experiences led to Lena Horne's work in the civil rights movement.\nLena Horne sang at rights gatherings. She took part in the march on Washington protest in 1963. It was during this event that Martin Luther King gave his \"I have a dream\" speech. She protested racial separation at the hotels where she performed. She took action so that she and her musicians would be allowed to stay in those hotels. B1ack musicians at the time generally stayed in black neighborhoods.\nAt the age of eighty, she said she did not have to act like a white woman that Hollywood hoped she would become. She said: \"I'm me, and I'm like nobody else.\"\nLena Horne died in New York in 2010.", "id": "high8750.txt"}