{"answers": ["C", "C", "A"], "options": [["They were afraid of her.", "She treated them badly.", "She was kind to them.", "It was their daily practice."], ["They were good friends.", "The principals hated them.", "She guessed her principals might be glad to hear it.", "She wanted to be praised."], ["Others' nice talk behind her back.", "Her good knowledge in teaching.", "Her rich experience in teaching.", "Her principal's help."]], "questions": ["Why did these colleagues talk behind their boss's back?", "Why did the author report their conversation to her principals?", "What encouraged the author to be a good teacher?"], "article": "The other day at lunch I was part of a whole group of colleagues and we were talking behind our boss's back. She's the new principal  of our middle school.\nWe talked about how kind she is to us. She writes notes to wish us happy holidays, or to thank us for jobs well done. She checks on us when she knows we're facing difficulties outside of school with our health or with our families.\nAll too often, When we talk NICE behind someone's back, they never know about it!I sent her a quick email to report the conversation. She replied saying how much she appreciated hearing about it!\nI like to do the same for my students. Of course I give them my own compliments ,but I love to let them know when others adults have noticed their good behavior and attitudes. Then it's absolutely necessary to let THEM know it too! It matters when what they notice is good.\nI've known from the other side how much this can mean. I often lack confidence in my own abilities as a teacher, so it gave me quite a lift when a friend who works with families in the community mentioned that he has heard several times from parents how glad they are to have their kids in my class. It just feels more important somehow to have the words said by people who don't know I'll ever hear them.\nSure, it's pleasant when we can say nice things about other people. Watch for your next opportunity to be the reporter! Make sure to tell them about the nice things being said behind their backs!", "id": "high8754.txt"}