{"answers": ["C", "D", "B", "C"], "options": [["tells us how to achieve personal space", "explains what personal space people need is", "introduces some knowledge about personal space", "argues for the importance of keeping personal space"], ["A person who has to sit next to a lady putting on strong perfume.", "A person who has been watched by a stranger for a long time.", "A person who hears strange noises when reading at home.", "A Latin boy who is chatting with a friend sitting close to him."], ["People need a smaller personal space in recent times than before.", "People have a strong desire for personal space in recent times.", "There are not enough seats on the plane to meet people's needs.", "Food service is better provided than seats on the plane."], ["The space around the body is more needed than that around all the senses.", "If you hold newspapers on the bus, your personal space won't be violated.", "People usually choose the corner seats first in a library for personal space.", "Different cultures share the same preferences for personal space."]], "questions": ["The writer mainly   _   in this article.", "Who might feel his personal space is safe according to the passage?", "What can we know from the survey by TripAdvisor?", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?"], "article": "Many of us feel uneasy when someone stands too close to us, talks to us too loudly or makes eye contact   with us for too long. But have you ever wondered why those things make you uncomfortable?\nIt's all about personal peace, which means not only an imaginary space around the body, but also the space around all the senses. People feel that their space is being violated   when they meet with an unwelcome sound, smell or look. This is probably why a man on a crowded bus shouting into his mobile phone or a woman next to you putting on strong perfume   makes you feel angry.\nWhether people have had a stronger wish to protect their personal space in recent times is hard to say. Yet studies of airlines show that people have a strong desire   to have space to themselves. In a survey  by Trip Advisor, a travel website, people said that if they had to pay more for some extra service, they would rather have larger seats than extra food.\nAlthough people may need their personal space, some hardly realize it. For example, people on a bus who hold newspapers in front of their faces to read in fact keep a distance from strangers.\nGo and watch a library table. You will notice that one of the corner seats will usually be taken first, because they are the farthest way. What if someone sits opposite to you? Maybe you will pile up books as if to make a wall.\nPreference  for personal space are different from culture to culture. Scientists have found that Americans generally prefer more personal space than people from other cultures. In Latin  cultures, however, people are more comfortable standing close to each other.", "id": "high8757.txt"}