{"answers": ["B", "C", "C"], "options": [["miles and miles of beautiful beaches", "its gold coast and the surfing condition", "wild animals and the botanical gardens", "the quiet and beautiful environment"], ["when you have plenty of time", "when you want to have a rest", "if you are interested in art and culture", "if you want to learn more about Brisbane"], ["it is wonderful to surf in Brisbane", "Brisbane has many attractions to see", "it is good to visit Brisbane in spring", "there are many sports sites in Brisbane"]], "questions": ["The region of Brisbane is famous for  _  .", "The writer advises you to visit the galleries and museums  _  .", "The text is written mainly to tell readers that  _  ."], "article": "Even though Brisbane is all about sun and surfing during the summer, spring time still brings a nice change to the place. That entire region is known as the gold coast, and it extends miles and miles of beaches with some of the best surfing condition in the world. In fact, you would be more pressed for time if you are just visiting, because there is so much for the nature _ to see. They can see the wild animals and quiet and beautiful environment, and there are many interesting activities for them to do.\nIf you are going there to relax then it's probably safe to say that you want your hotel with a quiet and relaxing environment. You may even want to stay at a place like Urban Hotels located in Brisbane. You have everything you need right there in the hotel. A trip to Brisbane should not be spent indoors, especially during spring time when you have all of that natural beauty that surrounds you. The Botanical  Gardens is a must to see during spring because plants have come to life from the cold weather and you get to see more flowers after a boring and cold winter. There are plenty of sports sites for you to visit, where you can do some climbing, boating and cycling. You can enjoy the fresh spring air and get some exercise at the same time. If you are in the mood for a bit of culture, then you can visit some of the galleries and museums located throughout the city. You can even go on a cruise  up the river.\nIt's not quite the right time for surfing in spring, but surfing is still good in some places if you are brave enough to hit the water.", "id": "high8764.txt"}