{"answers": ["A", "C", "D", "B", "B"], "options": [["his smooth breath", "ambulances' arriving time", "the quiet surroundings", "emergency medical help"], ["put some cream on the burn area", "cook some butter for the burn", "place the burn under cold running water", "wash the affected area for a long time"], ["It will help the bleeding stop at once.", "It will help produce more clotting agents.", "It will produce more pressure on the wound", "It will bleed more and hard to stop"], ["When a person's nose bleed, please put the head back.", "You can learn first aid in quickly in different ways.", "When a person is burnt, crap the burn until help arrives.", "Not everyone can do first aid to save a life."], ["how to learn first aid by yourself", "some misunderstanding about first aid", "the importance of first aid", "how to help medical team save a life"]], "questions": ["The most important point to save a person's life is to ensure   _  .", "If a person is burnt, what you should do immediately is to   _  .", "If a bleeding wound is put under a tap, what should happen?", "Which of the following statement is RIGHT?", "The passage mainly tells us   _  ."], "article": "A blocked airway  can kill someone in three to four minutes, but it can take more than eight minutes for an ambulance to arrive. So a simple procedure such as opening someone's airway can save their life while they're waiting for emergency medical help. This means you're more likely to give first aid to someone you know than a stranger.\nThere are many misconceptions  surrounding first aid. Below are the 'most popular' ones with details of what you should do.\nYou should put butter or cream on a burn. The only thing you should put on a burn is cold water - keep the butter for cooking. Put the affected area under cold running water for at least ten minutes.\nThe best way to treat bleeding is to put the wound under a tap. If you put a bleeding wound under a tap you wash away the body's clotting agents  and make it bleed more. Instead put pressure on the wound with whatever is available to stop or slow down the flow of blood. As soon as possible call 999. Keep pressure on the wound until help arrives.\nNosebleeds are best treated by putting the head back. If you put the head back during a nosebleed, all the blood goes down the back of the airway. Instead advise them to tilt  their head forwards and ask the person to pinch  the end of their nose and breathe through their mouth.\nYou need lots of training to do first aid. You don't - what you mostly need is common sense. You can learn enough first aid in a few minutes to save someone's life - whether it's from a book, attending a course or watching videos online.\nRemember: anyone can save a life", "id": "high877.txt"}