{"answers": ["B", "C"], "options": [["can help people to learn how to fly an airplane", "was built for filming airplane scenes in movies", "can't provide the feel of an airplane in flight", "let service dog owners experience the thrill of flying"], ["There are no school for people to overcome the fear of flying.", "Well-trained working dogs don't need to attend the training.", "Dogs are exposed to stimulation repetitively in the flight school.", "The training has little effect on service dogs."]], "questions": ["The flight simulator  _  .", "Which of the following statements is TRUE, according to the text?"], "article": "Air travel makes some people very nervous. The crowds, the noise and flying itself can cause unease. But there are classes that people can take to help them defeat the fear of flying. And now we are going to talk about similar training for service dogs that suffer from the same problem.\nService dogs almost never leave the side of the people they care for. You will see them working on buses, trains and other public transport systems. But the busy environment in an airport can trouble even the best trained working dog.\nPeople with disabilities depend on their dogs. They also need the dogs to remain calmly on duty on the airplane, even when the flight is not smooth. This takes special training. The Air Hollywood K9 Flight School is one place where such help can be found.\nThe school has a piece of equipment that provides the sights, sounds and even the feel of an airplane in flight. It is called a flight simulator . The simulator was built for filming airplane scenes in movies.\nSandy Alexander lives in Newport Beach, California. He has a disability that requires his two-year-old dog, Doc, to be always at his side. Mr. Alexander took the dog to the flight school to get him ready for plane trips. He says Doc did not like the bumpy  part of the flight simulation. \"When that started he was pretty _ and looked up at me and wasn't sure what was gong on.\"\n\"Dogs need to be exposed gradually and repetitively to stimulation, to the environment, to loud noises, to sounds and other dogs so that when this experience happens to them on a daily basis, they are able to act in a way that they are used to acting and don't get excitable,\" days dog trainer, Mary Segall.\nDog owners who have attended the training say they now feel much more at ease about future flights. Their dogs also seem ready for take-off.", "id": "high8778.txt"}