{"answers": ["B", "C", "B", "C"], "options": [["he has grown up knowing the story of Cinderella", "he could see Rodgers & Hammerstein's Cinderella on stage", "the lights became dark and the orchestra started to play", "the stage had a magical appearance with the tree on it"], ["They all agree the musical is more beloved than the story.", "They all agree the story is more complicated than the musical.", "Broadway experts have given the show nine Tony nominations.", "Laura Osnes has been nominated for the Tony for best actress."], ["Cinderella picks up her shoe after dropping it in the movie.", "The stepmother and the sisters are crueler in the movie.", "The prince doesn't find Cinderella in the show.", "Cinderella doesn't escape from the dancing party in the show."], ["only for grown-up", "only for children.", "for both grown-ups and children", "for either grown-ups or children"]], "questions": ["The author was excited because  _", "Which of the following shows that the Broadway experts agree with the author?", "What is one of the differences between the Disney movie and the Broadway show according to the passage?", "According to the author, this show is suitable  _"], "article": "Like most people, I have grown up hearing the story Cinderella, in which a young girl lived with her cruel stepmother and suddenly had her life changed by a kind fairy and a smart prince. So when to see Rodger & Hammerstein's Cinderella, which is now playing on Broadway, I was very excited, As soon as I sat down, I noticed the trees lining the stage ,which gave it a magical appearance. The orchestra started to play and the lights became dark as the show began.\nI loved the entire performance. Everything and everyone on stage seemed like they had just jumped off the pages of the beloved story.\nIt turns out that the Broadway experts agree with me. The show has received nine Tony nominations . Tony awards are the top prizes for Broadway shows. Laura Osnes, who plays the role of Cinderella, has been nominated for the Tony for best actress in a musical.\nHow similar is the show to the story of Cinderella you know? The answer, of course, depends on which version of the story you've seen or read. In an interview with TIME FOR Kids, Osnes pointed out that many people are familiar with the Disney movie version. There are some differences between that movie and the Broadway show. For one thing, the stepmother and the sisters are not as cruel in the show as in the movie. Also, in the Broadway version, when Cinderella escapes from the dancing party, she picks up her shoe after dropping it. So how does the prince find Cinderella again? You'll have to see the show to find out!\nI just think anyone would enjoy this play, including both kids and adults. The attention to detail is amazing. In my opinion, this play deserves a double thumbs-up!", "id": "high8792.txt"}