{"answers": ["D", "C", "A"], "options": [["English learners should not spend time on grammar rules, new words and phrases.", "Grammar rules, new words and phrases are the most important thing for an English learner.", "If you are good at grammar, your spoken English will be bad.", "Learning grammar rules, new words and phrases is only part of English learning."], ["go to English corner", "communicate with people in English", "travel in English-speaking countries", "write English diaries"], ["How to learn English well", "English isn't difficult", "Use English often in your life", "Grammar learning is not enough"]], "questions": ["In the writer's opinion,  _", "The writer gives the following tips EXCEPT  _", "Which of the following can be the best title of the passage?"], "article": "Every student wants to learn English well, but how can we learn it well? It's a good topic for English learners. Here are some good methods, which can help you improve your English quickly.\nFirst of all, you must have correct attitude. Please love English, not hate it. And you don't feel shy when you say or speak English. Remember one sentence: _ \nSecondly, I think grammar rules, new words and phrases are important, but they are not enough. For example, some people are quite good at grammar and learned a lot of English words and phrases. But they can't speak English when they meet foreign friends.\nThe most effective  way to learn English well is to often use English. Don't be afraid and don't laugh at others. We'd better listen, speak, read and write more. You can go to English corner, talk with foreigners or talk with your friends. If you have time, listen to the radio or English program. Listening to this good material can help you improve your listening and understanding. And then, you can read English books, newspapers or novels. They are wonderful. You can use the internet, chat with net-friends or write E-mails, dairies ...Through these ways, you can get more for your English.\nEnglish isn't so difficult that we can't learn it well. As long as we set our mind to learn English well, I'm sure everyone will be successful.", "id": "high8797.txt"}