{"answers": ["C", "C", "D", "D"], "options": [["served with a drink in old times", "popular with people around the world", "a drink enjoyed by the rich in old times", "bought easily in stores in old times"], ["A warm climate.", "Official aid.", "New technologies.", "Scientific protection."], ["Simple and time-saving.", "Safe and labour-saving", "Easy and labour-saving", "Easy and environment-friendly."], ["Scientists are trying to help people find various cacaos.", "The chocolate industry is developing rapidly only in European countries.", "People in America love to produce dear chocolate.", "Chocolate making is probably a big business internationally."]], "questions": ["We can learn from the passage that chocolate was   _  .", "What made it possible to produce chocolate inexpensively?", "What should ideal cacao farming be like?", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?"], "article": "Most people today think of chocolate as something sweet to eat or drink and can be easily found in stores around the world. It might surprise you that chocolate was once highly treasured.\nThe wealthy people of Spain first enjoyed a sweetened chocolate drink. Later, the popularity of the drink spread throughout Europe. Chocolate remained a drink that only wealthy people could afford to drink until the eighteenth century. During the period known as the Industrial Revolution, new technologies helped make chocolate less costly to produce.\nFarmers grow cacao trees in many countries in Africa, Central and South America, but these trees are difficult to grow. They require an exact amount of water, warmth, soil and protection. After about five years, cacao trees start producing large fruits called pods, which grow near the trunk of the tree. The seeds inside these pods are harvested to make chocolate. Growing cacao is very hard work for farmers. Today, chocolate industry officials, activists, and scientists are working with farmers. They are trying to make sure that cacao can be grown in a way that is easy for the farmers and safe for the environment.\nThe market value of the yearly cacao crop around the world is more than five billion dollars. Chocolate is especially popular in Europe and the United States. Each year, Americans eat an average of more than 5 kilograms of chocolate per person. Specialty shops that sell costly chocolate are also very popular. Many offer chocolate lovers the chance to taste chocolate grown in different areas of the world.", "id": "high8807.txt"}