{"answers": ["D", "A", "D"], "options": [["He always loses in boxing matches.", "He isn't strong.", "He looks like a girl.", "He loves ballet."], ["His teacher encourages him to take up ballet dancing.", "He does well in ballet dancing and boxing.", "He does what his father wants him to do.", "He has never taken up any men's sports."], ["children should accept their parents' opinions", "we should try to fight against traditional opinions", "men and women play different sports", "parents should let their children do what they are interested in"]], "questions": ["Why is Billy laughed at by other children?", "What do we know about Billy?", "From Billy's story, we can see that   _  ."], "article": "Today, traditional opinions about men still exist. A man has to be strong, brave, sports loving and manly. Anything less would not be considered manly. Sports such as football, basketball and boxing all tend   to be men's sports. However, the dance of ballet is considered _ because it requires nice movements. This tradition is shown in the movie, Billy Elliot.\nBilly Elliot is a movie that protests against this traditional view of men. Billy Elliot is an eleven-year-old boy that has a natural talent for ballet dancing, but his father will not allow it. Billy's father wants him to take up boxing and become stronger, but Billy goes against his father's wishes and takes up ballet dancing. This difference of opinion makes Billy sad. What's more, his friends also laugh at him.\nAfter saving enough money, his father sends Billy to a weekly boxing course; however, Billy doesn't enjoy boxing because he always loses in matches and is often hurt. His ballet teacher, Mrs. Wilkinson thinks that men or women should not be judged by the activities they like to do, so she tells Billy's father that although he wants his son to make a good living, he should let his son do what he loves to do because he has a talent for it. When his father finally realizes the truth, Billy is surprised. In the end, with the help of his father, brother and all the people around him, Billy goes to the Royal Ballet Academy in London and becomes a very successful ballet dancer.", "id": "high881.txt"}