{"answers": ["B", "D"], "options": [["Moral deeds of people.", "Arguments on giving to beggars.", "Moral goodness of the giver.", "Religious activities of the church."], ["Some people dress up to pretend to be beggars.", "Some beggars have no excuse for begging.", "Some beggars use the money to buy drugs.", "Some beggars need money for their children's schooling."]], "questions": ["What is mainly discussed in the passage?", "Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage?"], "article": "When a rather dirty, poorly dressed person kneels at your feet and puts out his hands to beg for a few coins, do you hurry on, not knowing what to do, or do you feel sad and hurriedly hand over some money? What should our attitude to beggars be? There can be no question that the world is full of terribly sad stories. It must be terrible to have no idea where our next meal is going to come from. It seems cruel not to give some money to beggars.\nCertainly, most of the world's great religions order us to be open-hearted and share what we have with those less fortunate than ourselves. _ ? Maybe what was    morally right in the old days, when one knew exactly who in the village had suffered  misfortune and needed help, is no longer the best idea. Quite a few people will not give to beggars.     Let us look at their arguments.\nFirst, some believe that many city beggars dress up on purpose to look pitiable and actually make a good living from begging. Giving to beggars only encourages this sort of evil .\nSecondly, there is the worry that the money you give will be spent on beer, wine or drugs.\nThirdly, there is the opinion that there is no real excuse for begging. One might be poor, but that is no reason for losing one's sense of pride and self-dependence.\nThere is an opinion that the problem should be dealt with by the government rather than ordinary people. Some people think the local government department should help the beggars\nIt is hard to come to any final conclusion: there are various cases and we must deal with them differently. A few coins can save a life in some situations, and even if the money is wasted, that does not take away the moral goodness of the giver.", "id": "high882.txt"}