{"answers": ["C", "B"], "options": [["kept watering them every morning", "talked to them to get their attention", "paid little attention to them", "beat them to make them grow deep roots"], ["Have an easy life, without too much to worry about.", "Be able to stand the rain and wind in their lives.", "Have good luck, encountering less hardship in their life.", "Meet people like Dr Gibbs in the future."]], "questions": ["With the trees planted, Doctor Gibbs often  _  .", "Which prayer does the author wish for his sons?"], "article": "When I was growing up, I had an old neighbor named Doctor Gibbs. He didn't look like any doctor I'd ever known. He never yelled at us for playing in his yard, but was always very kind.\nWhen Doctor Gibbs wasn't saving lives, he was planting trees. He had some interesting theories about planting trees. He believed in the principle:  \"No pain, no gain\". He hardly watered his new trees, an attitude which flew in the face of conventional wisdom.\nOnce I asked why and he told me that watering plants spoiled them because it made them grow weaker. He said you had to make things tough for the trees so that only the strongest could survive. He talked about how watering trees made them develop shallow roots and how, if they were not watered, trees would grow deep roots in search of water.\nSo, instead of watering his trees every morning, he'd beat them with a rolled-up newspaper. I asked him why he did that, and he said it was to get the tree's attention.\nDoctor Gibbs died a couple of years after I left home. Every now and then, I walked by his house and looked at the trees that I'd watched him plant some 25 years ago. They were tall and strong.\nI planted a couple of trees myself a few years ago. Two years of attending these trees meant they grew up weak. Whenever a cold wind blew, their branches trembled. _ seemed to benefit Doctor Gibb's trees in ways comfort and ease never could.\nEvery night before I go to bed, I check on my two sons. I often pray that their lives will be easy. But lately I've been thinking that it's time to change my prayer. I know my children are going to encounter hardship. There's always a cold wind blowing somewhere. What we need to do is to pray for deep roots, so when the rains fall and the winds blow, we won't be torn apart.", "id": "high8822.txt"}