{"answers": ["B", "C", "A"], "options": [["Kids like playing with them.", "They influence the choices their children make.", "They are the money-makers in their families.", "Kids like toys bought by them."], ["The founding of Meet Up groups.", "The change of people's attitude towards them.", "The increase in the number of stay-at-home dads.", "The development of new communication methods."], ["smart and positive.", "energetic and brave", "sociable and patient.", "confident and careful."]], "questions": ["Why toy makers catering to stay-at-home dads?", "What change has Kyle noticed recently?", "Children with full-time dads are more likely to be   _  ."], "article": "Perhaps you have seen them on the playground, at preschool drop-off or piano lessons, or even in TV shows like Up All Night. They are the stay-at-home dads, and lately, it seems they're everywhere.\nThe latest research shows that 32 percent of dads regularly care for their children, and among those with preschool-age kids, one in five dads is the primary caregiver. In families where mom works, that figure rises to nearly one in three. Stay-at-home dads have become so common that even toy makers like Mattel are catering to  them.\nA recent study finds that today's full-time fathers aren't trying to be \"Mr. Moms\". Instead, they're carving out their own unique roles as parents. I spoke with some experienced stay-at-home dads, who agreed that their parenting styles are different. \"I do let the kids take more risks on the playground, while my wife tends to get nervous that they'll fall and hurt themselves,\" says Kyle, 38, an artist.\nBesides, as there are more and more stay-at-home dads, they are turning to each other for support. They have created Meet Up groups and held Dads Nights Out. Kyle admits he had noticed a change recently. \"Several years ago, I was checking out at a store with the kids, and the cashier was very curious why I was buying food instead of my wife. I told her that I was a full-time dad, and she commented, 'Wow, I have never met one of you before.' Now, my next-door neighbor is a dad who works from home and we often trades off watching the kids after school. \"\nAs for my own husband, although he admits that being a full-time dad is encouraging, he's also proud of the strong bond with our daughter, which will offer her benefits that last for years. Children wit caring dads tend to have higher intelligence and more confidence, and do better in school. They also are less likely to experience depression or get into trouble, and have better social skills.", "id": "high8836.txt"}