{"answers": ["B", "D", "D", "C"], "options": [["Possible Damages Caused by Floods", "Emergency Exercise in London", "Flood Emergency in London", "London Floods in History"], ["50 underground stations were made waterproof.", "Rescue teams were formed.", "An alarm system was set up.", "A flood wall was built."], ["train the civil service for the flood", "prevent the flood from happening", "fill people in London with alarm", "prepare people against floods"], ["describe how frightened most of the Londoners were", "argue that it's impossible to prevent floods in London", "show that most Londoners took Exercise Flood Call calmly", "prove that the Exercise Flood Call did cause a lot of trouble to Londoners"]], "questions": ["What topic is treated in this passage?", "What measure was taken against floods in London in the 1960s?", "The purpose of the Exercise Flood Call is to   _  .", "The author quotes   3the woman to   _  ."], "article": "A few months ago, millions of people in London heard alarms all over the town. The Emergency Services, the Fire Departments, the Police, hospitals, and ambulances stood by, ready to go into action. In railway underground stations, people read notices and maps that told them where to go and what to do in the emergency. This was Exercise Flood Call, to prepare people for a flood emergency. London wasn't flooded. In 1928, people living in Westminster, the heart of London, drowned in floods. And in 1953, one hundred people, living on the eastern edge of the London suburbs were killed, again, in the floods. At last, Greater London Council took actions to prevent this disaster from happening again.  Though a flood wall was built in the 1960s, Londoners still must be prepared for the possible disaster. If it happens, 50 underground stations will be under water. Electricity, gas and phone services will be out of action. Roads will be drowned. It will be impossible to cross any of the bridges between north and south London. Imagine: London will look like the famous Italian city, Venice. But this Exercise Flood Call didn't cause panic among Londoners. Most people knew it was just a warning. One lady said, \"It's a flood warning, isn't it. ? The water doesn't look high to me.\"", "id": "high8840.txt"}