{"answers": ["C", "D", "B", "A"], "options": [["persuade us to have a holiday in Africa", "introduce to us when Christmas came into being", "tell us how people celebrate Christmas in Africa", "describe some important holidays in Africa"], ["Christmas- Boxing Day- Advent", "Boxing Day- Christmas- Advent", "Christmas- Advent- Boxing Day", "Advent- Christmas- Boxing Day"], ["everyone returns home to harvest cocoa", "people enjoy a traditional dinner", "the church and homes are being decorated", "it is snowing heavily everywhere"], ["pumpkin pies", "yellow rice", "crackers", "turkey"]], "questions": ["The writer of this passage mainly wants to   _  .", "The correct order of the following festivals should be   _  .", "If you visit South Africa on Christmas day, you'll find   _  .", "In Africa, the traditional dinner for Christmas including the following EXCEPT   _  ."], "article": "In Africa, Christmas day begins with groups of carolers   walking to and fro through the village, along the roadway, by the houses of the churchmen, singing the lovely carols known the world around. Often people may be awakened by a group of carolers beginning to gather at the church. They return home to make final preparation as to the clothes one must wear and also as to his offering for the Christmas service. The most important part of their Christmas service is the love offering. This is the gift in honor of Jesus. At about 8 or 9 o'clock, everyone makes their way to the celebration of the birthday of Jesus. Everyone who attends the service goes forward to lay down their gift upon the raised platform near the Communion table. Not one person will attend the service without giving a gift.\nChristmas in South Africa is a summer holiday. There is no snow, but it has many flowers, many beautiful varieties of wild flowers being in their full pride.\nIn Ghana, most churches announce the coming of Christmas by decorating the church and homes beginning with the first week in Advent, four weeks before Christmas. This season happens to be the cocoa harvest time, so it is a time of wealth. Everyone returns home from wherever they might be, such as farms or mines.\nIn Africa, it is the traditional dinner of turkey, roast beef, mince pies, suckling pig, yellow rice with raisins, vegetables, and plum pudding, or crackers. In the afternoon, families go out into the country and usually there are games or bathing in the warm sunshine, and then home in the cool of the evening. Boxing Day is also a public holiday of real relaxation usually spent in the open air, which falls on December 26.", "id": "high8847.txt"}