{"answers": ["B", "D", "C", "A"], "options": [["It thinks violence is bad and wrong.", "It plays an important role in ending violence.", "It is a knee-jerk judgment of people.", "It thinks violent people deserve less sympathy."], ["Because we should perform like a saint.", "Because love is absolutely the solution.", "Because our spiritual lives must remain devoted to that vision.", "Because they are first in suffering then choose violence, so they need love."], ["Human being is full of love.", "It is difficult and long way.", "Human being is easy to make friends.", "It's a problem to get love from an imperfect human being."], ["Violence Is Harmful to Us", "Love Can End Violence", "Change Our View of Violence", "Our Soul Needs Purifying"]], "questions": ["Which one is NOT true for moral view of violence?", "Why should violent people deserve sympathy?", "What's the meaning \"  _  \"?", "Which would be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "The moral view of violence, labeling it as bad and wrong, has done little to end it. The alternative view is to release our judgments and see violence for what it is: a form of suffering. This is a difficult change for many people. Not only are they in the habit of making knee-jerk  judgments, but violent people cause harm, and therefore their suffering seems to deserve less sympathy.\nYou hurt me, so why should I have sympathy for you? It should be the other way around. Does it take a saint  to make the change from strong anger to sympathy?\nTurning points arrive when we can make a choice not to suffer in silence. We then strike a soul bargain that is fearful but necessary. The bargain is that redemption  is possible through love.The absence of love is absolutely the problem, and love is absolutely the solution. We don't have to reach into another area to locate the magic power of love that is available to us here and now.\n _ The rule is constant work on the spiritual path to clear away the obstacles that prevent love from coming through us. The work is much more like working on blocked pipe system than it is like copying a saint.\nHope is the emotion that keeps this dogged work even when results seem to be slow or impossible. Can I love the terrorist who harms my country? Can I love the criminal who wants to harm me? At the level of the soul I already do, and the spiritual path is a means to arrive at that level.\nNo one is required to leap into sudden sympathy for terrorists, or even to announce publicly that our enemies deserve love. But in our souls each of us harbors the knowledge that only love is going to bring violence to an end. No matter how you and I live our outward lives, our spiritual lives must remain devoted to that vision.", "id": "high8876.txt"}