{"answers": ["B", "D", "D"], "options": [["How to use a mobile phone.", "Mobile phone rule.", "The disadvantages of mobile phones.", "Mobile phones -- making them work for us."], ["far from our satisfaction", "getting worse", "making people disappointed", "developing gradually"], ["Concentrate on what others say.", "Speak at the top of your voice in order to make yourself heard.", "Always turn off your mobile phones.", "Had better not distract others."]], "questions": ["What is the best title for this passage?", "According to this passage, we can know that the rules for mobile phones are  _  .", "Which of the tips on using mobile phones properly is mentioned in this passage?"], "article": "The mobile phone rule is just common polite behavior. Most people today have a mobile phone. In fact, many people can't imagine how they ever get along without them. However, many people also complain  about mobile phone users. People complain about other people loudly discussing personal matters in public places. They complain when mobile phones ring in movie theaters and concert halls. They complain about people driving too slow, and paying no attention to where they are going because they are talking  on a mobile phone. And they complain about people walking around talking to people who aren't there.\nWhenever a new communication technology becomes popular, it changes the way in which society is organized. Society has to invent rules for the polite way to use the new devices . Our rules of politeness for mobile phones are still evolving(;).\nThe mobile phone rule applies to most public places. Always try to have your phone ring as low as possible or put your mobile phone on the vibration  mode, so _ does not distract the people around you. The basic mobile phone rule includes:\n1. Switch it off: Turn it off when you have meetings, worship, and so on.\n2. Be brief: When you get a call and you're with friends, keep the call short.\n3. Permission: Often, it is correct and polite behavior to inform others at the beginning of the meeting that you are expecting an important call and get their permission.\n4. Be polite: Don't scream -- speak in a lower-than-normal voice.\n5. Don't distract: Avoid talking where you may be distracting to others.\n6. Driving: It is not only very dangerous, but also unlawful in most countries to drive and talk on your mobile phone.", "id": "high8879.txt"}