{"answers": ["A", "C", "C"], "options": [["An American high school's graduation ceremony", "The opening ceremony of a sports meeting.", "A presentation of college diplomas.", "A US college's farewell party."], ["She was one of the graduates.", "She was a foreign exchange student.", "She was excited to receive her diploma.", "She felt it great to be at the ceremony."], ["a diploma ensures a good job", "a diploma guarantees a bright future", "the commencement symbolizes the beginning of a new stage in life", "everyone felt excited at the presentation of the diploma"]], "questions": ["What's the article mainly about?", "Which of the following statements about the author is FALSE?", "From the text, we can conclude that  _  ."], "article": "Breathe, wave and smile. Along with more than 300 other seniors, I marched into the stadium on the afternoon of May 10. The audience burst into deafening cheers. The huge stadium shook with all the whistling and clapping.\nIt was as if a Hollywood superstar had walked on stage. And indeed, every single senior that day was a star of the moment. Each deserved it. The seniors had been preparing for four years for this once-in-a-lifetime moment--the commencement .\nSeated, I waited anxiously for the opening address. As a foreign exchange student, I was not able to receive a diploma. However, I still had the wonderful feeling of being part of things. Like the other graduates, I was dressed in marron cap and gown .\nOur principal, Mr. Glover, delivered a short, warm greeting. The US national anthem followed and then, hands on chests, a solemn Pledge of Allegiance .\nStudents who had excelled academically gave farewell speeches. The tears in some eyes convinced me that many had deep feelings about the occasion. It was as the class motto says, \"Life brings us tears, smiles and memories. The tears dry; the smiles fade; but the memories last forever.\"\nThen came the core   of the commencement. Hundreds of names were announced. Each graduate walked across the stage to receive his or her diploma from the principal. From the different cheers each graduate got, we had the funny sense that it was a kind of competition of who could cheer the loudest.\nTo be honest, the presentation of diplomas got boring. A girl sitting next to me even started yawning. But it wasn't boring for those receiving the diploma: they would treasure the moment the principal placed the sacred brown document in their hands for the rest of their lives.\nA new page in the book of that person's life had turned. They were glimpsing their futures: futures of challenge, hardship, perhaps loneliness too, which would take all of their courage.", "id": "high888.txt"}