{"answers": ["A", "C", "B", "A"], "options": [["get money and something they can't buy with money", "do what they want to do at any time", "enjoy health which makes them work hard", "take an active part in all kinds of activities every day"], ["think about getting a good job", "think of presents they don't like", "often spend time with close friends", "often spend time on entering the college"], ["remember the old days and troubles", "do some meaningful things for others", "go shopping to buy some food", "make much money and little success"], ["how to find happiness", "how to save happiness", "to do something good for others", "to value our beliefs or health"]], "questions": ["Some people who hold a high position in the government think they can   _  .", "The writer thinks the secret of happiness is that people   _  .", "Many people find it happy to   _  .", "The passage mainly tells us   _  ."], "article": "Happiness is important for everyone. Most people want to be happy but few know how to find happiness. Money and success don't bring lasting happiness. Happiness depends on ourselves. In other words, we make our own happiness.\nSome people believe that if they are _ , they will be able to do anything they want, which means happiness. On the other hand, some people believe that holding a high position in the government is happiness. In this way, you have not only money, but also many other things which can't be bought by money. However, other people believe that having lots of money is not happiness, nor is holding a high position in the government. These people value  their beliefs, or their intelligence, or their health. They think these can make them happy.\nHere are a few ways to help you be happier.\nThe first secret of happiness is to enjoy the simple things in life. Too often, we spend so much time thinking about the future, for example, getting into college or getting a good job, that we don't enjoy the present. You should enjoy life's simple pleasures, such as reading a good book, listening to your favorite music, or spending time with close friends. People who have close friends usually enjoy happier and healthier lives.\nThe second secret of happiness is to be active. Many people go dancing or play sports. People can forget about their problems and only think about the activities.\nFinally, many people find happiness in helping others. According to studies, people feel good when they volunteer their time to do many meaningful things for other people. If you want to feel happier, do something nice for someone. You can help a friend with his or her studies, go shopping to get food for an old neighbor, or simply help around the house.\nNow maybe you know how to find happiness!", "id": "high8896.txt"}