{"answers": ["D", "B", "C", "C"], "options": [["Golden Gate Bridge", "Sydney Opera House", "the Great Wall", "the pyramids"], ["UNESCO (  )", "the World Heritage Fund", "the 21 experts", "some countries"], ["People can still visit the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World today.", "Rosenwald School is a newly built school in Southern U.S.", "More places will be added to the UNESCO list.", "The list is decided mainly by the governments of different countries."], ["Seven Wonders of the Ancient World.", "21 Experts", "The Growing List of Wonders of the World.", "Some Historic Places in Danger"]], "questions": [".The Seven Wonders of the Ancient World include   _  .", "According to the passage,   _   may provide some money for protecting the cultural relics.", "Which of the following statements is true?", "What would be the best title for this passage?"], "article": "Although most people know there are Seven Wonders in the Ancient world, only few people can name them. This is because most of them are no longer there except the pyramids. However, there is a growing list of wonders of the world today.\nAbout nine years ago, UNESCO's World Cultural and Nature Heritage   List had 411 places and 136 countries were responsible to protect them, and the list keeps on growing. Usually it is the task of a group of 21 experts to decide which places go on the list. The experts are chosen to work for six years. Their work is to examine and discuss the suggestions from different countries. They also manage the World Heritage Fund  which can offer help to countries for protection work. Over the past centuries a lot of cultural or historic places have been destroyed by man or nature. Protecting our natural and cultural heritage is a long and difficult task. Earthquakes, floods, pollution, wars, or even tourism are some of the dangers that harm the heritage.\nWhen a historic place is in great danger, it is put on the World Heritage in Danger List and necessary things will be done to protect it. Places which are on the danger list include Historic Bridges of Indiana, St. Elizabeth's Hospital, Rosenwald School in Southern U.S., etc.", "id": "high8912.txt"}