{"answers": ["B", "A", "C"], "options": [["students who quit school will pay more for travel", "students may enjoy lower-price tickets when traveling", "students should have a longer summer vacation than ever", "students will be offered part-time jobs during the vacation"], ["Camp America offers jobs to students.", "Psychology students are good at saving money.", "Students had better choose a camp related to their future job.", "A camp is a good place to combine employment and vacation."], ["John, who got excellent academic records during his university years.", "Lily, who worked abroad as an au pair during summer vacations.", "Tom, who got working experience related to his future job in college.", "Mary, who got a degree after studying four years in a famous university."]], "questions": ["It can be inferred from the passage that  _  .", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the example of Hannah Warn?", "According to the passage, who is more likely to get a job after graduation?"], "article": "We all have fond memories of taking a few lazy months off after the stress of A-levels. So now that summer has arrived, let's take full advantage. It goes without saying that summer vacations are the perfect time to go traveling.\nTickets go up greatly when you turn 26, so make the most of cheaper rates while _ .\nOverseas volunteering won't amaze future employers, but it can be very useful. Finding a reliable   company that won't cheat you is important, as is discovering a program that interests you. There are plenty of websites where you can see other people's suggestions.\nOf course for most of us, money is tight. To avoid overspending you can combine employment and vacation. Hannah Warn, a psychology   student at the University of Winchester, is spending her summer at Camp America where students enjoy a good time on a summer camp. \"Being thrown into something where I don't really know what to expect is exciting,\" she says. \"It gives me a chance to experience being away from home in a different way.\"\nThose with a talent for languages might also consider working abroad as an au pair  . The work may be a chance to involve yourself in a new culture while your employer pays most of the bill.\nIf you have an idea of the sort of career you'd like, getting work experience is wise. In many careers, graduating with only your degree to show for your three or four years just won't make it. Send applications   off early and to as many places as possible. Make sure you take a well-earned break this summer.", "id": "high8923.txt"}