{"answers": ["D", "D", "A", "B"], "options": [["To collect the artworks of Van Gogh.", "To recall people's memory of Van Gogh.", "To collect experts' opinions on Van Gogh.", "To provide information about the artist's life and work."], ["How he began his career as a pastor.", "How those around Van Gogh affected his life.", "How he influenced his family and his friends.", "How Van Gogh has influenced today's society."], ["His artworks weren't well received during his lifetime.", "He once worked as a model for painters to make a living.", "His paintings were widely used as wallpapers for computers.", "People widely appreciated his artworks during his lifetime."], ["learn about Van Gogh's life", "welcome to the Van Gogh Gallery", "Van Gogh's information on younger artists.", "Welcome to an unbelievable collection of artworks."]], "questions": ["What's the function of the Van Gogh Gallery?", "What information can you get at the Cultural References?", "What can we infer about Van Gogh from the passage?", "What would be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "Welcome to the Van Gogh Gallery for information about the life and work of Vincent van Gogh. As a post impressionist painter and one of the most famous artists of all time, Vincent van Gogh has become a model. From growing up in Holland and working as a pastor , moving to France and creating an unbelievable collection of artwork, this site takes an in-depth look at Van Gogh's life , his work and the influence he has had on our culture.\nVan Gogh had many influences on his life including his family and friends, other artists such as Edgar Degas, and his health. To see how each of these affected his life please visit the Important Figures, Artistic Influences and Health sections. For information about how Van Gogh's art has influenced our society today, view the Impact on Art, Cultural References, or News section.\nIf you are interested in adding more Van Gogh to your life, the Van Gogh Gallery has plenty to offer. Download Van Gogh images of some of his most famous paintings as wallpaper for your computer, shop for Van Gogh posters or prints, or check out some of the additional resources available including links to Van Gogh museums and shows. There are even lesson plans from multidiscipline areas for those interested in educating others about Van Gogh's art and life.\nVan Gogh has influenced generations of young artists worldwide since his time. Today we can see his influence in painting, in poetry and in video. We are happy to display new examples of art that were influenced by Van Gogh in our Van Gogh Community Art section.\nTragically, Van Gogh died not knowing the praise his art would receive. He will be forever known as one of the greatest artists of the modern era. Through this website, the Van Gogh Gallery aims to share his life and heritage with the world.", "id": "high8929.txt"}