{"answers": ["D", "D", "B", "B", "C"], "options": [["To read English every day.", "To make a record of your mistakes.", "To buy a dictionary.", "To practice English every day and make a record of your achievements."], ["be patient", "make mistakes", "express your ideas in English", "understand everything all at once"], ["To communicate in English.", "To worry about making mistakes.", "To think about what has been done after classes.", "To make a record of your achievements."], ["Two ways.", "Three ways.", "Four ways.", "Five ways."], ["It is very important to learn a second language.", "Some people learn a second language easily while other people do not.", "There are ways to help you learn a second language more easily.", "Don't worry about making mistakes when learning a second language."]], "questions": ["What is important to learn English?", "When you learn English,you do not need to  _  .", "Which is NOT helpful for you to enjoy learning English?", "How many ways are given to learn English in the passage?", "What is the main idea of this passage?"], "article": "Some people learn a second language easily. Other people have trouble learning a new language. How can you help yourself learn a new language,such as English? There are several ways to make learning English a little easier and more interesting.\nThe first step is to feel confident about learning English. If you believe that you can learn,you will learn. Be patient. You do not have to understand everything all at once. It is natural to make mistakes when you learn something new. We can learn from our mistakes.\nThe second step is to practice your English. For example,write a journal every day. You will get used to writing in English,and you will feel comfortable expressing your ideas in English. After several weeks,you will see that your writing is improving. Besides,you must speak English every day. You can practice with your classmates outside class. You will all make mistakes,but gradually you will become comfortable communicating in English.\nThe third step is to keep a record of your language learning. You can write this in your journal. After each class,think about what you did. Did you answer a question correctly? Did you understand something the teacher explained? Perhaps the lesson was difficult,but you tried to understand it. Write these achievements in your journal.\nYou must be positive about learning English and believe that you can do it. It is important to practice every day and make a record of your achievements. You will enjoy learning English,and you will have more confidence in yourself.", "id": "high8939.txt"}