{"answers": ["B", "D", "B"], "options": [["Declaring when the UK is at war.", "Travelling around the world for charity projects.", "Inviting other world leaders to visit the UK.", "Signing Commonwealth documents every day."], ["he is popular in the UK", "many young British people do voluntary work", "he has tried to win young people's admiration", "the royal family is trying to change their image"], ["British people are all in favor of the royal family", "the British royal family are facing surviving challenges", "the public are encouraged to oppose the royal family", "British youths are required to teach English in Uruguay in their lives"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is NOT among formal duties of the Queen?", "Prince William is mentioned in the passage to show that   _  .", "We can infer from the passage that   _  ."], "article": "The British royal family is about to be slimmed down. The queen plans to reduce the number of real royals, as was recently announced. However, there seems little sign of the monarchy   disappearing completely.\nUp till the 17th century, the British king or queen was believed to rule by \"divine   right\", which was the idea that God chose the king or queen to rule and that he or she was therefore above the law. However, this idea ended with the English Revolution, in which King Charles I was imprisoned and then killed in 1649.\nSo what role does the British royal family have today?\nWell, the Queen has important formal duties: as Head of State, the Queen represents the UK on visits abroad and invites other world leaders to visit the UK. As Head of the Armed Forces, only the Queen can declare when the UK is at war or when war is over. The Queen also has constitutional duties: She has to sign many government and Commonwealth documents every day.\nIn addition, the royal family spends a great deal of its time traveling up and down the country in support of different charity projects. But the public in Britain do not believe there should be a royal family. Sometimes, the press and media criticize the royal family as well. One criticism is that British people should not have to pay for the royal family through their taxes.\nToday, the royal family works hard to be relevant in the modern world. The queen's speech on TV is less formal every Christmas, and is now available as a podcast  . In 2005, after graduation from university, Prince William spent time teaching English in Uruguay, the sort of work many young British people do at some time in their lives.", "id": "high8950.txt"}