{"answers": ["B", "C", "C", "A"], "options": [["those who are hardworking", "those who consider work the center of their life", "those who keep themselves healthy and alive", "those who live a busy, successful and happy life"], ["Don't be food-skippers", "Don't have your behinds stuck on your chairs", "Make up for lost sleep whenever possible", "Make sure of time available for your family"], ["working on only one or two things each day", "finishing a number of things at once", "organizing your time and finishing urgent things first", "accomplishing as much work as possible at any given moment"], ["WORK TO LIVE", "LIVE TO WORK", "MAKE WORK YOUR LIFE", "STOP TO ENJOY WORKING"]], "questions": ["The passage is intended for   _  .", "According to the passage, which of the following is not mentioned as a practical tip for a  workaholic?", "By making a plan, the author mean   _  .", "If there were one more tip, it could be   _  ."], "article": "Here are a few tips to help you, the workaholic, re-focus and get the best out of life.\nEIGHT HOURS OF SLEEP! Make it a point to get at least eight hours of sleep and plenty of rest. Don't believe that you can always \"catch some sleep or rest later.\" Your body cannot make up for lost sleep or rest time because it is not physiologically possible.\nSTRICTLY FAMILY ON WEEKENDS! Resolve to make Saturdays and Sundays strictly for family time. And stick to this! Mondays until Fridays you make an excuse not to relax and spend time with your family because it's work time, why not make a similar excuse for Saturdays and Sundays? \"I can't work today because I'm spending time with my family.\"\nGET SOME FOOD IN! Make sure you get food in your stomach. Workaholics are known to be food-skippers. If you can't afford to get off your desk or from doing paperwork, have food delivered to you. It's always a good idea if you have crackers on your drawer to ease the hunger pangs.\nCONFINE WORK! Resolve to _ work in your office. Don't bring work to your home! Keep those files in your office desk where they belong. Practice working only within your working hours. If you have an eight-to-five working schedule, stick to it.\nWORK UP THOSE MUSCLES! Exercise, exercise, exercise! Set aside at least an hour each day or every other day for exercise. You body needs to be conditioned, and working non-stop isn't going to give it the proper physical conditioning it needs. Since most workaholics tend to have their behinds stuck on their chairs, it's even more important that you get some exercise.\nMAKE A PLAN! Plan your day. Work on only one or two things at a time. It's much easier to work on something and finish it first and then move on to the next rather than do a number of things all at the same time and never finish or accomplish anything at the end of the day. Make out a list of priorities. Write down things that need to be worked on immediately or are urgent, keeping the least ones at the bottom of your list. After you've done this, be guided by this list. Turning this activity into a habit will also help you manage your time better, be more organized, and accomplish more.", "id": "high8955.txt"}