{"answers": ["A", "C"], "options": [["showing inferiority in another person or group", "resulting in a sense of success", "having a good opinion of other people", "making people laugh unexpectedly"], ["Make a sad situation into a pleasant one.", "Make different things happen at the same time.", "Make an unexpected thing happen in an expected situation.", "Make people laugh at something unusual and out of place."]], "questions": ["According to Aristotle, all jokes depend mainly on  _  .", "What will a good joketeller always try to do?"], "article": "What is it that makes people laugh? More than two thousand years ago the ancient Greek philosopher Aristotle defined   jokes as the pleasure that results from a feeling of triumph by showing we're better than someone else in a certain way. According to Aristotle and many other philosophers, all jokes depend mainly on showing inferiority in another person or group of persons--that is, putting it clearly, on showing that they are worse off than ourselves. Jokes raise our good opinion of ourselves at someone else's expense.\nShowing how much better than other people we are is only one reason we like jokes. Someone may also use a joke to express their anger or their cruelty or any other kind of action that is not acceptable to us. We feel free to laugh when we hear about someone sliding on a banana skin. The joke lets us express those attitudes which are usually unacceptable to society. This is probably the reason why some of the jokes, especially those involving cruelty, are so popular with certain people.\nBesides, all jokes depend on our enjoyment of laughing at something that is strange and out of place because it's different from things which are happening around it. The same situation can be either sad or pleasant, depending entirely on how strange and out of place it is. If a girl in a bathing suit falls into a swimming pool, we don't laugh because nothing unusual has happened. But if a man in a smart suit falls in, the situation is at once unusual in a pleasant way and we laugh. A good joketeller will always try to build up a situation in which one thing is expected until something unexpected suddenly happens, and so we laugh.", "id": "high8964.txt"}