{"answers": ["B", "D"], "options": [["helps save sea water a lot", "suits different conditions", "is completely different from greenhouse agriculture", "suits the production of corn"], ["Development of indoor farming.", "Great Revolution in farming.", "Advantages of indoor farming.", "Sunless, rainless indoor farming."]], "questions": ["It can be inferred from the text that Gertjan Meeuws's farming  _  .", "What is the text mainly about?"], "article": "Farming is moving indoors, where the sun never shines, where rainfall is irrelevant and where the climate is always right. The perfect crop field could be inside a windowless building with controlled light, temperature, wetness, air quality and nutrition. It could be in a New York high-rise or a sprawling complex   in the Saudi desert. It may be an answer to the world's food problems.\nThe world is already having trouble feeding itself. Half the people on Earth live in cities, and nearly half of those--about 3 billion--are hungry or ill-fed. Food prices, currently increasing, are _ by dryness, floods and the cost of energy required to plant, harvest and transport. And prices will only get more unstable. Climate change makes long-term crop planning uncertain. Farmers in many parts of the world are already using water available to the last drop. And the world is getting more crowded: by mid-century, the global population will grow from 6. 8 billion to 9 billion.\nTo feed so many people may require expanding farmland at the expense of forests and wilderness, or finding ways to completely increase crop output.\nGertjan Meeuws has taken the concept of a greenhouse a step further, growing vegetables and house plants in enclosed  and regulated environments. In their research station, water flows into the pans when needed, and the temperature is kept constant. Lights go on and off, creating similar day and night, but according to the rhythm of the plant.\nA building of 100 square meters and 14 layers  of plants could provide a daily diet of 200 grams of fresh fruit and vegetables to the entire population of Den Bosch, about 140, 000 people. Their idea is not to grow foods that require much space, like corn or potatoes.\nHere sunlight is not only unnecessary but can be harmful. Plants need only specific wavelengths of light to grow. Their growth rate is three times faster than under greenhouse conditions. They use about 90 percent less water than outdoors agriculture. And city farming means producing food near the consumer, and there's no need to transport it long distances.", "id": "high8984.txt"}