{"answers": ["D", "C", "B"], "options": [["The sunset.", "The car or boat of the home owner.", "The pet of the home owner.", "A gathering in his neighborhood."], ["trying to know each other", "surfing the Internet for information", "inviting your neighbors home for tea", "finding someone who wants to visit your area"], ["In a story book.", "In a guide book.", "In a textbook.", "In a science book."]], "questions": ["What will you most probably remember if you have exchanged your home with another?", "If you want to exchange your home with another, you should do all of the following EXCEPT  _  .", "Where can you most probably find the passage?"], "article": "You might not want a holiday in your hometown, but there is probably someone who does. And, in exchange, you could have a cheap vacation anywhere in the world.\nJust picture the scene: you're watching the sunset from the balcony of a Caribbean island house. It's large. And it's free as long as you don't mind the owners living in your home at the same time.\nAll you need to be a home-swapper is the Internet and a rough idea of when and where you want to go on holiday. When you find someone whose dates match yours, and who wants to visit your area, you're all set to swap.\nThe advantages are numerous: you can save a fortune in accommodation cost. You could get to use the owners' car, boat, bikes, pool or gym. You might even be able to come to an arrangement about looking after each other's pets!\nYou also get to live like a local, and you might be invited around to neighbors' homes for tea, barbecues and tips on the area. People say that these cultural experiences are the memories that last. Plus, instead of one tiny hotel room, you have an entire house where you can make yourself at home. And it's not cold and impersonal like a hotel room.\nOf course, there are disadvantages. A lot of effort and communication are needed before the arrangements are finalized. Nobody wants a stranger living in their house, sleeping in their bed and using their bathroom, so you have to get to know each other well beforehand.\nSome people are concerned about theft or property damage, but in reality this is very rare. Most home-exchangers have the view that \"If they can trust me with their house, I can trust them with mine.\" The worse complaint people have is the difference in standards of cleanness.\nIf you're interested in home-exchange for your next holiday, start by contacting a famous agency like homelink.org and intervac,co.uk. These agencies will also have advice about preparing for a home-exchange.", "id": "high8998.txt"}