{"answers": ["D", "C", "C"], "options": [["trying to please her boss", "changing a girl's bad behavior", "improving her communication skills", "dealing with a teenage girl staying in her house"], ["Because he was too busy to take care of his daughter", "Because he wanted his daughter to take a holiday there", "Because he wanted his daughter to improve her English in this way", "Because he wanted the writer to teach his daughter good manners ."], ["the writer had known the daughter was hard to deal with", "the daughter learnt to behave well in the end", "the writer didn't enjoy the daughter's stay", "the daughter hated dealing with others"]], "questions": ["This passage is mainly about the writer's experience of  _  .", "Why did the boss want his daughter to stay with the writer ?", "After reading the passage , we learn that  _  ."], "article": "My boss's daughter was studying in the Philippines. He asked me if my husband and I could take care of her. He thought his daughter would be able to improve her English communication skills in this way.\nAfter days of thinking, we agreed. He then brought her here and left after 3 days. I thought that my boss's daughter was well-mannered, but that was wrong.\nAfter a month of staying in the Philippines, she started to show her true colors. When my husband asked her what she wanted for breakfast, she answered him in a rude way. From then on, we experienced fights at home. There was a time when we didn't talk to her for a week as a punishment of not being good to us. What I hated most was that she didn't care about other people's feelings. She ate ahead of us when we were still working and didn't leave anything for us. So we had to separate her food from ours to avoid such a problem.\nThe worst thing about her was that she shouted at us. I was wondering if she did this to her parents. We told this to her parents, but unfortunately I didn't think _ solved the problem. This situation lasted for almost 8 months. Our patience was tested during that time.\nWe tried to teach her everything we could to make her a better person, but I guess 8 months may not to be enough. We even tried to understand her and adjust for her, but it didn't work. I just hope that she learned something from us and from other Filipinos.", "id": "high900.txt"}