{"answers": ["A", "C", "A", "B"], "options": [["the structure of his eyes will keep the same as before", "it is harmful", "the structure of his eyes will be changed", "he will lose sight"], ["his eyes will be weakened", "he will suffer a lot from the loss of vision", "it will make no difference to his eyes", "the structure of his eyes will be changed"], ["can transfer certain parts of the eye in a new person", "can transplant the whole eye in a new person", "still can't do eye transplant even certain parts of the eye", "know almost nothing about eyes"], ["explain wearing glasses is no harm to children", "correct people's wrong beliefs about eyes", "explain the importance of protecting our eyes", "imagine what doctors can do with the eye in the future"]], "questions": ["If a child wears appropriate glasses,   _  .", "If an adult wears inappropriate glasses,   _  .", "With the technology we now have, doctors  _  .", "The author of the passage tends to   _  ."], "article": "There are many commonly held beliefs about eye glasses and eyesight that are not proven facts. For instance, some people believe that wearing glasses too soon weakens the eyes. But there is no evidence to show that the structure of eyes is changed by wearing glasses at a young age. Wearing the wrong glasses, however, can prove harmful. Studies show that for adults there is no danger, but children can develop loss of vision if they have glasses inappropriate for their eyes.\nWe have all heard some of the common myths about how eyesight gets bad. Most people believe that reading in dim light causes poor eyesight, but that is untrue. Too little light makes the eyes work harder, so they do get tired and strained. Eyestrain also results from reading a lot, reading in bed, and watching too much television. However, although eyestrain may cause some pain or headaches, it does not permanently damage eyesight.\nAnother myth about eyes is that they can be replaced, or transferred from one person to another. They are close to one million nerve fibers  that connect the eyeball to the brain, so it is impossible to attach them all in a new person. Only certain parts of the eye can be replaced. But if we keep clearing up the myths and learning more about the eyes, some day a full transplant may be possible.", "id": "high9053.txt"}