{"answers": ["B", "C", "D", "D"], "options": [["They can help the clients to train teen models in a short time.", "They can offer teen models that cost clients less money.", "They can make the products look much better.", "They can advertise for the clients and cost them less money."], ["find modeling agencies", "look through newspapers", "make use of online modeling sites", "advertise on the Internet"], ["looking for teen models", "judging good teen models", "hiring good teen models", "working as a middleman"], ["beat the other models", "become famous in the future", "make a lot of money for future use", "have an advantage from the beginning"]], "questions": ["What is the main advantage of online modeling agencies?", "To hire teen models, the clients are advised to  _  .", "According to the author, the agency plays a part of  _  .", "The online modeling sites can offer teen models a good chance to  _  ."], "article": "Teen models are not difficult to find. An online agency features both models young as well as older. Those who are looking for child models to show off their products and make them look better can find what they are looking for by hiring children models from these online modeling agencies. This is less expensive than trying to go through large modeling agencies that often cost thousands of dollars for the client .\nMany of those who are selling children's products and have websites for parents and children are looking for teen models. As a result, there is more of a need for young models to participate in the field of modeling. The best way for clients to hire models that will not end up costing them a fortune is to use an online modeling site. An online modeling site will have portfolios  of models young as well as old. Someone who is looking for teen models can find a variety of different children when they take a look at these sites.\nOnline teen models usually work for less money than offline models, although they are still paid well enough to make it worth their while to model. Clients who are looking for young models can go on an online modeling agency to look for portfolios of the teens that they will want to use in their advertising campaigns. Parents or guardians must agree to the modeling offers and the agency will act as a go-between for both the teen models as well as the clients who are looking for young models.\nClients can look through portfolios for the young models and get the ones that are right for what they are looking for to advertise for them. It is now affordable for anyone to hire teen models when using an online modeling agency site. Parents of young models can also use these sites to get their teens a chance to get a head start in the world of modeling.", "id": "high9054.txt"}