{"answers": ["D"], "options": [["She thinks that her parents'families have a lot in common with each other.", "She believes that her mother and father's families should learn from each other.", "She prefers her father's family's casual way of celebrating Thanksgiving to her mother's family's way.", "She enjoys spending time both of her parents'families although they are quite different."]], "questions": ["What does the author think of her parents'families?"], "article": "The winter holiday season is the busiest time of the year in the US, and Thanksgiving is the one holiday this time of year that doesn't get the attention it deserves -- it is often overshadowed by Christmas. However, I still feel the festive atmosphere in my family.\nEach year, I attend not just one Thanksgiving dinner, but typically between three and four. Thanksgiving lasts all throughout the second half of the week. I travel to different houses to spend time with different parts of my family. We usually eat a giant amount of traditional Thanksgiving foods such as deviled eggs, ham, green beans, potatoes, and breads. We don't eat the traditional turkey like many families do, but we have just about everything else that someone would want to eat.\nAfter eating, we sit around and chat. Usually someone has brought a guest, such as a new boyfriend/girlfriend or a new baby, so there's always a chance to get to know the new family member, as well as catching up with family that I haven't seen for a long time.\nMy extended families are very different, which makes for different holiday experiences. My other's family is very polite and quiet, and that makes the dinner with them seem very formal. My father's family is the opposite. They're loud and don't even try to control what words come out of their mouths. Their Thanksgiving usually includes yelling at whatever football game is on the television. It's very casual and relaxed. Either way, it's nice to be able to see my family and spend time with them.\nIn my eyes, Thanksgiving is a holiday based on being thankful for what you have, spending tine with family, and eating a lot more food than you probably should. Not all these things go with its history, but it makes for a nice tradition.", "id": "high9078.txt"}