{"answers": ["C", "A", "B"], "options": [["make a snowman", "throw snowballs", "go skating", "go skiing"], ["responsible", "modest", "anxious", "thankful"], ["The apartments were built as the developer had planned.", "The grown-up boy helped to protect the wetlands as an expert.", "The developer stopped the boy's plan at the meeting years ago.", "The ponds were filled in and some apartments were built on them."]], "questions": ["The kids liked to   _   at the local ponds in winter.", "The boy thought that the town officials should be   _   for the citizens.", "Which statement is true according to the passage?"], "article": "Years ago there was a group of kids who would hang around at some local ponds  in the woods near their houses in Warwick, Rhode Island. In summer they caught frogs and fish. When winter arrived they couldn't wait to go skating. Time passed, and the ponds became the only open space for the kids to enjoy themselves in that neighborhood.\nOne day a thirteen-year-old boy from this group of kids read in the local newspaper that a developer wanted to fill in the ponds and build over a hundred small houses called apartments. So the boy went door to door and gathered more than two hundred signatures to stop the development. A group of citizens met and decided to support him.\nAt the meeting of the town planning organization,the boy was quite nervous at first and spoke very softly. But when he saw the faces of his friends and neighbors in the crowd and thought about what was happening to their favorite ponds,his voice grew louder. He told the town officials that they should speak for the citizens. He also insisted that they should leave enough space for children. A few days later,the developer stopped his plan.\nNine years later, when that teen was a senior in college, he was informed that the developer was back with his proposal to build apartments. Now twenty-two years old, he was studying wetlands ecology. He again appeared before the town planning organization. This time as an expert, he used environmental protection laws to explain _ on development in and around wetlands and the knowledge of wetlands ecology to help to improve the development. Finally some apartments were built, but less than half the number the developer wanted. The ponds where those kids used to hang around were protected by a piece of natural land, and are still there today.", "id": "high9106.txt"}