{"answers": ["B", "A", "C"], "options": [["give nutritious food", "stay away from the animals", "stand close", "use tools"], ["checking the seal", "hunting the animals", "following the traveler", "observing the traveler"], ["Protecting Wild Animals", "Traveling in South Africa", "A Safari Park in South Africa", "Wild Animals in South Africa"]], "questions": ["When travelers feed the animals, they should   _  .", "The government knows whether the gun is fired by the traveler or not by   _  .", "What is the best title of this passage?"], "article": "A safari park is a park in which wild animals are kept. They are mainly located in east or central Africa. They often occupy a very wild area, with mountains and rivers. To visit the park and look at the animals, people have to drive around in a car for a few of hours because the park is huge.\nIn south Africa there is a safari park, which contains all sorts of wild animals like lions, elephants, rhinoceroses, zebras, wild pigs, deer and giraffes.\nThere is a wild road leading through the park, but nobody is permitted to walk on the road. Anyone traveling in the park has to go in a car because wild animals may fiercely attack people. From the car he may see almost every types of African wildlife. Some of these are getting rare because people kill them for various reasons. For example, rhinoceroses are killed for their horns, which are used in traditional Chinese medicines for colds and headaches. Perhaps they will be seen only in museums and books one day.\nTravels may purchase food for the animals. They can feed them when they tour the park. Of course, they should not feed them in a close distance because the wild animals may attack people. In addition, they should only give proper food to the animals.\nA traveler may carry a gun with him in his journey. The gun is given to him by the government. However, it is not used for hunting. In fact, a seal  is fixed to it. The traveler may fire at a wild beast to defend himself in case he is attacked. However, he has to prove to the government that he has been attacked and that he has not fired at a harmless animal.", "id": "high9108.txt"}