{"answers": ["A", "C", "D"], "options": [["The argument over salt and health.", "Less salt, fewer heart attacks.", "National campaign for less salt.", "Bad effects of salt."], ["He is a high blood pressure expert.", "He says eating less salt results in lower blood pressure.", "He agrees lowering salt means fewer heart attacks or strokes.", "He is a professor at Albert Einstein College of Medicine in New York."], ["He is a nutrition and kidney disease expert.", "His team found that most people around the world eat about the same amount of salt.", "He says the worldwide similarity suggests that a person's brain might decide how much salt to eat.", "He says he receives no money from the Salt Institute."]], "questions": ["What's the best title of the passage?", "Which of the following about Michael Alderman is NOT TRUE?", "Which of the following about David McCarron is NOT TRUE?"], "article": "Last month we reported about a study that showed eating even a little less salt could greatly help the heart. The study was published in the New England Journal of Medicine. The scientists used a computer model to predict how just three grams less salt a day would affect heart disease in the United States.\nThe scientists said the results would be thirteen percent fewer heart attacks, eight percent fewer strokes , four percent fewer deaths and eleven percent fewer new cases of heart disease And two hundred forty billion dollars in health care savings. Researchers said it could prevent one hundred thousand heart attacks and ninety-two thousand deaths every year.\nThey and public health professionals in the United States are interested in a national campaign to persuade people to eat less salt. Such campaigns are already in place in Britain, Japan and Finland.\nMichael Alderman is among the critics. He is a high blood pressure expert and professor at Albert Einstein College of Medicine in New York. Doctor Alderman says that eating less salt results in lower blood pressure. But he says studies have not clearly shown that lowering salt means fewer heart attacks or strokes. And he says salt has other biological effects. He says calling for reduction in the national diet could have good effects, but it could also have harmful results. He says there is not enough evidence _ .\nAnother critic is David McCarron, a nutrition and kidney disease expert at the University of California, Davis. He and his team looked at large studies of diets in thirty-three countries. They found that most people around the world eat about the same amount of salt. Most of them eat more salt than American health officials advise. Doctor McCarron says the worldwide similarity suggests that a person's brain might decide how much salt to eat.\nBoth Doctor McCarron and Doctor Alderman have connections to the Salt Institute, a trade group for the salt industry. Doctor Alderman is a member of an advisory committee. But he says he receives no money from the group. Doctor McCarron is paid for offering advice to the Salt Institute.", "id": "high9113.txt"}