{"answers": ["D", "B", "D"], "options": [["he often ran away from home", "he couldn't get along well with others", "he often performed badly in his school", "he had to learn to keep the farm"], ["Australia--Europe--America.", "England--Australia--America.", "Ireland--America--England.", "Australia--Sweden--England."], ["An Irishman travels abroad", "How my father got a job in England", "My father's escape from his home", "Experience of my father's struggle"]], "questions": ["The father dropped out of school mainly because  _  .", "Which of the following can show the track of the father's struggle?", "What's the best title for this passage?"], "article": "My father was born on a farm in Tipperary, Ireland. He was the fourth child out of eight children.\nMy father was the oldest boy so the majority of the responsibility fell upon his shoulders to complete the farm work. He attended school until the fourth grade; his father pulled him out of school to work on the farm permanently  , though he hated it. Though supposed to _ the farm, my father had other plans. At sixteen he left home for England.\nHe left without telling his parents anything. He eventually became very homesick and missed his mother greatly. He came back to Ireland and worked on the farm until he was eighteen. He got tired of the farm and left home for England again. He worked as a construction worker for five years, and then a part-time actor. But he couldn't get a decent   job because he was Irish. Many times he would walk into an interview and read a sign saying, \"The Irish need not apply.\"\nHe was twenty years old with no family and limited friends in a foreign country that didn't want him. Once he was able to work again my father decided to save money to move to Australia. He lived in a house with a fellow Irishman, a Swede, an Englishman, and an Austrian for five years becoming a successful salesman. He bought a beach house for himself in Sydney. He then traveled through Europe visiting his family in Ireland.\nIn 1975 my father came to America as an illegal immigrant  . My father with a friend of his drove across the country to Los Angeles with the dream of becoming Hollywood stars. My father lived in his car for the first few months in Los Angeles, and worked as a used car salesman. After two years of living in Los Angeles, he became documented. He met my mother and started a family. My parents have kept the family in Los Angeles, and just three years ago my father became a U.S. citizen.", "id": "high9115.txt"}