{"answers": ["B", "D", "B"], "options": [["make the Beijing Olympics more interesting.", "show its great achievements to the world.", "prove that China is a developed country.", "introduce its science and technology to the world."], ["China sent its first manned spacecraft in October of 2003.", "Chinese engineers want to make more preparations for Shenzhou 7.", "The spacesuit for the flight of Shenzhou 7 hasn't been prepared well.", "Two Chinese astronauts walked in space in 2003."], ["The Beijing Olympics.", "The Shenzhou Olympics.", "China's Shenzhou Program.", "Spacewalk in 2008."]], "questions": ["China has decided to carry out its human spaceflight in 2008 in order to   _  .", "Which one of the following is WRONG according to this passage?", "What would be the best title for this passage?"], "article": "China has now mapped out plans for its next four launches in the Shenzhou program on the next flight. But one conclusion seems to have escaped most reports in the aerospace media. The flight of Shenzhou 7 could be timed to coincide with the Beijing Olympics. Plans for the 2008 Summer Olympics call for the events to be held between the 8th and 24th of August. It's reasonable to expect that China will use the event to promote its achievements before the world, and human spaceflight is China's most significant recent breakthrough.\nShenzhou 7, China's next manned space mission, was originally advertised for 2007. This fit into the pattern of staging a two-year gap between crewed Shenzhou missions, which have previously launched in 2003 and 2005. But Chinese media statements have recently _ this to 2008. Chinese media have reported that while the overall program is going well, more time is needed to work on the spacesuit that will be used on this flight to stage China's first spacewalk. It's possible that Chinese engineers want to make best preparations for this complex mission.\nChina could intend to carry out the mission of Shenzhou 7 just as media attention is focused on the lead-up to the Olympics. The crew of the flight, and possibly China's other flown astronauts, could then take part in the opening ceremony. China has previously feted her space travellers in great celebrations, such as the Hong Kong event that saw Yang Liwei singing with actor Jacky Chan.\nChina has also suggested that the activity will be carried out by a single astronaut, and has indicated that half an hour is a rough estimate of the planned time for the spacewalk. China is apparently following suit, probably for the same reasons of conservative mission planning and safety.", "id": "high9119.txt"}