{"answers": ["C", "C"], "options": [["Nuclear energy doesn't produce any greenhouse gases.", "Nuclear energy can help prevent the climate damage.", "Nuclear energy is more environmental-friendly than other green energy sources.", "Nuclear energy can save the consumers some money, compared to other renewable energies."], ["To highlight the danger of using nuclear energy.", "To introduce some serious nuclear disasters.", "To show the argument between nuclear supporters and protesters.", "To give some advice on how to use nuclear energy safely."]], "questions": ["Which of the following may NOT be the advantage of nuclear energy over other energy sources?", "What is the author's purpose of writing the passage?"], "article": "Nuclear energy has always been controversial. But since the tsunami and nuclear disaster in Fukushima (Japan) last year the issue is back in the headlines. And the world is divided-- some countries are planning more nuclear plants, while others have promised to shut theirs down.\nAfter Fukushima, Germany decided to switch off all its nuclear plants by 2022. Switzerland and Italy are also phasing out nuclear power. But France and the United States remain staunch supporters of atomic energy. In fact, almost 80% of France's electricity comes from nuclear power, the highest percentage in the world. And in the US, the Obama administration said it \"continues to support the expansion of nuclear power, despite the crisis in Japan.\"\nNuclear supporters claim nuclear power can help the environment. Unlike fossil fuels, nuclear power doesn't create greenhouse gases. So, pro-nuclear countries argue that nuclear power allows them to generate energy without contributing to climate change. Britain's chief scientific adviser (John Beddington) supports this view. He recently said that the world doesn't have the luxury of ignoring nuclear energy.\nNuclear power is also relatively cheap. Renewable energy sources such as solar, hydro and wind power may be clean, but they're expensive; and right now, they require a lot of investment. This higher cost of using \"green energy\" is usually passed onto the consumer. So, while many people may prefer their energy to come from a renewable source, not so many are prepared to pay higher energy bills. _ is of particular concern while the world economy is in such bad shape.\nThe main argument against nuclear energy is that it isn't safe. For a start, nuclear waste is very difficult to dispose of, and remains toxic to humans for thousands of years. And even before Fukushima, there were several high-profile nuclear disasters. The most famous is probably the 1986 Chernobyl disaster, in the Ukraine. The radiation from the meltdown spread all over Europe, affecting thousands.\nThe nuclear energy issue is very complex. And it doesn't look like it'll be resolved anytime soon. As a Japanese commentator recently said, \"it's been a bad year for the 'nuclear village', but I don't think they're down and out yet.\" The battle continues.", "id": "high912.txt"}