{"answers": ["D", "C", "A"], "options": [["Vanellus is the biggest shepherd hut around the nature reserve.", "Tourists cannot continue to use their electronic devices in the hut.", "People can either walk or cycle to travel around the nature reserve.", "The shepherd hut provides different dining options for the tourists."], ["Great Langdale", "Vanellus", "The Cabin", "Guilden Gate Glamping"], ["Great Langdale", "Vanellus", "The Cabin", "Guilden Gate Glamping"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is correct about Vanellus?", "Joseph plans to have an eco-friendly travel. Which of the site is suitable to him?", "A family of 6 (grandparents, parents and twins) wants to go for winter camping for 4 days. Which of the site is cheapest?"], "article": "From cosy cabins and yurts to campervans and huts with character and mod-cons, winter camping can be cool, rather than just chilly, in these beautiful UK settings.\nGreat Langdale, Cumbria\nWinner of the Great Outdoors accommodation of the year award 2014, this campsite at the head of a valley is a beautiful spot for winter walks. But while hiking should keep you warm by day, a selection of cosy hideaways will keep you _ at night. Visitors can choose from double-glazed wooden camping pods, which include heating and lighting or, for those who want a more boutique outdoors experience, luxury yurts furnished with Moroccan-style rugs and throws, fairy lights, lanterns and a wood-burning stove. And with the Sticklebarn pub - known for its real ales and good local grub - nearby, you should be able to slip into a pretty comfortable routine in no time.\nStandard pods from PS35 a night (two adults, one child), 01539 432733, nationaltrust.org.uk\nVanellus, Elmley national nature reserve, Isle of Sheppey, Kent\nIn the stunning surroundings of the Isle of Sheppey nature reserve, Vanellus is a large shepherd's hut. From the comfort of your abode (which is hooked up to electricity), you can gaze out through floor-to-ceiling windows as the sun rises and sets, watching birds of prey and other wildlife. The reserve can be explored on foot, or you can book a 4WD tour of the area. The farm has a lounge in a converted barn, where you can hang out or eat communally, but if you really can't bear to step into the cold, you can have meals - including hot bacon rolls for breakfast - delivered to your door.\nFrom PS180 for a two-night stay (sleeps two), 0117 204 7830, canopyandstars.co.uk\nThe Cabin at NantyrOnnen, near Llandovery, Wales\nThe Cabin is an unusual octagonal wood structure, built by local craftsmen keen to make an eco-friendly home. The electricity supply, for example, is powered by the nearby stream. From the sheltered veranda you can enjoy views across the hills, and the surrounding countryside is perfect for walking all year round. Inside the cosy hut is a wood-burning stove, and you can also warm up in a recently built spring-fed hot tub.\nFrom PS85 a night throughout December (sleeps two), mulled wine available 15 Dec-4 Jan, 0117 204 7830, canopyandstars.co.uk\nGuilden Gate Glamping, Hertfordshire\nJust 35 minutes by train from London, the Guilden Gate campsite is ideal for an easy rural family escape from the capital. Set in a woodland glade, a campervan is your main bedroom, and a bell tent can act as another bedroom, or a lounge. There's also a huge wok-shaped hot tub, big enough for six adults. The site is close to Cambridge (20 minutes' drive), so you can explore the city by day - if the icy countryside gets too much.\nFrom PS65 a night (sleeps four, minimum two-night stay), 01763 243960, goglamping.net", "id": "high9142.txt"}