{"answers": ["B", "C", "D", "D", "A"], "options": [["the arts to praise children", "the ways to help children develop ability", "the ways to evaluate children's ability", "the proper ways to help children deal with failure"], ["Well done!", "You are the best!", "You are really careful!", "You'd better do as I do."], ["getting their children's hands dirty", "not realizing the harmful effect of failure", "putting themselves into children's shoes", "telling their children how competent they are"], ["By asking and answering questions.", "By introducing different opinions.", "By listing examples.", "By giving explanations."], ["Education", "Health and Fitness", "Home and Garden", "Careers"]], "questions": ["The passage is mainly about  _  .", "What should parents say to help children gain value from their experiences?", "Parents often make a mistake by   _  .", "How did the writer develop the passage?", "In which section of a newspaper can you find this passage?"], "article": "In recent years, our parenting culture began to send the message that competence  was important for building self-confidence. However, that same parenting culture made a big mistake by telling parents they should tell their children how competent they were. Children can't be convinced that they are competent. Only your children can build their sense of competence.\nHowever, you can do several things to encourage them to develop their own competence. First, you can give them opportunities to gain a sense of competence. You should allow your children to \"get their hands dirty\" in the daily life and find out what they are capable of.\nThese daily experiences allow your children to develop specific competencies that will be helpful to them as they grow up. Also, the more individual competencies children develop, the more they will view themselves as globally competent people.\nSecond, you can be sure that they gain the most value from their experiences. You can direct their focus to the competences that enabled those successes rather than some generic  praise of the accomplishment itself. And you can also praise their accomplishments.\nA great difficulty for parents is allowing their children to be wrong or do something poorly in the mistaken belief that these experiences will hurt their sense of competence. In fact, whether they do it well isn't important because success isn't really the goal. Instead, the goal is their willingness to keep trying.\nAnother mistake that parents make is that, after being unsuccessful when their children first try something, they try to correct them so they will succeed the next time they try. That's not to say that you can't lend a hand when they are struggling. But let them take the lead; if they really want your help, they'll ask for it.", "id": "high9144.txt"}