{"answers": ["D", "C", "C"], "options": [["he importance of cell phones", "how annoying her daughter is", "what stress her daughter has created", "teenagers' constant connection to cell phones"], ["It stops teenagers from feeling alone.", "It improves teenagers' work efficiency.", "It forces teenagers to do several things at the same time.", "It breaks teenagers' connection with former generations."], ["Unconcerned", "Uncertain", "Disapproving", "Disappointed"]], "questions": ["The author mentions her daughter to show  _  .", "How does the overuse of cell phones affect teenagers?", "What's the author's attitude towards teenagers' constant connection to cell phone?"], "article": "Teenagers spend too much time using their cell phones and being connected online these days! Is this a new way to be more social or, does the technology really make them unsocial? And how will this constant connection affect them?\nMy daughter who is fifteen years old has a smart cell phone which means that she is constantly connected to the Internet and of course Facebook. To be around her means that you have to listen to constant \"beeps\" and sounds from the cell phone when her friends update their status. It makes me really stressed. But that is me. For my daughter, the cell phone is an extension to her body. She sleeps with her cell phone on the pillow; she eats with her cell phone nearby; She even takes the cell phone to the bathroom.\nFor the generation who has grown up with the Internet and cell phones, it is important for them to stay close to their cell phones. They get stressed when they are disconnected! And most of them haven't experienced a life without cell phones. For them, being offline or not having a cell phone is like being totally isolated . And when they get online after a long disconnection they are so stressed out, because they have so much catching-up to do!\nSo how is this constant connection affecting the new generation who has been born with the opportunity to stay connected to the Internet all the time? I see them as guinea pigs ! Because nobody knows how _ will affect humans in the long run. No research has been done yet on long-term side effects of being constantly reachable and connected to others.\nMy conclusion is that teenagers' addiction to cell phones makes them both social and unsocial. The new technology has changed the way they connect with people compared to former generations. They are more social and can be mobile but this also forces them to do more than one job at a time which distracts  their attention and prevents them from focusing on the present, which makes them unsociable. No one knows how this use will affect humans. We will just have to wait and see.", "id": "high9145.txt"}