{"answers": ["C", "D", "A"], "options": [["They grow old with you.", "They are on the same diet with you.", "They can understand your strange behavior perfectly.", "They stand by you when other family members hurt you."], ["has adopted her BBF as her sister", "has expressed great sympathy for only children", "had a better relationship with her brothers", "has given some advice to those who had upsets with their sisters"], ["Sisters, my fortune in life", "Family love, the lasting topic", "Communication fixes everything", "Sharing things gives you a better life"]], "questions": ["What is NOT a reason that sisters make a difference to your life?", "From the passage, we can learn that the author  _  .", "Which of the following can be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "I am one of seven children. My three sisters and I grew up in a small bedroom with two sets of beds. We shared a closet, a dresser, and just about everything else.\nI had friends who were only children. I looked longingly at their perfect dolls and toys placed carefully on their perfect shelves in their perfect little girl bedrooms. They had bathrooms to themselves. _ .\nOur bedroom always had stuff hanging about. There just wasn't room to store the paraphernalia  of four girls who had definite ideas about how they wanted their space to be. All of us girls shared a bathroom with our three brothers. From a very young age, I really thought I was hard up.\nLooking back, I had to admit my \"only children\" friends had nice things. They had designer beds and beautiful bedrooms, but I always had someone to play with and talk to. Even if everyone else hated me, one of my sisters would not and that was all I needed.\nMy sisters and I made up games and went around the neighborhood begging for old dresses so we could put on plays in our garage. Our house was the centre of activity for the whole neighborhood. We had dance shows and baseball games in the street. In short, we had everything we ever needed because we had each other. I have come to realize that there are so many reasons that sisters make a difference to your life and I can give you a few here:\nThey get you. Your sisters have grown up with you so they know the entire back story of your situation and everything leading to it. They may not agree with you all the time but they never wonder why you do what you do or say what you say.\nThey have suffered with you through awful times. I know that when one of my sisters is unhappy, I am unhappy too. When some non-family member tries to hurt you, the claws of them will come out!\nThey have cheered you on. Sisters do get jealous at times but, even so, they are happy that you are doing well. They _ at your new bonus as long as you take them out for drinks and fattening appetizers!\nThey are on the same diet as you. We are women in a world where thinness is equated with beauty. No matter how unjust this is, we are always on a diet. There is nothing like a sister calling and complaining about how she wants an ice cream and can't ever have one again.\nThey are aging at the same rate as you. As we get older, we change, and however miserable this can be, it is heartening  to know that someone shares your misery. They know what you are going through because they are going through it too.\nThe last and best thing about sisters is that they stick with you. We can have our upsets and misunderstandings but we always come back to each other.\nI know many people reading this may have had upsets with their sisters. All I can say is that communication fixes everything. If you miss your sister, tell her so. If you have a BFF(Best Friend Forever) that has stuck with you through thick and thin , adopt her as your sister and keep her close to you.", "id": "high9147.txt"}