{"answers": ["C", "B", "C", "D"], "options": [["His mother thought he played badly.", "He liked playing other instruments.", "He didn't like to play the piano.", "He couldn't pass the examination."], ["to promote certain kind of products to him.", "to help him in a different form.", "to give him a chance to make a choice.", "to interfere his normal life."], ["forgot about all the pleasant things in his life.", "went to the beach immediately.", "was hopeful and optimistic.", "was ready to help others."], ["People should try different things in life.", "Somehow we will get help in the end.", "We should participate in more activities.", "We aren't helpless; we can control our own lives."]], "questions": ["What was the possible reason for the author's giving up the piano?", "In the author's opinion, the sales call is  _  .", "After the author participated in the Tony Robbins event, he  _  .", "What is main idea of the passage?"], "article": "When I was six years old, my mother started making me take piano lessons. Every morning, she would make sure I sat in front of the piano and practiced for at least one hour. After two years, I still didn't like it. When the time for my Grade I examination, I couldn't go through with it. I cried because I didn't want to play the piano anymore. In the end, I was spared from going for any more lessons. That was the end of my music career.\nWhen I look back at that time, I ask myself--why did I do that for two years? I didn't think abut it then but the answer seems obvious now--I didn't think I had a choice.\nThen for twelve years, I felt that my life had no meaning. I felt that I really couldn't go on. I kept waiting for something outside of me to happen to make me happy. But the universe intervened   and sent me help disguised in the form of a sales call.\nOne afternoon a lady called me about a Tony Robbins event called Unleash the Power Within. Part of me was curious; but when the time came, I still was considering if I should go in or go to the beach instead. I made a choice to give it a try. In that hall filled with 4,000 people, Tony gave me back something I never knew I had---the power of choice. I left there renewed and refreshed, excited about my new life, knowing from that point forward that in life there are no victims, only choices. To this day, I sometimes wonder how differently my life would have turned out if I had missed taking that sales call.\nSometimes in life, we are stuck in certain situations and it may seem that there is nothing we can do about it. Just remember that everything in life is about choice. You can make a choice to remove yourself from any situation that is not serving you right now. The question is---will you?", "id": "high9148.txt"}