{"answers": ["B", "B", "C", "D"], "options": [["the history of American currency", "the inflation in America", "the political cases in America", "the price of the oil in the world"], ["Because of George Bush's visit to the Europe", "Because of the official's support of the policy.", "Because of the increasing of the oil price.", "Because of the meeting of the Group of Eight."], ["The dollar will continuously rise, especially against the Japanese yen and the euro.", "Some government officials' comments made the dollars rising a lot..", "Many measures have taken to stop dollars from falling further..", "Few countries in the world are all concerned about the inflation"], ["the dollar is sure to continue to rise", "the dollar is sure to slide further", "investors will get more benefit from dollars", "there is a chance of inflation in the world"]], "questions": ["The passage is mainly concerned about   _", "Why did the dollar move up a little this week according to the passage?", "Which of the following statements is true?", "We can infer from the passage that  _"], "article": "For several years now, the dollar has fallen lower and lower against other major currencies. Lately, though, the dollar has risen, especially against the Japanese yen and the euro. Some traders think the dollar will continue to rise, but that is not clear.\nThe dollar moved up this week after comments by American officials in support of a strong dollar policy.\nOn Monday, before he left for his last trip as president to Europe, George Bush said: \"A strong dollar is in our nation's interests. It is in the interests of the global economy.\" Also Monday, Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson said on CNBC television that he would consider intervention to keep the dollar from sliding further.\nThe United States has not intervened in currency markets since two thousand. That year the administration of president Bill Clinton bought euros to support the European currency.\nBut on Tuesday, President Bush said in Slovenia that the \"relative value of economies will end up setting the proper valuation of the dollar.\"\nA weaker dollar helps American exporters. But it means Americans have to pay more for imports and for travel to other countries.\nSome experts say dollar weakness is the main reason why oil prices have risen so high. Oil is priced in dollars on the world market.\nBut Treasury Secretary Paulson dismissed any link. He noted that since two thousand two, the dollar has fallen about twenty-four percent. But the price of oil has gone up well over five hundred percent.\nAdding to pressure on the dollar, European Central Bank President Jean-Claude Trichet suggested that the E.C.B will raise interest rates next month. European officials are increasingly concerned with inflation. But investors can already get higher rates of return on investments in euros than in dollars.\nHigh prices for oil, food and other products have raised inflation concerns worldwide. Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke said the latest increases in energy prices have added to inflation risks.\nHis comments in recent days have suggested that the central bank could stop cutting rates as it has since September. Its rate for overnight loans between banks is currently at two percent. Some market watchers think the Fed could raise rates as early as this month.\nFinance ministers from nations in the Group of Eight will discuss the dollar and other issues at their meeting this weekend in Osaka, Japan.", "id": "high9154.txt"}