{"answers": ["B", "D", "A"], "options": [["Because family life is not important", "Because they can devote time and energy to their careers", "Because they don't want to devote time and attention to their loved ones", "Because they have no time for building a family"], ["To be better prepared for obligations", "To have the opportunity to completely grow up", "To rid of the foolishness of youth", "They don't want to build a family"], ["How to achieve a balance between career and family", "How to have a successful career", "Career is more important than family", "People can't balance their career and family"]], "questions": ["Why is career more important when people are young  _  ?", "Which is NOT the reason why people choose to wait when it comes to building a family  _  .", "What's the main idea of the passage  _  ?"], "article": "The choice between having a career or making time for love is an extremely personal and individual decision. There are many factors which can affect your choice.\nCareers and love fulfill us in different but important ways. Having a solid career gives us a sense of accomplishment and self worth. Then there are those who measure their success in terms of having a pleasant and rewarding home life.\nSo what happens if you cannot or do not wish to make room in your life for both? Consider these factors when pondering which is more important for you.\n1. Your Career May be More Important When You are Young\nMany people these days focus on careers first and family later. The reasoning is that, while you are young and unencumbered , you have the time and energy to fully devote yourself to a career. If you have lofty career ambitions while you are young, it may indeed be the time to start making progress towards those goals.\nOnce you get married and begin to build a family, much of your time and energy-by necessity-becomes devoted to your family. This is as it should be. You should not start a family unless you are willing to devote time and attention to your loved ones.\n2. Falling in Love can be Better When You are Older\nMore and more people these days are choosing to wait when it comes to making decisions about family. It is not unusual for people to delay marriage until their late 30's or even their early 40's. Delaying family decisions allows you to be better prepared for those obligations, and creates a better likelihood that you are in touch with your most important goals and values. You have had the opportunity to completely grow up, greatly reducing the chances of feeling like you are \"missing out.\" You have had the chance to purge the foolishness of youth from your system and are now confident with the wisdom of maturity.\n3. Choosing Both\nIf you can find a work life balance that allows you to experience the joys of love and maintain a successful career, you will have a truly happy and rewarding life. A loving family at home can help you celebrate all of your successes, and bolster your confidence through your failures. There are many people out there reaping the tremendous rewards that come with including love and work in their lives, and finding the balance that allows for both.\nThe truly healthy and well balanced person will recognize the benefits of having both. He or she will take steps to achieve the work life balance necessary to assure the continuation of career growth while nurturing and maintaining the health of personal relationships. It is only when we can maintain this delicate balance that we are living life to its greatest potential.", "id": "high9163.txt"}