{"answers": ["D", "C", "B", "B", "A"], "options": [["Nation.", "Opinion.", "Business.", "Science."], ["decide who is more likely to enjoy a happier life.", "gather information for the National Institutes of Health.", "find out the link between personality and health.", "compare each woman's personality changes."], ["Negative emotions cause a shorter life indeed.", "The more optimistic you are, the longer life you may enjoy.", "It's uncertain whether optimism affects one's health.", "There may be some link between personality."], ["A woman who doesn't exercise.", "woman who always doubts what others say.", "A woman with high blood pressure.", "A woman with poor physical health."], ["Necessary.", "Useless.", "Unfair.", "meaningless."]], "questions": ["In which part of a newspaper can you read the above passage?", "Researchers carry out the study to  _  .", "What can be inferred from the passage?", "Who is more likely to die of cancer according to the passage?", "What's Hilary Tindle's opinion of the study?"], "article": "Findings from a new study were presented at a recent meeting of the American Psychosomatic   Society. Researchers in the United States studied 100,000 women during an eight-year period, beginning in 1994. All of the women were fifty or older. The study was part of the Women's Health Initiative organized by the National Institutes of Health.\nThe women were asked questions measuring their beliefs or ideas about the future. The researchers attempted to identify each woman's personality eight years after gathering the information.\nThe study found that hopeful individuals were 14% less likely than other woman to have died from any cause. The hopeful women were also 30 less likely to have died from heart disease after the eight years, Hilary Tinkle from the University of Pittsburgh in Pennsylvania was the lead author of the report. She said the study confirmed earlier research that linked optimistic feelings to longer life.\nThe researchers also gathered information about people's education, financial earnings, physical activity and use of alcohol or cigarettes. Independent of those things, the findings still showed that optimists had less of a chance of dying during the eight-year period.\nSome women who answered the questions were found to be hostile  , or highly untrusting of others. These women were 16% more likely to die than the others. They also were 23% more likely to die of cancer.\nThe study also found women who were not optimistic were more likely to smoke and have high blood pressure or diabetes. They were also more likely mot to exercise.\nTindle says the study did not confirm whether optimism leads to healthier choices, or if it actually affects a person's physical health. She also says the study does not prove that negative emotions or distrust lead to bad health effects and shorter life. Yet there does appear to be a link that calls for more research.", "id": "high9165.txt"}