{"answers": ["B", "B"], "options": [["Facebook or Twitter is a good place where we share personal experience", "people seldom show depressing stuff on the social networking websites", "most of people tend to show off that they are having a better time than others", "sharing experience on the social networking websites is not real life"], ["we are surrounded by various tools to capture our daily data", "we are more concerned about how our life seems to be to others", "we transmit our experience immediately to everybody we know", "we gain more extensive perception of reality with digital tools"]], "questions": ["It seems to the author that   _  .", "By talking of \"a good Instagram filter for our meal\" (Line 3-4, Para.4), the author wants to show   _  ."], "article": "Recently the barbican museum in London held an exhibition called the rain room. During the time this exhibition was open, my twitter stream was filled with photos of people standing in the rain room, accompanied by the caption \"rain room@ the barbican!\" and a location attachment to prove that they were indeed in the rain room.\nThis got me thinking. What were people actually saying by Tweeting about their visit? I think all they were doing was fulfilling the obligation that we have to share. Not sharing in the sense of treasuring a moment with people close to us, but sharing in the sense of \"tell the world that I am doing a thing\".\nIt's not sharing; it's showing off. When we log in to Facebook or Twitter we see an infinitely updating stream of people enjoying themselves. It's not real life, because people only post about the good things whereas all the dull or deep stuff doesn't get mentioned. But despite this obvious fact, it subconsciously makes us feel like everyone is having a better time than us.\nThis is the curse of our age. We walk around with the tools to capture extensive data about our surroundings and transmit them in real-time to every friend we've made. We end up with a reduced understanding of reality because we're more concerned about choosing a good Instagram filter  for our meal than how it tastes.\nI don't think that it's inherently wrong to want to keep the world updated about that you're doing. But when you go through life robotically posting about everything you do, you're not a human being. You're just a prism that takes bits of light and sound and channels them into the cloud.\nThe key thing to remember is that you are not enriching your experiences by sharing them online; you are detracting from them because all your efforts are focused on making the look attractive to other people. Once you stop seeing things through the eyes of the people following you on Twitter or Facebook or Instagram, you can make your experiences significant, because you were there and you saw the sights and smelled the smells and heard the sounds, not snapped a photo of it through a half-inch camera lens.", "id": "high9167.txt"}