{"answers": ["B", "C", "A"], "options": [["He looked down from the window.", "He went to see the noisy aircraft.", "He called the police to save the girl.", "He hurried to check who was outside."], ["scaring", "desperate", "unbelievable", "dangerous"], ["the man disliked to be talked about", "the girl was unwilling to be rescued", "the police arrived quickly on the scene", "the girl was actually an actress in a film"]], "questions": ["What did the man do first after he got up?", "The moment the man saw the girl hanging there, he felt it was   _  .", "We can learn from the passage that   _  ."], "article": "The girl was hanging by her hands from the railings of a balcony . The balcony was on the twelfth floor of the high-rise block next to his. His flat was on the ninth floor and he had to look up to see her. It was half-past six in the morning. He had been awakened by the sound of an aircraft flying dangerously low overhead, and had got out of bed to look. His sleepy eyes, moved from the blue sky which was empty of cloud, empty of anything but the bright disappearing arrow of the aircraft, and then rested on the hanging figure.\nHe really thought he must be dreaming, for this sunrise time was the hour for dreams. Then, when he knew he wasn't, he decided it must be a scene in a film. There were cameramen down there, a whole film unit, and all the correct safety precautions had been taken. Probably the girl wasn't even a real girl, but a dummy . He opened the window and looked down. The car park, paved courts, grass spaces between the blocks, all were deserted. On the balcony rail one of the dummy's hands moved, desperately. He had to believe then what was obviously happening. The girl was trying to kill herself. She had lost her courage and now was trying to stay alive. All these thoughts and conclusions of his occupied about thirty seconds. Then he acted. He picked up the phone and dialed the emergency number for the police.\nThe arrival of the police cars and the rescue of the girl became the focus of talk for the people of the two blocks. Someone found out that it was he who had called the police and he became an unwilling hero. He was a modest, quiet young man, and was in relief when the talk began to die away. Again he was able to enter and leave his flat without being pointed at as a kind of St George and sometimes even congratulated.\nAbout a fortnight after that morning, he was getting ready to go to the theatre, just putting on his overcoat, when the doorbell rang. He didn't recognize the girl who stood outside. He had never seen her face. She said, \"I'm Lydia Simpson. You saved my life. I've come to thank you.\"", "id": "high9172.txt"}