{"answers": ["B", "C"], "options": [["Parents' complaints.", "The authority's order.", "The photos of other kids.", "Supporting from the school."], ["Streisand effect benefits most famous people.", "It's not a good idea to argue against authorities.", "The ban on something may have opposite effect.", "Turning to the law is a perfect way to get one out of trouble."]], "questions": ["What speeded up the spread of Martha's story?", "What can be inferred from the passage?"], "article": "When Barbra Streisand discovered in 2003 that a photograph of her California beach house was among 12,000 photos on theInternetas part of a collection by photographer Kenneth Adelman, she did what any famous person would do:hit him with a $50 million lawsuit. But in trying to hold back the images, she caused a different outcome. Her legal actions led to almost half a million people visiting the website, viewing and copying the photos within a month.\nEver since then, the effect of letting public know something you are trying to keep secret has been called the\"Streisand effect\". The problem for anyone trying to _ information is that the Internet is the world's biggest and most efficient copying machine. Put a document on to a connected machine and it will spread. So when you want to be famous, you can't, but if you find yourself in the spotlight and want to erase yourself, you cannot.\nThere is no shortage of examples of the Streisand effect. Nine-year-old Martha Payne created a simple blog, posting the meals her school served. She took a photo of what was barely a filling meal by anyone's standards. With the photo, she filled a comment, \"Now Dad understands why I am hungry when I get home.\" The thing did not go too far, until the local authority banned little Martha from doing that again. Martha posted a supposedly final post called \"Goodbye\", explaining everything. Once the media found this out, things went from bad to worse for the authority. Now the blog has more than 9.5 million page views. Martha has even expanded her blog by including pictures of school meals taken by other kids from all over the world, like Germany and Japan.\nWe can find similar examples throughout history, to be frank. Man has experienced the Streisand effect ever since the birth of mass communication. Why does it exist? Every time you are told not to see what's in the secret shiny box wrapped in gift paper, you're going to do everything in your power todo exactly that! Just realizing that knowing something about someone is harmful to their status, we will want to know that piece of information. This is exactly the human nature. This is what lawyers and authorities should be familiar with. Unfortunately, a few of them fail to grasp it.", "id": "high9173.txt"}