{"answers": ["D", "D", "A"], "options": [["Enlarging one's knowledge.", "Learning from respected adults.", "Attending instructional programs.", "Making evidence-based arguments."], ["What have you learnt recently?", "Will you pay by the credit card?", "Where are you going this weekend?", "How do you like this basketball team?"], ["To state an education idea.", "To assess a teaching strategy.", "To introduce a learning method.", "To compare different education methods."]], "questions": ["According to writer, what most helps develop students' thinking?", "Which is the best question raised by a cognitive coach?", "What is the main purpose of the passage?"], "article": "As a public school superintendent , I believe the best way to prepare students for colleges and careers is to focus on providing instructional programs and opportunities that help them become good thinkers. To do this, teachers and actually everyone else in a community, should play a role as a \"cognitive coach\" to students, helping develop good thinkers among our youth.\nThe best way for you to become a cognitive coach is to seek out and engage school children and adolescents in meaningful conversations. The objective here is to get kids talking about what they think, how they feel, and what they believe whenever and wherever you may find them. It may be in a classroom. It may be at the grocery store. It may be at a basketball game. It doesn't matter where as long as you engage students in a topical conversation and, hopefully, even a debate. Mainly, you want to encourage students to voice their opinion about things. Get them to take a position on \"this thing, or that thing,\" and ask them to support their position with evidence. Curiously enough, the simple process of engaging students in real life conversations and debates will serve to strengthen what they have learned in the classroom, and help them create their own knowledge about a subject or a topic.\nLearning indicates that a student has been exposed to material, understands the material, and can recall the information. Knowledge, on the other hand, goes beyond recall and includes information processing, application to other situations, consideration of meaning, and contrasting with other concepts. Naturally, the topic of conversation you engage in with one of your learners will differ from student to student, and in the level of complexity based on child's age and developmental level. Even a kindergartener has an opinion about things that are going on in his or her life. Engaging in conversation with any members of your learning community in ways that get at what they have learned and what they know will help them develop higher order reasoning skills.\nA student's synthetic thinking  process occurs when a respected adult asks a question, particularly a question that requires reflection. I think all adults in a community have a responsibility to help children with this process, with the goal of producing independent thinkers.", "id": "high9174.txt"}