{"answers": ["D", "B", "A"], "options": [["it would enable the family to get better treatment in their own country", "Jewish children are born with excellent musical talent", "they wanted their children to enter into the professional field", "it would allow them access to a better life in the West"], ["extensive knowledge of music.", "a natural gift.", "very early training.", "a prejudice-free society."], ["The Making of Music Prodigies", "Training of Musicians in the World", "Music and Society", "Jewish Contribution to Music"]], "questions": ["Jewish parents in Eastern Europe longed for their children to attend music school because   _  .", "Which of the following contributes to the emergence of musical prodigies according to the passage?", "Which of the following titles best summarizes the main idea of the passage?"], "article": "Violin prodigies  , I learned, have come in distinct waves from distinct regions. Most of the great performers of the late 19th and early 20th centuries were born and brought up in Russia and Eastern Europe. I asked Isaac Stern, one of the world's greatest violinists the reason for this phenomenon. \"It is very clear,\" he told me. \"They were all Jews and Jews at the time were severely oppressed and ill-treated in that part of the world. They were not allowed into the professional fields, but they were allowed to achieve excellence on a concert stage.\" As a result, every Jewish parent's dream was to have a child in the music school because it was a passport to the West.\nAnother element in the emergence of prodigies, I found, is a society that values excellence in a certain field to nurture   talent. Nowadays, the most nurturing societies seem to be in the Far East. \"In Japan, a most competitive society, with stronger discipline than ours,\" says Isaac Stern, children are ready to test their limits every day in many fields, including music. When Western music came to Japan after World War II, that music not only became part of their daily lives, but it became a discipline as well. The Koreans and Chinese as we know are just as highly motivated as the Japanese.\nThat's a good thing, because even prodigies must work hard. Next to hard work, biological inheritance  plays an important role in the making of a prodigy. J. S. Bach, for example, was the top of several generations of musicians, and four of his sons had significant careers in music.", "id": "high9189.txt"}