{"answers": ["B", "D", "B", "C"], "options": [["patients' sweat", "bodily fluids", "people's spit", "your body"], ["The Ebola river is polluted by the virus.", "There aren't any protections.", "The protective clothing is adequate.", "Three western countries share a border."], ["There are not enough drugs for the infected people.", "Ebola is rare and its research money is lacking.", "The people have enough antibodies to kill Ebola.", "The WHO has decided not to use them."], ["The Prevention from Ebola.", "No Cure for the Virus \"Ebola\".", "The Deadliest Ebola in Africa.", "Introduction to the Virus \"Ebola\"."]], "questions": ["According to the passage, Ebola only spreads through   _  .", "Which is the possible reason why Ebola spreads in West Africa quickly?", "Why have there been no cures used for Ebola in humans so far?", "Which of the following can be the best title?"], "article": "The virus \"Ebola\" is named after the Ebola River in what is now the Democratic Republic of the Congo. That's where the virus was discovered in 1976. A person can only get Ebola through direct contact with an infected person's bodily fluids, for example, sweat or spit. Additionally, the virus can get into your body through your eyes and mouth if those areas come into contact with something that contains the bodily fluids of an infected person. That's why health care workers are supposed to keep themselves completely covered while treating patients.\nThe deadliest Ebola outbreak is spreading fast in Western Africa, taking over 900 lives so far. The health systems in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia are severely lacking in resources, and health care workers may not have access to adequate protective clothing when working in rural clinics, where the proper protections are lacking. Since Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia share a border; it's easier for people to move from one country to another, increasing the risk for disease spread.\nFor now, all doctors can do is treat the symptoms and provide supportive care like monitoring heart rate, blood pressure, and breathing while making sure the patients' fluids are supplied. Sometimes patients are given antibiotics  to treat other possible infections. The hope is to make the patient pull through the infection so their immune system can eventually clear the virus. The people who survive Ebola have created enough antibodies to kill it.\nThere are several promising drugs and vaccines in development, but since Ebola is less common--and research about it is not well funded -- there is no drug or vaccine that has been approved for use in humans. Many of the other drugs and vaccines have not yet been tested in humans. The WHO (World Health Organization) is meeting next week to discuss whether experimental treatments should be used during this outbreak.", "id": "high9191.txt"}