{"answers": ["C", "A", "C", "D"], "options": [["It was set up to encourage people to learn English.", "China also celebrates it on 4th March every year.", "It is also the same day as some great writers were born or dead.", "Only since 1998 has the UK begun to celebrate it."], ["loves reading", "never reads", "does little reading", "hates reading"], ["learn a foreign language better", "know more about culture", "improve their memory greatly", "know more about the outside world"], ["World Reading Day in the UK.", "Reading makes a full man.", "World Reading Day in China.", "World Reading Day and Reading."]], "questions": ["Which of the following statements about World Reading Day is TURE?", "An avid reader is a person who  _  .", "According to the passage, reading can help people EXCEPT  _  .", "What's the best title for the passage?"], "article": "World Reading Day was set up by the UNESCO in 1995 to encourage people, especially teenagers, to discover the pleasure of reading. It is also the day to honor great writers, for example, William Shakespeare, born or dead on that day.\nMany countries celebrated World Reading Day. Take the UK as an example, on that day, millions of schoolchildren can buy book of special price, a much lower price than usual, in any bookstore. It has been done every year since 1998. World Reading Day 2010 in the UK will take place on Thursday 4th March. Please note that this date applies to the UK and Ireland only. The goal is so well set in schools there that they want to make sure that the Day happens in term time to really make the most of this opportunity to celebrate books and reading. Most other countries hold World Reading Day on 23 rd April every year.\nWorld Reading Day is also celebrated in China. Chinese former premier Wen Jiabao, an avid reader, does lots of reading every day though he is very busy. On World Reading Day 2009 he encouraged citizens to do more reading. Wen suggested that young people should spend more time reading. \"Books cannot change the world, but people can change the world by changing themselves through reading.\"\nReading can benefit people a lot. Reading helps us to follow the latest developments of science and technology. Reading gives us information about other cultures and places of the world. Reading is also one of the most important ways to learn a foreign language like English.\n\"Reading makes a full man.\" (Bacon, 1597) Books, magazines, newspapers and other kinds of reading materials can help us to know more about the outside world and perfect us. Therefore, it is necessary for us to spend time on reading every day.", "id": "high9204.txt"}