{"answers": ["C", "A", "B", "A", "B"], "options": [["Watching TV.", "Playing computer games.", "Doing homework", "Doing housework."], ["Their parents", "Other students.", "The children themselves.", "Nobody else."], ["Less than 9 hours.", "Over 9 hours.", "Only 9 hours.", "8 hours."], ["He would fall asleep in class.", "He would do well in study.", "He would finish his homework fast.", "He would have good heath."], ["Some students are so careless that they spend much time on the homework.", "All the students stay up late for their homework.", "Children should be given less homework.", "School and parents should take care of children's health."]], "questions": ["What makes most students sleep less than nine hours every night?", "According to the article, who else gives children some homework to do except their teachers?", "How many hours of sleep is good for students' health?", "What is most likely to happen to a student who often goes to bed late and gets up early?", "Which of the following is NOT true?"], "article": "In China, more and more middle school students are getting shorter sleeping time than before. More students sleep less than nine hours every night, because they have much homework to do. Some homework is given by their teachers, and some by their parents. Also, some students don't know how to save time. They are not careful enough while they do their homework, so it takes them a lot of time. Some students spend too much time watching TV or playing computer games. They stay up very late. Some students have to get up early every morning on weekdays to get to school on time by bus or by bike. It can be a long way from home to school. It will probably make them sleepy during school hours.\nSchools and parents should cut down some of the homework so that our children can enjoy more than nine hours of sleep every night for their health. For children, they should make the most use of their time. When they have enough time for sleeping, they will find it much better for both their study and health.", "id": "high9211.txt"}