{"answers": ["A", "A", "C", "A"], "options": [["recognize more facial expressions correctly", "lose the sense of direction frequently", "tell different emotions immediately", "more pictures of faces easily"], ["lose face-to-face communication skills", "have no sense of numbers", "weaken their senses of hearing and sight", "fail to find their destination"], ["becoming no smarter than smartphones", "benefiting from smartphones' intelligence", "losing some basic abilities because of using samrtphones", "trying hard to break away from smartphones'intelligence"], ["critical", "sympathetic", "supportive", "optimistic"]], "questions": ["The experiment by researchers indicated that  without electronic  products, one could  _  .", "Overusing smartphones, people will probably  _  according to the passage", "The passage  mainly tells us that many people are  _", "The writer's attitude towards electronic products is  _  ."], "article": "It seems that people are gradually losing their smartness as smartphones become increasingly important assistants in their lives.  As we rely too much on technology instead of our brains, many people have lost three basic abilities.\nThe first skill many people have lost is remembering phone numbers. Because phone numbers are stored in smartphone contacts, there's now no need to dial a number or look at it again. _ \nAnd some people may also have lost their sense of direction because navigation apps can guide people anywhere they want. People get so dependent on them that when they can't use their smartphones, they get lost and anxious.\nBut the worst lost skills may be social ones, meaning that some people are becoming socially inept People often bury themselves in their smartphones. As we're too absent-minded by what's happening in the virtual some of us have lost conversational skills and sometimes can't even distinguish whether a person is happy or not.\nLast August, researchers at the University of California, Los Angeles, studied 51 students aged 11 and 12 who had over five hours' screen time every day. Their task was to tell the emotions of 48 pictures of faces that were happy, sad, angry or scared.\nThe children made an average of 14. 02 mistakes at the  beginning.  But after a five-day camp without electronic products, they made only 9.41 mistakes on average.\nLuckily, people still have a chance to get these abilities back.  You should try to keep your parents' numbers in mind for emergencies. You should also pay more attention to street signs and stores , which will help you to draw a mind map and stop you from getting lost.  And the easiest solution to social skill loss is to take a break from electronic products.", "id": "high9231.txt"}