{"answers": ["A", "D", "D"], "options": [["They are expected to work better.", "They can't focus their attention on the work.", "They are running the Nap Now campaign.", "They have difficulty in falling sleep at night."], ["It is a newly practiced pattern.", "It has been taken up in Finland.", "It is sort of traditional work culture.", "It fits into the natural sleeping pattern."], ["To explain how to nap at work.", "To show how the new study was carried out.", "To tell us the importance of sleeping at work.", "To call for the more sleep-friendly work culture."]], "questions": ["Why are the employees of Google allowed to nap in the workplace?", "According to the passage, what can we learn about siesta?", "What is the author's main purpose of writing the passage?"], "article": "I love sleeping. It's something I'm good at. There's nothing better than nodding off on the sofa in front of the TV and when my head hits the pillow at night, I have no problem falling into a deep sleep within minutes. There is one place where I never nap   and that's at work--but new research suggests I should!\nThe idea of you and your colleagues heading off for a lie down in the afternoon may seem strange, but some companies such as Google and Facebook actually encourage it. Because it's thought that a power-nap makes them more refreshed and more focused, and this in turn makes them more productive.\nAn Australian health writer called Victoria is a founder of a campaign called Nap Now which is trying to make sleeping at work more acceptable. She calls herself a \" _ \"! She says: \"I think that our culture is a bit crazy not to accept it... It's time to end the common work principle which is all about working longer and harder.\"\nSo should we all be taking a sleeping bag and pillow to work with us? A few years ago, research by the East of England Development Agency found 30% of people have their best ideas in bed compared to just 11% who have them at their desk. That suggests people are more creative when they are relaxed--and the agency has called for companies to put beds in the workplace.\nA nap in the afternoon is nothing new. In certain hot countries, such as Spain, a short rest or sleep in the afternoon-called a siesta-is perfectly normal. So maybe we should break from the traditional nine-to-five work culture and take up the siesta. The UK's Sleep Council claims the nine-to-five working day does not fit into the natural sleeping pattern of the human race and says that bosses need to introduce a more sleep-friendly working day.", "id": "high9238.txt"}