{"answers": ["C", "D", "B", "A"], "options": [["he had a successful career", "he loved to be a soldier", "he wanted to have a change", "he expected to work in a shipping company"], ["concussions", "PTSD", "memory loss", "a heart attack"], ["an experienced bodyguard", "a well-trained dog", "a laboratory engineer", "a military officer"], ["change of life", "service in the military", "medical procedures", "experiences in Afghanistan"]], "questions": ["Karl Fleming joined the army because   _  .", "Fleming suffered from the following illnesses except   _  .", "Karl Fleming recovered with the help of   _  .", "The passage is mainly about Fleming's  _  ."], "article": "Karl Fleming joined the military because he needed a change in his life. He had a successful career with a shipping company but he wanted to do something more. He found that something in the U.S. army. Fleming began his service in 2009 and never looked back.\nA few years later, Fleming volunteered to go to Afghanistan. There, he worked as a bodyguard for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. He enjoyed it, except for the almost-nightly rocket attacks. Karl was never hit directly by a rocket, but he didn't need to be to feel its effects. The rockets caused severe shaking, shaking so bad that Fleming was left with many injuries. He was also diagnosed with concussions  and Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder(PTSD).\nFleming said he was down but not out. Once he returned from Afghanistan, Fleming underwent one test after another. At first, Fleming said he thought he could recover or be able to return to duty and realize his dream of becoming an officer. But then came the news he had never imagined: Fleming would never be an officer because he was too injured to continue.\nFleming said he was depressed after learning his military career was over. Add that to the memory loss, extreme anxiety and the many painful medical procedures he was already experiencing. He rarely ventured outside on the weekend. Instead, he preferred to sleep in. All that changed, however, with Fleming's service dog, Kuchar.\nFleming said he had heard dogs could help people suffering from PTSD, so he started doing research. Karl eventually selected K9s for Warriors, which is where he met Kuchar, a yellow lab. Fleming and Kuchar trained together for weeks, before returning to Fort Benning. K9s for Warriors provided Fleming with Kuchar and the training for free.\nLife with Kuchar has been life-changing. Fleming doesn't sleep in any more because Kuchar won't let him. Instead, they venture out into a world Karl was once afraid of -- a world for Fleming that now seems impossible to imagine without Kuchar by his side.", "id": "high9240.txt"}