{"answers": ["C", "A", "B", "D"], "options": [["he was travelling in India", "it was about 30 years ago.", "he was flying to India as a kid", "he was a kid living in India"], ["The author's working time is not regular.", "The author has his regular route he flies.", "The author has to get up very early every day.", "The daily working time of the author is longer."], ["could serve everyone as he does his daily work", "could make his guests' life more convenient", "could take the ill patient to hospital in short time", "had been to many advanced countries in the world"], ["My pleasure in serving people", "Difference in my job as a pilot", "My interest in being a pilot as a boy", "My job as an American airline's pilot"]], "questions": ["The author dreamed of being a pilot when   _  .", "What is the main difference between the author's job and a typical pilot's?", "The author realized how important his job was because he   _  .", "What would be the best title for this passage?"], "article": "My passion started decades ago as a kid on a flight to India. I was attracted by how such a large airplane was able to glide smoothly above the clouds. I made it a goal to become a pilot. I am now a pilot for American airlines. Though being a pilot consumes my life,it is a job worth doing.\nMy job is slightly different compared to that of a typical pilot. Most pilots have their routes they fly. They then familiarize(...)themselves with the routes. However, in my case,I participate in any job where a pilot is immediately required. It is true that some days I might have a workday from nine in the morning to five in the afternoon. In fact,some days,I might even begin my work at three in the morning when I am needed to fly. Sometimes, as for the typical day,I do not have one.\nHaving been on the job for over two decades,I have learned some important life lessons. As I greet passengers boarding the airplane,I realize I,along with other airline pilots, have enhanced the lives of those who we are serving. In fact, there is one particular experience that I will never forget. A family was walking in from the gate, explaining that their beloved one was ill and had to be taken to a big hospital in another city immediately. It was at this point that I realized just how important my job was.\nTherefore, my life as an airline pilot is definitely not for everyone. However,my job is something I enjoy thoroughly and will continue to do till I am old enough. As a pilot, I have been able to experience so many different types of situations in different places throughout the world. For anyone interested in piloting, I would recommend going for it.", "id": "high9249.txt"}