{"answers": ["D", "A", "C", "B"], "options": [["close friend", "poor friend", "good friend", "bad friend"], ["outgoing", "insecure", "narcissistic", "self-centred"], ["feel worried as you do", "try hard to help you out", "do nothing but leave you", "pay more attention to you"], ["To tell us finding a friend is not an easy job for everyone.", "To help us know about bad friends and get rid of them.", "To encourage us to make more friends in school.", "To advise us not to treat our close friends badly."]], "questions": ["The author believes that we can easily find a  _  .", "Bad friends give the author the following impressions EXCEPT being  _  .", "We can infer from the passage that a bad friend will  _  when you have trouble.", "What is the purpose of the passage?"], "article": "Finding a friend doesn't seem like a difficult job. However, bad friends are easier to find than good friends these days. If you're sitting there and wondering if you have a bad friend, let me define it for you.\nA bad friend is someone whose jealousies and insecurities outweigh their love for someone. They night want to be a good friend but they're too messed up in their own head to ever actually do it. They wonder if their friends are going out without them or if they're being forgotten and left behind. People who are violently insecure don't have what it takes to be the quality of a friend.\nBad friends are narcissistic .They look for any opportunity to bring the conversation back to them. Worse, they might not even be aware that they're doing it. In their mind, they might think they are the best friend ever, which is truly frightening.\nBad friends are quick-change. They're by your side when you're fun and you have something to give them but as soon as you're going through a difficult time, they will become indifferent quickly. They won't bring you cold medicine. They won't give you a ride to the doctor, everything they do is self-serving.\nIf you find a friend who has these same characteristics, send them to your bad friend list immediately. Your friends are supposed to be the solution to your problems, not the source.\nI believe your twenties are a time when you need positive and helpful friends. In such a time, friendships aren't easy to maintain like they once were in school. Now we actually have to put work into it, we have to make a conscious effort to keep the friendship going. You need to ask yourself, \"Is this person worth it? Do they treat me like a fool or what?\" if your have doubts, try to make them clear by considering the past experiences. Toxic  friendships do nothing but drag you down. My point is that you have to take care of yourself and stop getting in touch with your bad friends. Only surround yourself with people who bring out the best qualities in you. It may sound cruel but it's true,.", "id": "high9259.txt"}