{"answers": ["B", "A", "D"], "options": [["To show that freedom of choice is absolute in modern society.", "To suggest what would happen if uniforms became compulsory.", "To predict the way the society will be in the next few generations.", "To show that the government has too much control over people's lives."], ["fail", "rise", "disappear", "struggle"], ["show that uniforms are not possible in a democratic society", "advise the government to change the rules of wearing uniforms", "advocate stronger governmental controls on the wearing of uniforms", "convince the reader that uniforms have more disadvantages than advantages"]], "questions": ["Why does the author discuss forcing everyone to buy the same car or eat the same food?", "The last word of the passage \"collapse\" probably means   _  .", "The author's primary purpose in writing this passage was to   _  ."], "article": "No one should be forced to wear a uniform under any circumstance. Uniforms are controlling the human spirit and totally unnecessary in a democratic  society. Uniforms tell the world that the person who wears one has no value as an individual but only lives to function as a part of the whole. The individual in a uniform loses all self-worth.\nThere are those who say that wearing a uniform gives a person a sense of identification with a larger, more important concept. What could be more important than the individual himself? If an organization is so weak that it must rely on cloth and buttons to inspire its members, that organization has no right to continue its existence.\nOthers say that the practice of making persons wear uniforms, say in school, gets rid of all envy and competition in a matter of dress, such that a poor person who cannot afford good-quality clothing is not to be looked down upon by a wealthy person who wears expensive clothing. Those persons ignore the concepts as freedom of choice, motivation, and individuality. If all persons were to wear the same clothing, why would anyone struggle to be better? It is only a short step from forcing everyone to drive the same car, have the same type of food. When this happens, all motivation to improve one's life is removed. Why would parents bother to work hard so that their children could have a better life than they had when they know that their children are going to be forced to have exactly the same life as they had?\nUniforms also hurt the economy . Right now, billions of dollars are spent on the fashion industry yearly. Thousands of people are employed in designing, creating, and marketing different types of clothing. If everyone were forced to wear uniforms, artistic personnel would be unnecessary. Salesmen would be extra as well. Why bother to sell the only items that are available? The wearing of uniforms would destroy the fashion industry which in turn would have a wave effect on such industries as advertising and sales promotion. Without advertising, newspapers, magazines, and television would not be able to remain in business. Our entire information and entertainment industries would collapse.", "id": "high9278.txt"}