{"answers": ["A", "C", "D", "A"], "options": [["they believe that the school will have a bright future", "they believe the government is sure to approve the school", "the school models itself on Hong Kong University successfully", "they will never do graduate studies at other higher learning institutions"], ["the government will have no voice in the school", "they won't receive any diploma when graduating from the school", "other schools are unlikely to accept their diploma from the school", "they will not learn how to be competitive"], ["It is another kind of diploma mill.", "It's impossible for the school to be competitive.", "It will never get the approval from the Ministry of Education.", "Its independence from the government may benefit the education reform."], ["University of New Style.", "China's Education Reform.", "Modeling Hong Kong University.", "Authorized or Not?"]], "questions": ["Over 1,000 students and parents visited the school because   _  .", "The trouble the students in the school may have is that   _  .", "What does the author think of Nanfang University of Science and Technology?", "What is the best title of the passage?"], "article": "Will Nanfang University of Science and Technology in Shenzhen announce a new beginning for China's higher education reform? It's too early to answer. But its presence is challenging the Ministry of Education. Even without the approval of the ministry it seems that the school is determined to move forward and enroll 50 students, so-called child prodigies , to begin classes on March l, 2011.On graduating in 2015, these students will receive a diploma unauthorized by the Ministry of Education----unlike the students of their age from the state-run universities.\nThe school is committed to modeling itself on Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, but if the government will not approve the school, the situation could cause a lot of trouble for those 50 students if they want to do graduate studies at other higher learning institutions. Other schools could turn their applications down for their unauthorized diplomas.\nThe difficulties, however, have not frightened students and their parents away. On Dec.18, 2010 more than 1,000 students and their parents visited Nanfang University of Science and Technology for interviews.\nPrivate investment marks the school out from other higher learning institutions in the nation. Not a penny comes from the government. So the government will have no voice in how the school will be run.\nThe Ministry of Education has published a comprehensive plan for education reform and development between 2011 and 2020.The goal is to make China's higher education internationally competitive. To accomplish this goal, the government should have the courage to let the educators who have big ideas try them out. The ministry should have applauded the independence. The school in Shenzhen has shown and encouraged more to do likewise.\nEducation reform in China has reached a new and crucial stage. Nanfang University of Science and Technology has a long way to go to prove itself competitive rather than a diploma mill.", "id": "high9280.txt"}