{"answers": ["B", "C"], "options": [["It has negative effect on people.", "Its effect can differ from person to person.", "It disappears when people return to their homelands.", "It can be avoided if one can understand the language."], ["discuss and clarify", "argue and advise", "introduce and explain", "compare and evaluate"]], "questions": ["What do we learn about culture shock?", "The main purpose of the passage is to  _"], "article": "The term, culture shock, describes the anxiety produced when a person moves to a completely new environment. This term expresses the lack of direction, the feeling of not knowing what to do, and not knowing what is appropriate or inappropriate.  The feeling of culture shock generally sets in after the first few weeks of coming to a new place.\nWe can describe culture shock as the physical and emotional discomfort one suffers when coming to live in another country or place. Often, the way that we lived before is not accepted as or considered as normal in the new place.  Everything is different, for example, not speaking the language, not knowing how to use banking machines and so forth.\nAlthough one can experience real pain from culture shock, it is also an opportunity for resetting one' s life objectives.  It is a great opportunity for learning and acquiring new viewpoints. Culture shock can make one develop a better understanding of oneself.\nCulture shock has many stages. The first stage is called the \"honeymoon\" stage. The new arrival may feel excited as everything is new.\nIn the second stage, a person may encounter some difficult times in daily life. For example, communication difficulties may occur such as not being understood. There may be feelings of discontent, anger, sadness, and feeling incompetence. This happens when a person is trying to adapt to a new culture.  Transition   between the old methods and those of the new country is a difficult process and takes time to complete.\nThe third stage is characterized by gaining some understanding of the new culture. One may start to feel a certain psychological balance. The new arrival may start to have a feeling of direction and want to belong.\nIn the fourth stage, the person realizes that the new culture has good and bad things to offer. The person has a more solid feeling of belonging and starts to set goals for living.\nThe fifth stage is called the \" re-entry shock\".  This occurs when a return to the\ncountry of origin is made. One may find that things are no longer the same. For example, some of the newly acquired customs are not in use in the old culture.\nMany factors   contribute to the length and effects of culture shock. For example, the individual's state of mental health, type of personality, previous experiences, familiarity with the language, and level of education. So the five stages are present at different times and each person has their own way of reacting. 64. What do we learn about culture shock?", "id": "high9284.txt"}