{"answers": ["C", "D", "A"], "options": [["To prove the importance of book learning.", "To show the parents' ignorance of spelling.", "To lead to the topic he is going to talk about.", "To share with the readers his feeling about the movie."], ["students need to focus on the skills in learning", "parents and school should be consistent in education", "his daughter is smart enough to make her own choice", "courses in areas of interest in high schools will benefit students"], ["Schools should prepare students for the real life.", "What students learn in school should be practiced in life.", "Life experience is of greater importance than school education.", "Students should spend more time discussing practical problems."]], "questions": ["Why does the author mention the movie Easy A?", "The author believes that", "What is mainly discussed in the passage?"], "article": "Certainly, a well-rounded education is the foundation from which all of us spring forth. I am grateful to the many incredible teachers who have inspired me to do greater things, and have fired my enthusiasm for everlasting learning!\nI have also been honored to have the most amazing teachers in all of my children's lives. These are extraordinary people who not only teach our children, but love them, challenge them, and provide an environment where a child learns how to learn.\nBut, sometimes I wonder if the outline of our educational plan is lacking something. I watched the movie Easy A with my older daughter. The main character's parents were loving, supportive, and built great confidence in their daughter and developed her ability to handle her own problems.\nThere was a scene where the mother was speaking to the younger child and he announced that he received an \"A\" on his spelling test. She replied, \"That' s great, honey,  but everything has spell check these days. \"  It was funny --- but TRUE ! I don't mean that we shouldn't teach our children how to spell, but maybe some of our time should be spent educating them about the dangers of posting things on Facebook.\nMaybe we might want to spend time showing them how real life works - the credit card isn't free money - you will have to pay it back at sometime. Oh, and get this - they charge you for borrowing that money. Perhaps, we should spend some time on interpersonal relationships. I worry that our kids do not know how to relate to one another.\nChoosing a career    is a daunting task.  My daughter is in her second year in college and has changed her major twice. It' s not that she didn't know what she wanted to do. What she \"wanted to do\" and the degree she chose did not match.\nI have learned many college students do not know what they want to do because they haven' t seen what it looks like in the real world.  Being a journalist in the real world looks very different from writing stories. Maybe if we spent some time exposing them to real life experience - maybe two or three courses m areas of interest in high school that give them a \"feel\" for what that particular field would look like, they might be better prepared. I do not know the solution, but it seems that it should at least be a topic of discussion.", "id": "high9285.txt"}