{"answers": ["B", "D", "C", "C"], "options": [["English learning in Italy has been popular for more than a century.", "Some popular books and movies help young Italian people with their English a lot.", "Only children from rich families like to learn English in Italy.", "More and more Italian children have given up learning their mother tongue."], ["Studying abroad for at least one year.", "Learning English at younger ages.", "Knowing another language but French.", "Learning several languages well."], ["like learning English instead of the ancient Irish", "are asked to learn many other foreign languages", "have to spend time learning the ancient Irish", "have no idea how to protect the English language"], ["European Language Day.", "BBC News Online.", "Attitudes to Languages in Europe.", "Three Foreigners in Europe."]], "questions": ["Which of the following statements is TRUE according to Tamsin Smith?", "What can help you get a better job in France?", "In Ireland most students   _  .", "Which of the following is the best title for the passage?"], "article": "European Day of Languages falls on 26 September. BBC News Online reported the attitudes across several European Union countries to languages.\nTamsin Smith, Rome, Italy\nItalians place very high importance on learning languages, particularly English. Twenty years ago it was quite difficult to find an English speaker here but today it is quite easy. The strong influence of American and English culture helps young people to learn the English language. They often become familiar with it through \"Harry Potter\" books or Disney movies. English schools, where Italian children are taught all their lessons in English, are also becoming popular among rich Italians.\nLucien Libert, Paris, France\nLanguages are very important in France. A good knowledge of the English language is necessary for many Frenchmen to get a good job and the more languages you can learn, the better. English is the first language you learn in school and you start very young. Most people have at least eight years of learning English at school. Learning German or Spanish comes next and Latin is also taught in most schools. While French people learn languages, there is also a movement to protect the French language.\nJames Helm, Dublin, Ireland\nThe English language predominates  in Ireland, but the ancient Irish language is a lasting source of pride and interest, and it remains a living tongue that is used in several areas. School are required to teach ancient Irish, and most students learn it as part of the subjects. There is a continuing discussion about how to protect the language best. In recent years some primary schools have introduced foreign language classes for younger students, and the Irish government has tried to encourage schools to offer more languages such as French, Spanish, German and Italian.", "id": "high9291.txt"}