{"answers": ["C", "A", "A"], "options": [["Chris Jenkins", "Hyun Jong", "Nima Louise Carter", "Sisman Platzman"], ["the Hyun Jong case", "the Nima Louis Carter case", "the Chris Jenkins case", "the Platzmans case"], ["Chris Jenkins' parents persuaded the police to dig deeper into their son's death.", "Ronald and Elizabeth were beaten to death in their apartment.", "Someone must have hidden inside Hyun Jong's apartment and took her away.", "Nima Louis Carter was frozen to death in a fridge."]], "questions": ["Whose body was found inside a fridge?", "Of the four cases, at first the police had wrong conclusions except in   _", "Which of the following facts is mentioned in the passage?"], "article": "Halloween is the one night of the year where being scared is supposed to be good fun. However, amid all the harmless activities like trick-or-treating, sometimes genuinely frightening and disturbing things can happen. October 31 has been the date of some horrific murders and unexplained disappearances, which are far more terrifying than any ghosts, goblins, or witches. Because they happened to take place on Halloween, the following mysteries have an extra aura of creepiness to them, and they remain unsolved to this day.\n1\nHyun Jong was a 21-year-old South Korean student attending Pennsylvania State University. In 2001, after leaving the Halloween party in a club, she was dropped off at her apartment by her friends at 4:00 AM. This was the last anyone ever saw of her. A search was conducted of her apartment. There was no sign of any struggle, but many of her belongings were there, indicating that she had gone inside after being dropped off. But what happened to her afterward? Although some evidence indicated her death, her body has never been found.\n2\nOn Halloween night in 1977, the parents of 19-month-old Nima Louise Carter placed their child inside her crib. The next morning, Nima's parents were shocked to discover that she was missing. Since the windows were locked, it's theorized that someone must have been hiding in the closet and took the child out of the house while her parents were asleep. The police took it as child abduction. A month later, a group of kids were playing in an abandoned house four blocks away. When they opened up the house's refrigerator, they received a horrifying shock when the body of an infant came tumbling out. The child was identified as Nima Louise Carter, who died of suffocation .\n3\nChris Jenkins was a 21-year-old student who visited a bar on Halloween night in 2002. After leaving the bar around midnight, Chris disappeared without a trace. He remained a missing person for four months until his body was discovered in the Mississippi River. Since Chris was still wearing his Halloween costume, all indications were that he died shortly after he disappeared. Since his cause of death was determined to be drowning, authorities initially  believed it was an accident or suicide. His parents refused to believe _ and appealed for a more careful investigation. Finally, in 2006, the death was reclassified as a murder case.\n4\nSometime during the early morning Halloween hours of 1981, a Manhattan couple named Ronald Sisman and Elizabeth Platzman were murdered in their apartment. The couple was severely beaten before being shot in the head, execution-style, and the apartment was in a complete mess. Sisman was rumored to be involved in drugs, so authorities initially believed that to be the motive for the killings. However, the case took a turn when a prisoner claimed that one of his fellow inmates  had somehow predicted the crime weeks before it actually happened. The police then questioned the inmate, yet no insightful information was brought out.", "id": "high9296.txt"}