{"answers": ["D", "D", "A"], "options": [["It is painted green for a specific purpose", "It uses solar energy to produce electricity", "it is designed for kids to enjoy themselves", "it is covered with grass, flowers or other plants"], ["it can solve the problem of air pollution", "it produces more energy to power the buildings", "it creates natural habitats for birds and insects", "it can save him spending a lot of money on energy"], ["Rainwater is often kept in the green roof system for later use", "They mainly make use of the wasted water in people's lives", "The plants on green roofs usually need little water", "People have to water the plants from time to time"]], "questions": ["What do we know about a green roof?", "Mr. Black who owns two buildings is interested in the green roofing system probably because  _  .", "How do the plants on green roofs get watered?"], "article": "A green roof is a roof of a building that is covered with vegetation over a waterproof membrane  . It is a proper method of growing plants on the roof and does not refer to the mere green color of the roof. People benefit a lot from these green roofing systems, and they are gaining popularity day by day.\nHuman beings have occupied major areas of land and transformed them into huge buildings, which has severely affected the environment and the natural habitat of bird and insects. Green roofing compensates for that. It creates a natural habitat for creatures like bees, grasshoppers and other insects.\nModern roofs need a lot of energy to control the temperatures in winter and summer. However, green roofs reduce the amount of energy required for controlling temperatures, thus making them energy-efficient. As green roofing is highly energy-efficient, it can act as a encouragement for people who are interested in green roofing systems and their benefits. It will increase the market value of the building and fetch the owner a great share of profit.\nAs the vegetation requires a water supply, there is a inbuilt water preservation layer in the green roof system. This layer helps to keep the rainwater. It makes full use of the rainwater and prevents wastage. During heavy rains, the water runs off the flat roof. The green roof prevents this overflow by slowing down the volume of running water.\nGreen roofs can compensate for the lost greenery in urban areas and increase the artistic value of an area. Your building will look beautiful, coated with green vegetation. Green roofs can serve as local community garden and create a natural atmosphere, giving physical and psychological benefits like reducing stress levels in people and keeping them physically fit. Besides, people can start their own small-scale cultivation  and experience the pleasure\nof gardening.", "id": "high9306.txt"}