{"answers": ["C", "A", "B"], "options": [["They want to show off their wealth.", "Food can show off their social position.", "They want to enjoy better things in life.", "They are wiser than any other persons."], ["who is believed to be a peace - lover", "who values the importance of success", "who cares little about the future of the world", "who shows his power to make money"], ["food is just a mirror of the human history", "we can know a person from what he eats", "people are particular about the food they eat", "what people eat may change their personalities"]], "questions": ["Why do some people mainly eat high quality food?", "A vegetarian may be a person  _  .", "From the passage, we can draw a conclusion that  _  ."], "article": "People express their personalities in their clothes, their cars, and their homes. Our diets can also show our personalities because we might choose certain food to tell people something about us.\nFor example, some people mainly enjoy high quality food, such as caviar   and lobster  , and they eat only in expensive restaurants - never in cafeterias or bars. They know about the \"better things in life\".\nSome people choose not to eat meat. Vegetarians often have more in common than just their diet. Their personalities might be similar too. For instance, vegetarians in the United States and Canada may be creative people, and they might not enjoy competitive sports or jobs. They worry about the health of the world, and they are probably strongly against the war.\nSome people eat mostly fast food. One study shows that many fast-food eaters have a lot in common, but they are very different from vegetarians. They are competitive and good at business. They are also usually in a hurry. Many fast-food eaters might not agree with this description of their personalities, but it is a common picture of them.\nSome people also believe that people of the same astrological sign have similar food personalities. Aries (born under the sign of Aries, between March 21 and April 20) usually like spicy foods, with a lot of onions and pepper. People with the sign of Taurus (April 21 to May 22) prefer healthful fruits and vegetables, but they often eat too much. Sagittarius (November 22 to December.22) like traditional food from many different countries.\nWhat is your food personality?", "id": "high9325.txt"}