{"answers": ["C", "D", "D", "C"], "options": [["playing computer games", "storing class documents", "communicating between students and teachers", "reducing the teachers' time to run the website"], ["buy a small space for the website", "put all the class information on it", "make it as appealing and colorful as possible", "focus more on some details rather than design"], ["Advantages on Setting up A Class Website", "Reasons for Setting up A Class Website", "How to Decorate A Class Website", "How to Create A Class Website"], ["novel", "poster", "magazine", "guidebook"]], "questions": ["According to the article, a class website is of great help in   _  .", "When you first create your class website, you are advised to   _  .", "The best title could be   _  .", "The article is probably taken from a   _  ."], "article": "A well-developed class website can save teachers a lot of time in the long run, improving both student-teacher and parent-teacher communication while providing a repository  of all classroom documents for future use. Although some extra time during the school year is required, once the site is up it needs just minor adjustments each new year. Have a question? Get an answer from online technology support now.\nDecide which type of software you will use to create a class website. Microsoft has many applications that can be used to create websites, such as Publisher, Word and Expression Web. Some web hosting sites also have simple editing tools you can use instead of a formal program.\nFind a place to host your class website. Your Internet provider often provides about some small space for a personal website for free, and many other free website hosting companies are on the Internet.\nConsider using a template for your first attempt at website design. Most templates also come with a selection of color and graphics already in place so you can concentrate on content instead of design. It will contain basic sections with your specific class information.\nAdd content to your website. You need to have announcement sections for both parents and students, a syllabus or class rules area, homework assignments or a calendar, and maybe a links section for learning more about in-class topics and playing educational games.\nDecorate your website with graphics, clip art, background, cool fonts and other decorative items. It's best to find a theme you like, such as ducks or fire hydrants, and make your design elements all stick with your theme. If you think that is too attractive, go for an abstract look. Remember to keep it simple since too much color and graphics make a site look busy and detract from its usability.", "id": "high9328.txt"}