{"answers": ["A", "B", "B", "C"], "options": [["Think twice about the adoption.", "Get detailed information about the pets.", "Make full preparations for the coming pet.", "Try to make the pet your family member."], ["Both cats and dogs need walking and attention.", "Both cats and dogs are human's good partners.", "All the animals in the shelter are in good condition.", "It's necessary to talk a lot with your new pets every day."], ["show concern for the animals", "set down an agreement on paper", "bring all the members to visit the shelter", "get it adjusted to a new environment immediately"], ["animal shelters", "shelter staff", "pet lovers", "pet protectors"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is the first important factor should be considered when adopting a pet?", "According to the article, which of the following statements is TRUE?", "Before a new pet comes home, we'd better   _  .", "The article is most likely intended for   _  ."], "article": "If your family is thinking of getting a pet, consider adopting from an animal shelter. Animal shelters are full of dogs, cats, rabbits, and more animals, all in need of loving homes. Some may come with emotional or behavioral issues, but most are happy, healthy, and ready for a loving home. Here are some tips for you to find great animals.\nMake some decision.\nThink about what you want in a pet and remember that all pets have different personalities. Cats tend to be more independent and need less affection, but kittens need lots of attention. Cats don't need to be walked, but you need to clip their nails and play with them. Dogs need to be walked at the very least twice a day. However, they are usually great companions and love to spend time with their family.\nVisit the shelter.\nSet aside at least a few hours to visit shelters in your area--remember that you may need to visit more than one visit. Try to bring along everyone who will be living with a new pet. Ask the shelter staff lots of questions. And never adopt an animal because you feel sorry for it--be patient so you find a pet who is truly a good match for your family.\nGet everything ready.\nBuy all necessary supplies and food well before the animal comes home. Make sure that the entire household is in agreement about rules and responsibilities--will the dog be allowed on the couch? Who will clean the litter box? Put it in writing before the pet arrives.\nBring your new friend home!\nYou'll probably be excited when your new pet arrives, but be sure to give them space and time to get adjusted to a new home and a new family. The pet may act differently once they leave the shelter. Interact with your pet a lot and get them used to a routine, and soon you'll be one big happy family !", "id": "high9329.txt"}