{"answers": ["D", "B"], "options": [["confused", "frightened", "annoyed", "excited"], ["Riding bicycle is Cob's favourite.", "Cob has a mixture of good and bad luck.", "How to live a happy and satisfying life.", "Cob suffered much physically in his family."]], "questions": ["Upon being taken to the farm, Cob felt  _  .", ".What does the passage mainly tell us?"], "article": "Cob is a six-year-old boy. An aid organization brought him to the farm run by Joy from another province. Both Cob's parents died of serious disease when he was a two-month-old baby. His eighty-year-old grandmother treated him badly. He developed a disease over time, which led to him being unable to keep things in mind well; on the other hand, there was nothing good for him to bear in mind as well.\nWhen he first arrived at the farm, it appeared to him like a huge playground. Cob plyed around, hid behind trees and bushes, and enjoyed this new area.\nOver time, he gained confidence, chose Joy as his new mother, and let her carry him around. Amy, Joy's real daughter, the same age as Cob, had to learn to share her mother with the other child. She also needed to see the other children as her brothers or sisters and accept them although she may be unwilling to do so.\nIn the beginning, Cob did not use the facilities  on the farm. Slowly Joy tried to help him use them and during the day, he kept on with them but not at night. All attempts  to send him to school failed. As soon as he arrived there, he ran off into the wide world like a free rabbit. He enjoyed running around in school rather than doing what teachers told him to do. Finally, the head teacher announced that the school was not suitable for Cob.\nCob had to go back to the farm. At daytime, he watched adults and elder children bicycle and if there was any chance, he took a bicycle, then pushed and pulled it up and down the hill. One day Cob found there was a small bicycle standing next to the big ones. It was a gift for him! It was new with wheels on each side of the back wheel, which was just right for a little child without any experience in riding a bicycle. Cob pushed it up the hill, got on it and off from time to time.\nFrom then on Cob began riding his bicycle every day. Although he often fell and got hurt, he went on. During rainy days, he stored the bicycle in his room and slept close to it at night. Maybe even in his dreams he was happy -- he had found the entrance to a happy and satisfying life.", "id": "high9342.txt"}