{"answers": ["B", "A", "C"], "options": [["Disappointed.", "Excited.", "Worried.", "Proud."], ["letter-writing skills are very important", "handwritten letters can bring admiration", "handwritten letters are more important than emails", "whether someone can write a letter makes little difference"], ["A study on why handwritten letters become less popular.", "A concern about the bad results of technology.", "A call for more attention to letter writing.", "A touching story between two friends."]], "questions": ["How did the author feel when receiving the handwritten letter?", "The author mentions Andrew Strauss's example in order to show that  _  .", "What's the text mainly about?"], "article": "What's this by my door? A handwritten letter from am old university friend. It stands out among the bills and junk mail like gold. Given its rareness, the Government should be praised for announcing that the new secondary school should include lessons that teach students how to write personal and business letters in the correct form.\nLetter-writing skills have fallen off a lot in the age of eamils and text messages. Many pupils leave school only able to write a letter for a job application, let alone other kinds of letters. You can't turn back the clock, but you can stick to your own rules to protect old-fashioned values. Someone who leaves school unable to write a letter is going into the adult world unprepared. And if teachers don't _ , who else will?\nUsually, it does not matter whether someone can write a letter or not -- other means of communication will serve. And with computerised spell-checks, people can get by for years without the kind of letter-writing skills. But it is the rare occasion that matters when things can not be made clear with a simple text. When the former England cricket  captain Andrew Strauss decided to leave his job, he had sent handwritten letters to his teammates. Many people thought it unbelievable. But among the disbelief there was something else: admiration, even among the Twitter generation .\nI have been a letter-writing lover all my adult life, and am just about to sit down and pen a reply to my university friend. And I hope the sight of a letter by his door will give him as much pleasure as his did me.", "id": "high9344.txt"}