{"answers": ["C", "B"], "options": [["Stop giving them allowance at once.", "Buy them something they are in need of.", "Give them more allowance if they help do the housework", "Encourage them to earn more allowance by doing part - time jobs."], ["expected her parents to think about her future", "expected to learn how to manage money", "worried about her ability to make a living", "had a better understanding of the author's course"]], "questions": ["What does the author advise parents to do when their children want more allowance ?", "We can learn from the passage that Nikola   _  ."], "article": "As an expert on education, I finished a Junior Achievement course at a local middle school last week. I received some meaningful answers when I asked teens what they would want to tell their parents about money.\nMax said,'Dear Mom, I need to give you some advice on money. I need more allowance  !\" I have to say many teenagers have the same idea as him. As an expert, I advise a little money for teens and more if they help with the housework. Now that your children are in middle school, it's time to think about paying them to do something. My daughter missed a lot of school when she was a junior so I promised to buy her a notebook computer if she didn't miss any school as a senior -- she got the computer finally. What worked for my other daughter was a clothing allowance for her joining in the housework. She would receive a set amount every two months; it taught her a valuable lesson: when the clothing money ran out, she couldn't buy more clothes until she got enough money through doing the housework. \"I need more allowance,\" should be the start, not the end, of a dialogue.\nGrace wanted to tell Mom, \"Only buy what we need.\" Spending wisely and saving money was a good theme from all the students. The idea of thinking carefully about spending is just what I taught them at class, but this is not the subject of this Junior Achievement course. It shows me that these teenagers look at their parents' spending habits, but they don't tell their parents their opinions about them. Therefore, Moms and Dads, pay attention and remember: your children watch everything you do when it comes to money -- do it right, point them in the right direction.\nNikola's advice is valuable to all parents -- \"Mom and Dad, I think I should be more involved in money and financial   things so I know how to do everything without a struggle when I get older.\" This child has got it right. Her answer shows the fact that parents are responsible   for the financial training of their children. It is one of our most important parental goals.", "id": "high9345.txt"}