{"answers": ["C", "B", "B", "A", "D"], "options": [["Some advice by Indiana education officials.", "The importance of learning typing in schools.", "A discussion about the importance of handwriting.", "The popularity of computers in schools."], ["It's difficult for students to learn writing", "In many cases, handwriting is useless.", "Handwriting has caused many problems", "Students show no interest in handwriting"], ["It's of no use for students to learn writing at school.", "Susan values her son's handwriting very much.", "Handwriting has already become a lost art.", "Kathy doesn't like the typed letters from others."], ["Could work as a feeling connection", "Was her stepmother's favorite", "Was completely dropped in Tennessee", "Brought much fun to her family"], ["Typing had already replaced handwriting worldwide.", "Susan's son cannot write his own name by hand.", "Ruth enjoys writing to her children and grandchildren.", "Handwriting can make one different from others."]], "questions": ["What is the passage mainly about?", "What both Rita and Brown have in common is that they believe  _  .", "Which of the following isTRUE?", "In Kathy's opinion, in a way, handwriting  _  .", "What can we learn from the passage?"], "article": "Like many other places in the world, recently, Indiana education officials decided that the schools of the state will not be required to teach handwriting skills to students any longer. Instead, they will focus their energies on teaching students how to type. Is handwriting still an important skill? An online survey received some surprising responses.\nHandwriting is not necessary. Students only need to know how to read it, and the only time that they must write something is to make a signature. Why stress them more than they need to be stressed? We already put so much pressure on them to perform on state tests. --Rita\nChildren don't write letters now. They send e-mails or text messages. A lot of those old ways are going away. How many bills do you pay by writing a check anymore? --Brown\nAlthough my son is not comfortable with writing, I bought a workbook for him to practice his handwriting. Can you imagine being an adult and not being able to sign a document? --Susan\nWhat a shame! I guess one day it will be a lost art, because handwriting is that personal and beautiful. It has personality --Anna\nThe school where I worked dropped handwriting several years ago. Unless the students have computers in class, they will not be able to take notes at high speed. I have to speak very slowly and stop after a sentence or two because many students write very slowly. --Helen\nThe same thing happened here in Tennessee this past year. I think it's a shame. I just received a handwritten letter from my stepmother and it meant that she spent time sitting and writing. Such a letter brought me a good feeling. --Kathy\nChildren should still learn writing, for the sake of having a skill that all people can communicate with. I certainly appreciate a handwritten note of thanks or news from my children and grandchildren. --Ruth", "id": "high9370.txt"}