{"answers": ["B", "A", "D", "C"], "options": [["It is of little value to domesticate them.", "It is hard to domesticate them.", "They are living a better life than Asian elephants.", "Their fate is quite similar to that of Asian elephants."], ["white elephant was a national symbol until the 1920s", "white elephant is rarely seen and thus very special", "white elephant has helped kings to gain the ruling authority", "this name was so romantic that it was popular among visitors"], ["Because there are too many elephants but too few jobs.", "Because the elephants can't do labor work any longer.", "Because the government pays little attention to the problem.", "Because the elephants are no longer useful to their owners."], ["a travel guide", "a history book", "a popular science magazine", "an official announcement"]], "questions": ["What can we know about African elephants from the passage?", "Thailand was once called \"Land of the White Elephant\" because   _  .", "Why is the Thai elephant \"out of work\", according to the author?", "The passage is most probably from   _  ."], "article": "In the countries of South and Southeast Asia, the elephant has been an important part of the culture, economy and religion for centuries. And nowhere more so than in Thailand. Unlike its African cousin, the Asian elephant is easily domesticated . The rare so-called white elephants have actually lent the power of royalty  to its rulers,and until the 1920s the national flag was a white elephant on a red background. To the early Western visitors, the country's romantic name was\" Land of the White Elephant\".\nToday, however, the story is very different. Out of work and out of land, the Thai elephant struggles for survival in a nation that no longer needs it. The elephant has found itself more or less deserted by previous owners who have moved on to a different economic world and a society in the western part. And while the elephant's problems began many years ago, now it has a very low national advantage.\nHow does the national symbol turn into ignored animals? It is a story of worse environment and the changing lives of the Thais themselves. According to Richard Lair, Thailand's expert on the Asian elephant and author of the report Gone Astray, at the turn of the last century, there may well have been as many as 100,000 national elephants in the country.\nIn the north of Thailand alone, it was estimated that more than 20,000 elephants were employed in transport, 1,000 of them alone on the road between the cities of Chiang Mai and Chiang Saen.\nThis was at a time when 90 percent of Thailand was still forest---a habitat that not only supported the animals but also made them necessary to carry goods and people. Nothing ploughs through thick forest better than lots of sure-footed elephants.\nBy 1950 the elephant population had dropped, but still to the number of 13, 397. However, today there are probably no more than 3,800, with another l,350 wandering free in the national parks. But now, Thailand's forest covers only 20 percent of the land. This deforestation is the central point of the elephant's difficult situation, for it has effectively put the animals out of work. This century, as the road network grew, the elephant's role as a beast of burden decreased.", "id": "high9371.txt"}