{"answers": ["C", "B", "C", "A"], "options": [["what meanings music has", "how we control our moods", "how music affects our moods", "what kind of music we listen to"], ["welcome the customers", "make customers feel good", "make customers dance", "make customers feel powerful"], ["most of us suffer depression all the time", "most of us respond to music in different ways", "music can be a good way to connect with others", "any kind of music will help us improve our moods"], ["Soft music.", "Classical music.", "Sad music.", "Rock music."]], "questions": ["The passage is mainly about   _  .", "According to the passage, playing music in restaurants is to   _  .", "From the passage, we can know that   _  .", "According to the passage, which kind of music can relax ourselves from a long day's work?"], "article": "Have you ever thought about why malls, restaurants, and even theaters have music? Well, to understand this, you simply just look back at how you felt when you heard music in these places. Music is known to improve the mood of people. Often music helps us pay attention to what we are doing. Music helps patients feel good and helps them recover faster and better.\nDepression  is a state of mind that most of us experience at some point of time. There are some periods in our life when everything seems difficult. It seems that everything is getting worse and we have no control over our life. Studies have shown that music can be an important mood lifter in such situations. Music also plays a great role in making us feel less nervous or worried. Anxiety  can often cause loss of sleep and other illnesses.\nMusic is often known as an international language. We may not know the language another person is speaking, but most of us respond to music in the same way. Music can often be the best way to connect with someone.\nMusic is one of the best ways to improve your moods, but this can depend largely on the kind of music you listen to. While happy music can certainly make you feel better, sad music can further lower your spirits. Listening to classical music can often make you feel a lot more powerful, while soft music can be the perfect way to relax at the end of a long way. If you want to use music to change the way how you are feeling, you need to understand the role of it, learn to recognize the kind of music that lifts your mood and helps you feel better. Once you realize the kind of music you can use, you can use it to change the way you feel. The right kind of music can be the perfect way to help us feel happier.", "id": "high9375.txt"}