{"answers": ["A", "C", "D"], "options": [["The origin and popularity of the TV firelog.", "Famous holiday traditions.", "What makes the TV firelog so popular.", "The TV firelog today."], ["To attract more people to watch their programs.", "To make people feel calm and comfortable by watching a crackling fire.", "To give the people working at the company a few days off at Christmas.", "To create more new traditions for people to celebrate Christmas."], ["More than three million people watched the channel in 1986.", "It was broadcast to people in Edmonton and across Canada when it first started.", "It has its own Twitter account but no Facebook page now.", "The burning of the firelog will last until Jan. 5 on Shaw Cable."]], "questions": ["What does this passage mainly talk about?", "For what purpose was the TV firelog created?", "What can we learn about the TV firelog from the passage?"], "article": "There are many traditions around the holidays. \"Holiday traditions\" are things that people do every year during a holiday such as Christmas or Thanksgiving. At Christmas, for example, many people put up a Christmas tree or Christmas lights. These are Christmas traditions that have been going on for many years. But there is a \"new\" Christmas tradition that has become very popular: _ , a TV channel that shows nothing but a large log fire, blazing in a fireplace.\nPeople put it on their TV and it makes them feel like they are watching and listening to a crackling fire. It makes them feel calm and comfortable. The origin  dates back to 1986 in Canada. At that time, not very many people knew about it or watched the channel. Today, more than three million people watch the firelog channel during the winter holiday season. That year, the firelog channel was created  to give the workers in the company that is now called Shaw Cable, a break at Christmas. By running the firelog during the holidays, everyone could go home for a few days and enjoy a bit of time off.\nAt that time, it was only broadcast to people in Edmonton but today it reaches people across Canada and beyond. This year, the Shaw firelog was updated. It is pretty high tech. Although it's still really just a fire log that has been filmed, it has its own Twitter account (@ShawFireLog), its own Facebook page and it even has a computer App so you can see the burning log on a smartphone or a tablet. The Shaw firelog will burn until Jan. 5 on Shaw Cable, channel 222.", "id": "high9379.txt"}