{"answers": ["D", "C", "A", "B"], "options": [["bring his son newspapers", "give his grandchildren some food", "take exercise by walking", "see his son and grandchildren"], ["kind", "selfless", "strict", "helpful"], ["the writer didn't know his grandfather's selflessness until years later", "the writer's grandfather went to his house except on snowy days", "the writer's grandfather ever looked after a woman in hospital for five years", "the writer's grandfather ever helped a stranger find a job in a supermarket"], ["felt a little surprised at first", "followed the example of his grandfather", "was much sad all the time", "didn't like his grandfather's action"]], "questions": ["The writer's grandfather walked to his grandson's home each day in order to   _  .", "All of the following can describe the writer's grandfather EXCEPT   _  .", "From the text we can infer that   _  .", "After learning about his grandfather's stories, the writer   _  ."], "article": "My grandfather lived only half a mile away from where I grew up in New York. Every day, he would walk down to our house and bring my dad newspapers. Along with the papers he would bring a small bag of treats   for my two brothers and me.\nWestern New York had terrible winter weather: rain, sleet  , or even 3 feet of snow. Even when he was 81, he still walked the half mile every single day. As a child, I looked forward to the daily treats, but now I'm older and I realize he braved the rough weather each day just to see us smile; I now value that more than anything else.\nMy grandfather touched many lives. A woman who had been in hospital for five years told me her story. She said my grandfather would visit her twice a week at her home: to read to her, play bridge, or just chat. It lasted for years without stop. She had few visitors. Even a _ who had traveled by getting free rides from passing cars told me of my grandfather's influence on his life. My grandfather had picked him up for free and took the traveler to his home. After learning that the man was homeless, my grandfather gave him a place to stay. The man told me that no one had ever been so nice to him. He later found a job in a supermarket.\nI was touched, but not surprised to know all of the touching stories from which I understood my grandfather's selflessness. I have since tried to learn from him to help others. Although he died years ago, we still respect him.", "id": "high9381.txt"}