{"answers": ["C", "D"], "options": [["Android", "V.P.N.", "Lookout", "Find My iPhone"], ["find their lost phone on the Internet", "remove all the data form the phone remotely", "check the bank balance now and then", "save their browsing from being tracked"]], "questions": ["Which of the following can warn you against the insecure network?", "By using V.P.N., users can   _  ."], "article": "Security--for the information on your smartphone, as well as for the phone itself---is a hot topic these days. The truth is that you're packing a lot of sensitive information on your phone, and you should keep it safe.\nWhen it comes to physical security, iPhone users would do well to download Find My iPhone, a free app from Apple that allows you to visit a website and see your (lost, stolen or misplaced) phone on the map. You can then sound an alarm, send a message that will pop up on its screen, lock the phone or erase all your data.\nAndroid does not have an exact equivalent , but there are plenty of alternatives. A free app called Lookout offers the find-my-phone feature. The paid version allows you to wipe the data from your phone remotely.\nThen there is your coffee shop's WiFi network. Anyone with minimal technical expert skill can snoop on  people using shared wireless networks, harvesting passwords and other personal data. Lookout's apps will caution you when you've logged on to an insecure network, but cannot protect you once you're there.\nIn order to protect yourself on such networks, you can use a virtual private network, or V.P.N. This turns all your activity into nonsense to anyone trying to read along with you from across the Starbucks. It also keeps websites from tracking you and, if you're traveling, allows you to get access to sites that may be blocked in other countries.\nIf you have an iPhone, the simplest V.P.N. app is probably Hotspot Shield, whose distinguishing feature is said to be that it automatically kicks in each time you start browsing  , as opposed to other V.P.N. apps that require you to start them up manually . This matters, because even if you decide you want a V.P.N. app, you want to spend approximately zero time thinking about it. For the most part, _ was true of Hotspot Shield, though occasionally it took a while to connect or temporarily lost connection without warning. I found myself having to turn the app on and off sometimes, which involved setting my phone constantly.\nIf even reading about the setting on your phone drives you crazy, then it is probably best to stay away from a V.P.N. app. But if you're the type who can't resist checking your bank balance from your comer bar, the hassle   may be preferable to the risk.", "id": "high9382.txt"}