{"answers": ["D", "B", "C"], "options": [["Beautiful View from the Oriental Pearl TV Tower", "The Functions of the Oriental Pearl TV Tower", "Special Economic Zone of Pudong", "The Oriental Pearl TV Tower-the Landmark of Shanghai"], ["It took people about 5 years to complete the construction of the tower.", "Visitors can have a cup of coffee and relax themselves in the tower.", "The tallest tower in the world is not higher than1,536 feet.", "Pudong Park faces the tower across the Huang-Pu River."], ["350", "263", "105", "267"]], "questions": ["Which one is the best title of the passage?", "What can we infer from the passage?", "The Sightseeing Floor is   _  meters from the top of the tower."], "article": "Anyone arriving in Shanghai at night from the airport for the first time is immediately attracted by the Oriental Pearl TV Tower , which stands out in the evening sky like an amazing space ship landing. Dramatic lighting effects make this unusual structure attractive.\nThis ultra-modern tower combines ancient concepts such as the spherical  pearls, with 21st century technology, commerce, recreation, educational and conference facilities. In 1995 it began broadcasting nine television channels and 10 FM radio channels. The construction began in 1991 and was completed in 1995. This 468-meter-high (1,536 feet) tower is the tallest tower in Asia, and the third tallest tower in the world.  The viewing area offers a great view of the most recently developed Special Economic Zone of Pudong . Visitors travel up and down the tower in double-decker elevators that can hold up to fifty people at the rate of seven meters per second.\nAt the base of the tower is Pudong Park, which was designed as a contrast to the massive commercial development of the Special Economic Zone of Pudong. There are wonderful views across the Huang-Pu River from the \"New Bund \" to the original.\nThe tower has three observatory levels. The highest one (Space Module) is at 350m. The lower ones are at 263m (Sightseeing Floor) and at 90m (Space City). There is a revolving  restaurant at the 267m level. The project also contains exhibition facilities, restaurants and a shopping mall. There is also a 20-room hotel called the Space Hotel between the two big balls.", "id": "high9397.txt"}