{"answers": ["A", "B"], "options": [["will be out of date quite soon.", "is no longer listened to today.", "will always be loved by some people.", "is the best tool to introduce new songs."], ["People prefer to listen to music online nowadays.", "Technology is greatly changing the music industry.", "The number of live concerts has greatly increased.", "CD sales in the United States have greatly dropped."]], "questions": ["According to Bob Pittman, radio   _  .", "What is the main idea of the passage?"], "article": "Technology is creating big changes in the music industry. Music lovers listen to and buy music on the Internet. They can watch live concerts of favorite artists online. And music makers, as well as music industry officials, use social media  to reach an increase public interest.\nNick Sherwin is the founder of the band called Suburban Skies. He says today's technology permits a band to control its own future. He said, \"Social media is a wonderful thing. You can make use of it to reach the public.\" Sherwin says the Internet and social media have created possibilities for musicians. He says the new way to success is to give visitors more than one type of experience. \"The most important thing is the content. You have to have songs and videos to show the audience. But I think it is extremely important to do shows, to build your brand, and to make you well known, \" Sherwin said.\nMusic industry officials discussed the future of the business during an international conference in Los Angeles, California. They said musicians are choosing to perform live across the country, following the drop in CD sales in the Unites States. Rob Light is head of music with a creative artists agency. He said, \"Most of the income for artists is now coming from the live marketplace.\"\nAlong with the popularity of live music there has been a big increase in the number of music festivals. These events are advertised on social media. Pasquale Rotella leads Insomniac, a company that produces electronic dance music festivals in several countries. \"Someone could make it in their bedroom and put it out there. People can gain fans online without anyone's help. That has completely helped the growth of dance music. \" said Rotella.\nBob Pittman leads the radio organization -- Clear Channel Communication. He says music lovers are still listening to the radio, although there are new ways of finding music. He says 70 percent of Americans say they discover new music from what they hear on the radio. But Rob Light says radio will soon be a thing of the past. However, Nick Sherwin is not worried. He just wants to reach everyone who likes his style of music with the help of the Internet.", "id": "high9401.txt"}