{"answers": ["D", "C", "D", "B"], "options": [["a textbook", "a book review", "a science magazine", "a news report"], ["saving power and energy", "protecting belongings of the homeless", "decorating the streets where they are", "keeping the homeless safe and comfortable"], ["the shelters can't be removed", "the homeless don't like the shelters", "Greg Kloehn has sold at least 20 tiny houses", "an act of kindness has made people simple and grateful"], ["A successful social project in Oakland.", "An artist creates homes for the homeless.", "A more comfortable shelter on the streets.", "An artist makes a living by designing small shelters."]], "questions": ["The passage is likely to be taken from   _  .", "The followings are the advantages of the small shelters EXCEPT  _  .", "We can learn from the passage that   _  .", "What's the main idea of the passage?"], "article": "An artist in Oakland, California is using his skills to help the homeless. Greg Kloehn builds very small shelters that make life on the streets more comfortable. The structures offer the homeless some safety and protection from bad weather. Each little house also has wheels on the bottom so it can go wherever its owner goes.\nGreg Kloehn has given away at least 20 tiny houses to the homeless on the street. On a recent day, Mr. Kloehn stops to visit his homeless friends. One of them is Oscar Young. The two men hug when they see each other. Inside his little shelter Mr. Young gets relief from cold nights on the streets. Mr. Kloehn also visits Sweet-Pea, another friend who also lives in one of the little homes the artist built. She says it keeps her safe and protects her belongings.\nIn the mornings, Mr. Kloehn searches the streets for building materials. He gathers what he can and takes it to his studio. There, he puts the houses together. Empty coffee bags become roof material. A washing machine door and refrigerator part become windows. Nails, screws and the sticky glue hold all the pieces together. The artist also attaches a small electrical device  to the house. The device is powered by the sun.\nSome of the people living on the streets once had normal houses of their own. But some of the people say they have learned to live with less and they are thankful to that man.\nMr. Kloehn says his work is not a social project. He says he is just someone using his skills to help his homeless neighbors.", "id": "high9409.txt"}