{"answers": ["D", "D", "C"], "options": [["nervous", "cheerful", "satisfied", "embarrassed"], ["Sam", "Rebecca", "Verna", "Lauren"], ["Benefits of using a proper pen name.", "How to win plenty of readers and reputation.", "Things to consider while choosing a pen name.", "How to select a pen name when writing different genres."]], "questions": ["When recommending your book with a pen name hard to pronounce, your readers may feel   _  .", "If the author of a best-seller of your kind uses a pen name like Patricia, you'd better choose   _  .", "What is the passage mainly about?"], "article": "There are various advantages of using a pen name. In case the author writes on various topics or in different genres  , using a pen name would be very useful. For example, let's say an author is an expert in writing on serious topics, like business or finance, and also likes writing fiction stories, like romance. In such an author's case, a pen name could save him from losing his readers as well as reputation.\nWill you be okay with any pen name? No, you should make sure that it is easy to spell and pronounce. If you come up with a name that is difficult to pronounce, maybe your readers will not want to recommend your book to someone. They may not ask for your book at a library. Why? Because it could be pronounced wrongly and may sound foolish in front of others. This is the reason why your pen name should be easy to pronounce.\nNot only should your pen name be easy to spell and pronounce, but it should also be professional. The idea is to get a name that should be memorable, not mock-able.\nIf you are trying to pen your pen name in a way that is too similar to an existing author's pen name, you are doing yourself no good.\nOne small trick that could at least guarantee 'a look at your book' in the library is by using the correct initials. If you find that a particular best-selling author in your genre of writing has his name starting with 'B', maybe you could think of starting your pen name with 'A'. People are going to search the library shelves from left to right to locate that famous author, and in the process, may come across your book.\nYour pen name has to be distinguished because it is going to last all your life.", "id": "high9413.txt"}