{"answers": ["D", "B", "B"], "options": [["a terrible electrical accident happened to him", "nobody in the world cared about him", "he was struck by the lightning once more", "he had to live in a dark and silent world"], ["Putting an end to his life", "Sheltering from the rain under a tree", "Taking a walk with a stick", "Lying on the ground"], ["A Terrible Electrical Accident", "What a Sudden Shock", "An Unforgettable Experience", "James Francoand His Wife"]], "questions": ["The reason why James attempted to kill himself was that   _  .", "What was James doing when he was struck by the lightning?", "Which of the following can be the best title for the text?"], "article": "Having experienced a shocking electrical accident, which caused him to become both blind and deaf,James Francos world became completely dark and quiet for almost ten years. The loss of sight and hearing threw him into such sorrow that he tried a few times to put an end to his life. His family, especially his wife, did their best to tend and comfort him and finally he regained the will to live.\nOne hot summer afternoon, he was taking a walk with a stick near his house when a thunderstorm started all at once. He stood under a large tree to avoid getting wet, but he was struck by the lightning. Witnesses thought he was dead but he woke up 20 minutes later, lying face down in muddy water. He was trembling badly, but when he opened his eyes, he could hardly believe what he saw: a tree and a muddy road. When Mrs. Franco came running up to him, shouting to their neighbors to call for help, he could see her and hear her voice for the first time in nearly ten years.\nThe news of James regaining his sight and hearing quickly spread and many doctors came to examine him. Most of them said that he regained his sight and hearing from the shock he got from the lightning. However, none of them could give a _ answer as to why this should happen. The only reasonable explanation given by one doctor was that, since James lost his sight and hearing as a result of a sudden shock, perhaps, the only way for him to regain them was by another sudden shock.", "id": "high9420.txt"}