{"answers": ["D", "D", "A", "A"], "options": [["protect the animals from being killed", "promote the development of agriculture", "help us lose weight and keep self-confidence", "be good for our health and make a change for the climate"], ["Deforestation", "Fertilizer", "Machinery", "Grains"], ["eat more vegetables than meat", "stop raising the cattle", "plant more grains", "use less fertilizer"], ["The benefits of eating green.", "How to reduce the carbon.", "The change of our menu.", "The ways of keeping healthy."]], "questions": ["According to the passage, eating green will  _  .", "What will not lead to carbon in the agriculture?", "In the author's opinion, the most efficient way to reduce carbon is to  _  .", "What is the passage mainly about?"], "article": "If you really want to go green, here's good news: eating green is good for you. The very foods with a high carbon cost---meat, pork, dairy products, processed snacks---also tend to be filled with fat and calories. A green diet would be mostly vegetables and fruits, whole grains, fish and lean meats like chicken---a diet that's eco- and waistline-friendly. Eating green can be healthier and beneficial to the climate.\nIt may be hard to believe that a meal at McDonald's produces more carbon than your trip to a far away place. More than 37% of the world's land is used for agriculture, much of which was once forested. Deforestation   is a major source of carbon. The fertilizer   and machinery needed on a modern farm also have a large carbon footprint, as does the network of ships and trucks that brings the food from the farm to your plate.\nThe most efficient way to reduce the carbon footprint of your menu is to eat less meat, especially beef. Raising cattle takes a lot more energy than growing the equivalent   amount of grains, fruits or vegetables. What's more, the majority of cattle in the U.S. are fed on grain and loads of it---670 million tons in 2002---and the fertilizer used to feed that creates separate environmental problems.\nFocus on eating lower on the food chain, with more plants and fruits and less meat and dairy. It's simple. We can change today what goes into our bodies for the health of our planet and ourselves.", "id": "high9432.txt"}