{"answers": ["B", "C", "D"], "options": [["Because it is popular with teens.", "Because it meets teens' need of belonging.", "Because it is where teens can be themselves.", "Because it provides an opportunity for them to be away from their parents."], ["Because kids in there don't have independent thinking.", "Because kids in there are not allowed to have their own opinions.", "Because kids in there sometimes are pressured.", "Because kids in there are forced to lie to their parents."], ["He is very supportive to it.", "He is strongly against it.", "He is not against it, though he doesn't like it.", "He is not against it. However, he has some worry about it."]], "questions": ["Why do teens want to be a member of a clique?", "Why can cliques be harmful?", "What is the writer's attitude toward the clique?"], "article": "A clique(,) is a group of friends who hang out together and act in similar ways. Cliques are common feature of the teen years. Members of a clique usually have certain things in common. For example, they might all be good students. Membership in a clique is limited. Not everyone who wants to belong can join.\nCliques can have a positive or negative influence. Because most teens have a strong need to belong, they want to feel that they fit into a group. Cliques can help them meet this need. Sometimes teens feel unsure of themselves, and they use a clique to gain approval of what they wear or how they act.\nCliques can become harmful, however, if they pressure members to behave the same way as the group that may damage their health. Cliques may discourage members from making their own decisions, giving their own opinions, or having other friends who aren't accepted by the clique. Cliques may even pressure members to act in ways that go against their own values and beliefs, such as lying to parents or teachers. Cliques can also hurt people outside the group. For example, members might make fun of a teen who isn't in the clique.\nIf you find yourself under this type of pressure from a clique, here are some actions you can take to improve your situation.\n* Suggest other activities. Offer ideas that don't involve hurting others or putting anyone at risk.\n* Find new friends. If staying in the clique is becoming a negative experience, you will be better off with new friends.", "id": "high9436.txt"}