{"answers": ["A", "D", "C"], "options": [["I disobeyed his rules in class", "I didn't go to his class", "I didn't answer his questions", "I was naughty in my homework"], ["He would be glad to eat his delicious sandwich with the bug.", "He would eat it as usual when he had his sandwich.", "He would cry because he was afraid of the bug in his sandwich.", "He would be very angry when he found the bug in his sandwich."], ["He had to be punished to leave school for two weeks.", "He was kicked off the football and basketball team.", "He had to eat the sandwich he had made for Mr. Oven.", "He had to write a 1000-word essay to acknowledge his mistake."]], "questions": ["Mr. Oven criticized me a lot because   _  .", "How can you imagine Mr. Oven when he had his lunch?", "Which one was NOT true according to the article?"], "article": "When I was in junior high school, I was really a bad boy. My history teacher--Mr. Oven criticized me a lot because I was naughty in his class. By the end of the first semester, I'd had enough of his words and had decided that I would get my revenge on him.\nThe opportunity arose one morning when Mr. Oven was called to the office for a certain reason. While Mr. Oven left, my company Billy and I grabbed Mr. Oven's lunch bag from under his desk. I opened his sandwich and placed a bug in between the two slices of bread. We put it back and closed it. To keep it in memory, Billy took photos of the whole process. We laughed for weeks over this.\n _ Billy's mother found the pictures in his room, and demanded that he should tell her where these pictures were from. Billy told his mother the whole story, and Mr. Oven was informed. Not only was I punished from school for two weeks, but also I was kicked off the football and basketball team. Before I could return to school, I had to turn in a 1000-word essay on what I did and why I did that. I really felt embarrassed every time I saw Mr. Oven in the hallway for the rest of the school year. I felt a little regret that Mr. Oven left our school the next year.", "id": "high9460.txt"}