{"answers": ["D", "A", "C"], "options": [["between family members", "between strangers", "between friends", "between neighbors"], ["The author's friend dealt with the incident patiently after it happened.", "The author's old neighbor had a bad relationship with all his neighbors.", "It was the first time that the author's cat had made the neighbor angry.", "The neighbor didn't say bad words about the cat's action."], ["throw his cat away", "send his cat to others", "feel relaxed and happy", "become more nervous"]], "questions": ["The story happened  _  .", "What can we learn from the text?", "We can infer from the text that after the talk with his old neighbor, the author would  _  ."], "article": "Yesterday my old neighbor knocked on my door angrily. Obviously, my cat, Rocco, had left a turd   in his perfect flower beds.\nFortunately, I wasn't home when this happened, so he angrily complained to my friend and neighbor Kate about this. She was kind enough to listen to him and to go down into the garden with him to have a look. She even took a picture.\nWhen I got home later, Kate had left a message on my answering machine about the incident. Hearing it was about my cat again, my stomach turned. Several weeks before, he'd gotten so upset that he threatened to put rat traps on the ground, hoping that would frighten me into keeping my cat indoors. So, I was a little _ this time.\nBut I couldn't help but laugh when Kate told me the whole story. I understood what gardening meant to him. Since my old neighbor retired ten years ago, he had spent all of his time on his garden. So when I saw him in the garden later on, I went to talk to him. To my surprise, it turned out quite nice. I was really surprised to find that I had the grace   not to respond to his bad words. Instead, I engaged   him in a conversation on the beautiful flowers he'd planted, the color combinations and the care he took to create such a sense of order. I tried to convey my understanding and appreciation without complimenting or talking down to him. I was really amazed by how that turned out. We hadn't had a conversation like that for over a year!", "id": "high9477.txt"}