{"answers": ["B", "C", "A", "C"], "options": [["Student drivers carry small radios with earphones when they drive on the street.", "Students listen to music before class, after class, and at lunch.", "Adult drivers only listen to news except music when they drive to work.", "Adult drivers never listen to music when they drive to work."], ["5.", "6.", "7.", "8."], ["is a kind of music that is important in America", "is a kind of folk music", "is only sung by cowboys", "is serious music for the concert halls"], ["All people in America like popular music.", "Pop singers can get all the money from the tapes.", "Now, western or country music is a little different from its beginning.", "Liang Shanbo and Zhu Yingtai is a kind of pop music."]], "questions": ["What can we know about music and people in America?", "How many kinds of music are mentioned in the passage?", "Country music   _  .", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?"], "article": "Music is an international language. The songs that are sung or played by instruments are beautiful to all people everywhere.\nPopular music in America is what every student likes. Students carry small radios with earphones and listen to music before class, after class, and at lunch. Students with cars buy large speakers and play the music loudly as they drive on the street.\nAdult drivers listen to music on the car radio as they drive to work. They also listen to the news about sports, the weather, politics ,and activities of the American people.\nPop or popular music singers make much money. They make a CD or tape which radio stations use in every state. Once the popular singer is heard throughout the country, young people buy his or her tapes. Some of the money from these tapes comes to the singer. Wherever the singer goes, ail the young people want to meet him or her. Now the singer has become a national star.\nThere are other kinds of music that are important to Americans. One is called folk music. It tells stories about the common life of Americans. Another is called western or country music. This was started by cowboys who would sing at night to the cows they were watching. Today, any music about country life and the love between a country boy and his girl is called western or country music.\nSerious music for the concert halls is called classical music. Music for instruments is called orchestra music,such as the symphonies of Beethoven. There is opera for singers. There is ballet  for dancers like the story of Liang Shanbo and Zhu Yingtai in China.", "id": "high9498.txt"}