{"answers": ["B", "B"], "options": [["A courageous and selfless nurse.", "Give her a medal: Woman saves family members from Ebola.", "A family survived Ebola with the help of government.", "The dreadful disease Ebola."], ["Because a patient died from an Ebola infection in the hospital in Kanata.", "Because they were turned down by hospitals and little can be done to her father.", "Because Moses were already recovering when he was admitted to the JFK Medical Center.", "Because nurses started dying of Ebola and many hospitals were shut down."]], "questions": ["What is the best title for the passage?", "Why Kekula took her father home?"], "article": "Fatu Kekula is a hero. The 22-year-old Liberian nursing student, in her final year, managed to save the members of her immediate family from the Ebola virus, all without the help and convenience of a hospital.\nKekula reduced the rate to 25 percent. Four of her family members were infected with the virus. Her father, Moses, her mother, Victoria, her sister, Vivian and her 14-year-old cousin, Alfred Winnie. Sadly, Kekula's cousin _ the virus. It's also impressive to note that while Kekula was treating her family members she managed to avoid Ebola entirely.\nOn July 27, Kekula's father, Moses, went to a hospital in Kanata, after his blood pressure rose sharply. The only reason the hospital had a bed to offer him was because someone had just died. But the staff in the hospital didn't realize the patient died from an Ebola infection. Shortly, after he was admitted to the hospital, Moses developed a fever, started vomiting and was suffering from diarrhea. Once nurses started dying of Ebola, the hospital shut down and Moses had to leave. Kekula drove 90 minutes to Monrovia, the capital of Liberia, to seek treatment. Three hospitals turned them away because there is no spare bed for patients at all.\nKekula made the drive back to Kanata to another hospital. They told Moses he had typhoid fever and did very little to treat him. So Kekula took him home. Once he was there, he infected three other family members. Her mother, sister and their cousin who was living with them.\nKekula only lost one patient, her cousin. Her method proved so effective that international aid workers, including UNICEF, began teaching it to others in West Africa who may not be able to get to hospitals for treatment.\nHer father, mother and sister were already recovering when space became available at the JFK Medical Center on August 17. Alfred passed away at the hospital the next day. Kekula's father, Moses said, \"I'm very, very proud. She saved my life through the almighty God.\"", "id": "high9503.txt"}