{"answers": ["D", "A", "C"], "options": [["To make a voyage from Southampton, England to New York.", "To mark the 100th anniversary of the sinking of the Titanic.", "To realize Mr. Palmer's dream of constructing a luxuriousocean liner.", "Not clearly talked about in the passage."], ["Titanic II will be powered by modern diesel and electric engines.", "The appearance of Titanic II will be more luxurious.", "The construction of Titanic II will be more complex.", "The number of the lifeboats on Titanic II will be smaller."], ["It will sink with a hole in it.", "It will definitely be a great success.", "It is worthwhile to build it.", "It will make him lose money."]], "questions": ["Why is the Titanic replica being built?", "What is the difference between the Titanic II and the original one?", "What is Mr. Palmer's attitude towards his Titanic II replica?"], "article": "Just weeks after a special memorial voyage to mark the 100th anniversary of the sinking of the Titanic, an Australian billionaire has announced plans to build an exact replica  of the Titanic, which is just as similar to the original one as possible. The Titanic replica will make its first voyage from Southampton, England to New York in 2016.\nThe Titanic is a famous ship that sank in 1912. The attractive story of the ocean liner  has made millions of people interested in it around the world. It was believed to be an unsinkable ship but it hit an iceberg and sank on its first voyage. More than 1,500 people died in the sinking of the Titanic, which at the time was the world's largest and most luxurious ocean liner.\nWhen fully built, the Titanic II will be 270 meters (886 feet) long and capable of holding 1,680 passengers. Unlike the original Titanic which was powered by coal-fired boiler and steam engines, the Titanic II will have modern diesel  and electric engines. Also unlike the first Titanic, the Titanic II will have more than enough lifeboats to accommodate everyone on board if something should go wrong.\nWhen asked whether the new replica would sink, Mr. Palmer replied: \"Of course it will sink if you put a hole in it. He also added \"It will be designed as a modern ship with all the technology to ensure that doesn't happen.\"\nWhen Mr. Palmer was asked if he expected hisTitanic to be successful, he simply said: \"At my age, you don't really worry so much about whether you'll make money or lose money on something, but I believe that it is worth building it.\"", "id": "high9504.txt"}