{"answers": ["D", "B"], "options": [["His father bought him the Poknemon toys.", "Fortunately, he was the hundredth customer and won the Poknemon toys.", "The cashier felt sympathy for the little boy and gave him the Poknemon toys.", "The little girl bought the Poknemon toys for him."], ["Her grandparents wanted her to be happy.", "Making the little boy happy made her happy.", "The Poknemon toys made her happy.", "Her grandparents hoped that she could help others."]], "questions": ["How did the little boy get the Pokemon toys?", "What did the little girl mean when saying \" Daddy, didn't grand-parents want me to buy something that would make me happy?\""], "article": "I was doing some Christmas shopping in a toy store and decided to look at Barbie dolls for my nieces. A nicely dressed little girl was excitedly looking through the Barbie dolls as well. As she was looking, a little boy came to the Pokemon toys. He was dressed neat-ly, but his clothes were obviously old. He was with his father as well, and kept picking up the Pokemon video toys. Each time he picked one up and looked at his father, his father shook his head and said,\"No. \"\nThe little girl had chosen her Barbie. However, she stopped and was watching them. Rather dejectedly, the boy had to give up the Pokemon toys and choose something else. The little girl put her Barbie back on the shelf, and ran over to the Pokemon toys. She excitedly picked up one and raced towards the checkout. I picked up my purchases and got in line behind them. Then, much to the little girl's delight, the little boy and his father got in line behind me. After the toy was paid for and bagged, the little girl handed it back to the cashier  and whispered something in her ear. The cas her smiled and put the package under the counter.\nI paid for my purchases and was rearranging things when the little boy came up to the cashier. The cashier checked his purchases and said,\" Congratulations, you are my hundredth customer today, and you win a prize !\" With that, she handed the little boy the Pokemon toys, and he could only stare in surprise. It was exactly what he had wanted ! The little girl and her father had been standing at the doorway during all of this. Then they walked out. As I walked back to my car, I heard the father ask his daughter why she had done that. I'll never forget what she said to him. \"Daddy, didn't grandparents want me to buy something that would make me happy?\" He said,\"Of course they did, honey. \" To which the little girl replied,\" Well, I just did !\"\nI feel very shocked to have witnessed the true spirit of Christmas in that toy store, in the form of a little girl who understands more about the meaning of this festival than most adults I know.", "id": "high9518.txt"}