{"answers": ["A", "D", "D", "A"], "options": [["Something done to gain knowledge while traveling.", "Something done to know more about one's own country while traveling.", "Something done to know more about a foreign country while traveling.", "Something done to seek for more friends while traveling."], ["Schools and churches.", "Government buildings.", "Places of amusement.", "Historical places and museums."], ["Educational trips always cover long distances.", "When on educational trips, you seldom have the chance to talk with other people.", "Educational trips are always too short to learn knowledge.", "Learning the culture first is a must before you go on educational trips."], ["go with groups of other students", "avoid the top spots", "book one in advance", "learn the culture first"]], "questions": ["What are educational tours according to the passage?", "What places are people most likely to go to in an educational tour?", "Which statement is correct according to the passage?", "If you want to go on a cheap and safe educational trip, you'd better   _  ."], "article": "There's no need to say it, but there are really more than a few benefits to educational tours. From the word itself, an educational tour is something done to gain knowledge while traveling and touring to some place. It creates opportunities for people to think out of the box and see things and places that aren't usually seen in their normal environment.\nEducational trips aren't always those that cover far distances. As already said, it is done to gain knowledge and you wouldn't need to go very far to have it. Sometimes, an educational trip could be in your hometown.\nHistoric places and museums are always on top of the lists of the places to go in an educational tour. Educational tours like these would make you know your country better. Your country's history is rich and it is the reason why you came. But remember that the history of other states, counties and countries are as important as your own.\nWhen you go on a trip to another country, it is likely that you learn their culture first. Different cultures have different understanding and perspective of different acts, and it could be dangerous or offending if you cannot understand a culture.\nWhen you go on an educational tour, it is likely that you would have the opportunity to socialize with other people. Students are encouraged to talk to locals and natives and learn from them, because it is with understanding that students gain knowledge. When students talk with local people, they are gaining insights to their life and their culture. It is said that when in Rome, act and think as the Romans do, and this is a valuable skill that not all people could do.\nThere are millions of people who want to travel, and an educational tour is the perfect time to do so. Traveling opens new doors and opportunities; it always makes you want to learn more. Cultures are many and widely different, and it is a very valuable talent to understand the people of different cultures.\nTraveling with groups of other students is safer than traveling alone, and bulk travels like those could also be helpful on the budget. Group of friends could stay at one place and get discounts on the place that you wouldn't get if you are traveling alone. Traveling is fun and more budget-friendly when with other people on an educational tour.\nTravel abroad for a month, try and see if you wouldn't miss your own country. Traveling would let you see your own country in a different way. The benefits of an educational tour are all important, but this one creates patriotism in a person.\nA school isn't a place where they teach you to find the answers; it is a place where one teaches you to find the questions and learn the answers for yourself. Educational tours are valuable this way. They teach you that you are not the only one seeking for questions and that there are other people who are willing to help you on your way too.", "id": "high9519.txt"}