{"answers": ["B", "D", "C", "D"], "options": [["Americans are more socially connected today.", "Americans are more socially isolated today.", "Technology plays a bigger role in American society.", "Americans don't make good use of technology."], ["Age.", "Education.", "Skin color.", "Sex."], ["They came for therapy in the same car.", "They were quite close to each other.", "There was not much communication between them.", "They preferred talking to each other on cell phones."], ["puzzled", "disappointed", "amused", "surprised"]], "questions": ["What does the passage lead you to believe?", "Which of the following has nothing to do with the isolation among Americans?", "What is true about the mother and son in the passage?", "The author probably feels   _   with the mother and son."], "article": "Technology has totally transformed our ability to communicate with each other. Linking to each other both literally and figuratively, many of us connect through cell phones, email, instant messaging, blogs, and networking web sites, yet we may be less connected to each other than we think.\nAccording to a study, Americans are becoming increasingly socially isolated  . The study suggests, for example, that one quarter of Americans say that they have no one to discuss important personal issues with, and that the number of close friends that Americans have has dropped from three to two. Meanwhile, the Boston Globe reports that this spreading isolation is experienced more sharply among those with less education, people of color, and older Americans. Unsurprisingly, those who are young, white, and well educated tend to have stronger social networks.\nFrom my own experience I have to say that I've never felt more connected, thanks to a web of friends, family, and colleagues. One of my closest friends is someone I met through an online discussion group who lives hundreds of miles away from me. We have met face-to-face only twice, yet our regular electronic correspondence and cell phone calls maintain our close friendship. And, speaking of blogging, my blog has introduced me to people I would never have met otherwise and has led to enduring and important friendships.\nOn the other hand, I recently saw a scene unfold that proved to me how deeply disconnected we as Americans have become. I had just wrapped up a presentation on mediation at a family therapy  center.\nAs I was leaving, I noticed a mother and her teenage son who had just completed their session with their family therapist. After making their next appointment, they both took out their cell phones, placed calls, and began loud conversations with whoever was on the other end. I walked out behind them to the parking lot to my car. They both jumped into their cars, and, as I saw them drive off, they were still talking on their cell phones.\nBut, alas, not to each other.", "id": "high9524.txt"}