{"answers": ["D", "C", "A"], "options": [["Technology.", "Society.", "Culture.", "Health."], ["holding professional games around the US", "spreading the sport all over the US", "helping patients return to a normal life", "making people want to play sports"], ["To introduce some possible sports to wheelchair users.", "To introduce some products to the wheelchair users.", "To encourage wheelchair users to compete with each other.", "To talk about the differences between these sports."]], "questions": ["In which part of the newspaper will you read this passage?", "In the beginning, wheelchair basketball was started for the purpose of   _  .", "What is the main idea of the passage?"], "article": "Just because you are in a wheelchair doesn't mean you can't enjoy the competitiveness  --the all-around fun --that playing sports offers you. More and more wheelchair users are playing sports every day --some even on a professional level. The following are just a few examples of the different choices you have. \n     Wheelchair basketball is a very common wheelchair sport. It was started over forty years ago as part of a medical recovery  program. Over the years it has grown rapidly. Today wheelchair basketball is a professional sport that has more than 180 teams across the United States. In order to play wheelchair basketball, it is essential to have a lightweight wheelchair. Several different kinds of sports wheelchairs are on the market today just for sports fans. \n     Another wheelchair sport, quad rugby , was specifically designed for people who can't move their arms or legs and are unable to play wheelchair basketball. It is a mixture of wheelchair basketball and ice hockey. To play the game you must have two teams of four players each. \n     Power soccer is another fun wheelchair sport that can be very fun and exciting. Players in power soccer must have an electric wheelchair. Two teams have two 30-minute halves to push the soccer ball over the other team's goal line. The first team to reach the other team's goal line most frequently wins. \n     Based on the sport you choose to take part in, there are several things you can buy for your wheelchair, including belts, gloves, bags for carrying things, drink holders and special back supports.", "id": "high9534.txt"}