{"answers": ["B", "C", "C", "B", "A"], "options": [["Playing video games too much is bad for kids'health.", "Playing video games seems to be beneficial to young patients' recovery.", "Doctors find that reducing pain helps patients recover faster.", "Doctors invent a game to help kids in hospitals."], ["About 3 hours.", "About 6 hours.", "About 9 hours.", "About 21 hours."], ["encourage kids to play online games", "teach kids how to design video games", "help kids who are suffering from illness connect with each other", "make parents worry less about their kids playing video games too much"], ["Music.", "The Internet.", "Novels.", "Films."], ["Nine-year-old Ben Duskin, who has a cancer, is very brave and clever.", "Many parents want their children to play video games because it's good for their health.", "Doctors are not sure whether reducing pain and worry can help the patients recover faster.", "HOPE allows kids to play online games only with the kids in the same hospital."]], "questions": ["What's the main idea of the passage?", "How long will it take a patient to get his blood cleaned in a week?", "According to Arun Mathews, the main purpose of HOPE is to   _  .", "Which of the following plays the most important role in the HOPE project?", "What can we learn from the passage?"], "article": "A lot of grown-ups worry that spending too much time playing video games isn't good for a kid's health. Now some doctors have noticed that kids who bring their hand-held game players to the hospital seem less worried about being there. These patients also seem to experience less pain when they are concentrating on a superhero adventure or a car race. At the Johns Hopkins Children's Center in Maryland, young patients are finding hospital visits easier to deal with, thanks to a test program called the Hospital-based On-line Pediatric Environment (HOPE). Patients in HOPE have a life-threatening condition where their kidneys no longer filter wastes from their blood. To get their blood cleaned, these kids must be hooked up to dialysis  machines at the hospital three times a week, for at least three hours each time. HOPE allows kids to play online sports, racing, and adventure games with each other. Eventually they will be able to connect with kids in other hospitals who are suffering from the same problem. \"We want to use the power of the Internet to bring together kids who feel that they are separated by their illness, and let them know that they are not alone,\" said Arun Mathews, the doctor who heads the program. He loves video games himself and got the idea to connect kids all over the country. Many researchers elsewhere are testing video game programs that might help young patients. For example, nine-year-old Ben Duskin of San Francisco, who was struggling with cancer helped to design a video game where players get rid of cancer cells. That's all great news, because doctors already know that reducing pain and worry helps patients heal faster.", "id": "high9535.txt"}