{"answers": ["C", "D", "B", "A"], "options": [["Because English people were very rich and happy.", "Because she needed money to fight against Argentina.", "Because Britain needed to run out of economic troubles.", "Because people stored too much money in the banks."], ["She paid a lot of money for the islands.", "She helped people on the islands a lot.", "She sent many workers to the islands.", "She sent in the British Army to the islands."], ["She couldn't say anything at all.", "She almost couldn't remember anything.", "She couldn't walk at all.", "She couldn't hear anything at all."], ["determined", "sensitive", "humorous", "generous"]], "questions": ["Why did Margaret Thatcher decide to raise interest rates?", "How did Margaret Thatcher make her country control the Falkland Islands again?", "What was the matter with Ms. Thatcher after she resigned?", "It can be inferred from the passage that Ms. Thatcher was   _  ."], "article": "On April 8th, 2013, the world felt sorry because of the death of former British Prime Minister, Margaret Thatcher, who died at the age of 87. Besides being the country's longest leader (1979-1990) in the 20th century, she was the first woman to lead Britain. She worked hard and did well in her work, so she was called \"Iron Lady\".\nWhatever you think of Margaret Thatcher, the thing everyone does agree on is that she was a woman with great decisions. When she took over Britain in 1979, she led a country that was in economic trouble. She faced a lot of problems because of the poor economic position.\nIn order to make the country become strong again, Ms. Thatcher had to make some hard and special decisions like raising interest rates and even taxes at a time when most British people were living a hard life. In this way she led Britain to run out of economic troubles.\nEarly in her second term, just as things were looking a little better, she faced another problem -- a strike by the British Miners Union. Once again, the Iron Lady stood her ground to stop the longest strike in the country's history.\nIn 1982, Argentina said that they had owned the Falkland Islands since the 19th century. Britain, however, considered the islands to be one of their overseas dependent territories  .  Margaret Thatcher tried to talk about the problem with Argentines. But Argentines didn't agree with her ideas, so Ms. Thatcher did what any strong leader would do -- send in the British Army. It took 74 days, and on 14th June 1982, the Argentine army finally failed and Britain controlled the Falkland Islands again.\nWhen Ms. Thatcher resigned in 1990, she left behind a country that was very strong. Unluckily, during the last few years of her life, something was wrong with her mind.  She hardly remembered anything that was happening around her and even what she had done during her wonderful lifetime.", "id": "high9544.txt"}