{"answers": ["D", "B"], "options": [["is tolerant of people being late", "has missed lots of meetings", "has trouble getting along with others", "has a strong preference for good timekeeping"], ["be patient when waiting for a latecomer", "keep in mind that being late is rude and selfish", "always arrive 10 minutes early for an appointment", "ask people around them to remind them about an appointment"]], "questions": ["We can learn from the article that the author   _  .", "According to the author, people should   _  ."], "article": "They will be here in a minute, surely. I'll just stare at my shoes a little while longer to pass the time. Wish I'd brought a book. Hang on, though, what if I've got the wrong day? The wrong place? Have the clocks gone back? No, damn it, I'm off home. Whoever I'm waiting for clearly lives in a different time zone from me.\nI am always 10 minutes early, so if you're 10 minutes late, I've been foot-tapping for 20 minutes. I know it's not fair to hold the first 10 against you, but I just can't help myself. I never wait more than 20 minutes beyond the meeting time we decided upon, not for anyone, ever.\nOK, that's not strictly true. I have, on occasion, hung around anxiously and heart-brokenly for up to an hour, but the bitter anger that follows is never a pretty sight. If you've made me wait that long, you will wish you hadn't bothered turning up at all.\nHow come some people are always late and some are always on time? If I can manage to be punctual, why can't you? Because I left a hot cup of coffee at home while you sat down to roll another cigarette. Because I spilled jam on my pants and quickly wiped it off whereas you took time to change your whole outfit. Because I switched off midway through a TV series, but you had to ride out the end, didn't you? And don't even think about blaming the traffic. How do you think I got here? By flying carpet? Only carelessness or arrogance   can explain a habit of lateness.\nSome people are always late because they can't make realistic calculations about how long it takes to do things. There are 60 seconds in a minute and 60 minutes in an hour. Just deal with it. Painful as it may be, you have to accept that, as you've agreed to meet at eight and it's now a quarter to, you don't have time to phone your girlfriend.\nMuch worse, though, are those with big egos  . Being late is just rude. Being late on purpose really means that you hate the person you are meeting.\nOf course, there are some perfectly lovely latecomers out there. I just never wait long enough to find out.", "id": "high9550.txt"}