{"answers": ["C", "A", "B", "C", "D"], "options": [["British families just use the installment plan to buy furniture.", "More than 10 precent American families buy things on installment.", "Americans spend more on installment buying than British people do.", "The payment of installment buying is easier than buying by cash."], ["the buyer has to pay extra money as interest", "the delivery of the goods charges extra money", "the buyer has to pay a down payment", "The service offered by installment plan charged extra money"], ["He might lose his job", "He will stop owning the item he has bought", "He will have to sell what he has bought", "He will go into debt"], ["purchasing power is strengthened", "Employment might be increased", "People develop a good habit of saving money", "Young couples are able to furnish their homes"], ["increase employment", "avoid depressions", "ensure that businesses make good profits", "ensure that people can pay for what they buy"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is true about the installment plan?", "Goods bought on installments are more expensive than goods bought by cash because  _  .", "What will happen to a buyer if he fails to make the full payment for an item bought on installments?", "The advantages of installment buying might include all the followings EXCEPT that   _  .", "In some countries, the government controls the installment plan to  _  ."], "article": "In Western countries people have been using the installment  plan since the first half of the twentieth century. Today, a large number of families in Great Britain buy furniture, household goods and cars by installments .In the U.S., the figure is much higher than in Great Britain, and people there spend over 10 percent of their income on the installment plan.\nThe price of an article bought on installments is always higher than the price that would be paid by cash. There is a charge for interest. The buyers pays one quarter or one third of the price as a down payment when the goods are delivered to him. He then makes regular payments, weekly or monthly, until the full price is paid up. The legal ownership of the goods remains with the seller until the final payment has been made.\nInstallment buying has advantages and disadvantages. It can help couples with small incomes to furnish their homes and start housekeeping, It increases the demand for goods, and in this way helps business and employment. There is ,however, the danger that when business is bad, installment buying may end suddenly, making business much worse. This may result in a great increase in unemployment. If the people on the installment plan lose their jobs, they will probably not be able to make their payments. If great numbers of people are not able to pay their installment debts there is a possibility that businessmen cannot collect their debts and will therefore lose money. If businessmen lose money or fail to make a satisfactory profit, it becomes more likely to have a depression. This is why, in some countries, the government controls the installment plan by fixing the amount of the down payment to discourage people from buying more than they can pay for on the installment plan.", "id": "high9552.txt"}