{"answers": ["A", "B", "C", "C", "A"], "options": [["He was not talented in screenwriting.", "He had a miserable family life.", "He spent too much time watching movies.", "He was greedy for money in his life."], ["disappointing in ending", "complex in plot", "playful in tone", "simple in dialogue"], ["The Great Gatsby", "Babylon Revisited", "The Light of Heart", "Cosmopolitan"], ["took full advantage of it", "went back home to start business", "refused to make changes", "started to write songs and poems"], ["Fallen for Fame Addiction: F. Scott Fitzgerald", "An Inch into Fame: F. Scott Fitzgerald", "F. Scott Fitzgerald: A Great Novelist", "F. Scott Fitzgerald: A Great Screenwriter"]], "questions": ["Which is a reason that Fitzgerald failed in screenwriting?", "Fitzgerald's screenwriting was   _  .", "Which of the following was NOT written by Fitzgerald?", "When Fitzgerald had another chance at success, he   _  .", "What is the best title of the passage?"], "article": "When people think of Hollywood, they think of the city where dreams come true. This did not apply to F. Scott Fitzgerald, a screenwriter who had his share of ups and downs in this land. Fitzgerald was not a successful Hollywood writer because he was not good at the career path he chose. He was an amazing novelist, but his efforts of turning them into screenplays ended in disappointment and confusion. It was because of a lack of potential for screenwriting as well as his addiction and desire to be famous.\nGrowing up as a boy, Fitzgerald went to movies a lot. He wanted to write stories that would eventually turn into movies. The problem was: just because Fitzgerald wanted to do something didn't necessarily mean that he was good at it. He made his attempts, but most of these efforts ended in disappointment because he thought about the change from script to screen too much. His plot was too detailed and complicated; his tone was too serious or his dialogue too sentimental .\nFitzgerald's quick rise to fame also led to his fall. In life, things are not meant to happen all at once, all that the same time but it did for Fitzgerald. At his best time, three of his early stories were made into short films, including The Great Gatsby and Babylon Revisited. As the twenties approached, he was gradually forgotten by the reading public. He became drunk and constantly took pills both to sleep and wake up. His marriage was destroyed and his wife broke down mentally. He seemed unsure about his life.\nFitzgerald had another chance at success when many opportunities came his way, including revisions of Emlyn William's play The Light of Heart and production of one of his own scripts, Cosmopolitan. However, these were all put aside and he was right back where he started, left behind and called a \"ruined man\". Fitzgerald simply wanted too much in his life. He wanted \"to be both a great novelist and a Hollywood success, to write songs like Cole Porter and poetry like John Keats\". His addiction to fame held him back and led to his failure as a Hollywood writer.", "id": "high9562.txt"}