{"answers": ["A", "A", "D", "C"], "options": [["protect the wildlife", "free people from diseases", "rid people from strange behaviors", "develop a better economy"], ["force others to be vegetarians", "respect other people's beliefs", "turn down hosts gracefully", "refuse an offer of meat"], ["Many people give up before their bodies can adjust to the transition.", "Many people quit because they're poorly educated about nutrition.", "Consuming 150 grams protein a day can be harmful.", "Vegetarians need multi-vitamins to keep healthy."], ["Reasons why the author became a vegetarian.", "Important qualities required to be a vegetarian.", "Advantages and disadvantages of being a vegetarian.", "Common mistakes on the way to being a vegetarian."]], "questions": ["According to the passage, being a vegetarian helps   _  .", "Stylish vegetarians do not   _  .", "Which of the following is NOT true?", "Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage?"], "article": "I am a vegetarian . Many people are quick to think of vegetarianism as strange behavior. I treasure our Earth, and since we only have one, we should protect it and the wildlife that lives on it. But that's only one of the reasons to be a vegetarian.\nVegetarians may live longer, healthier lives. There is a connection between red meat consumption and various diseases. From an economic standpoint, it requires less land, money and energy to produce foods for a vegetarian diet. While there are many benefits to being a vegetarian, only a handful of those who attempt to adopt this lifestyle succeed.\nThe most important quality required to be a vegetarian is firmness since surrounded by the _ of meat, we tend to give up vegetarianism easily. Creativity is almost as important as commitment. It's easy to tire of eating nothing but salad. But with a little creativity and some soy products, almost any meal can become vegetarian-friendly.\nNot everyone wants to be vegetarian. Accepting this is part of being a vegetarian with style. Forcing your beliefs on others is disrespectful. Stylish vegetarians should also be able to turn down a meaty dish politely without annoying their hosts.\nBeing a successful vegetarian has been easy for me, but it may not be so for others. A common mistake is quitting before your body has adjusted to the change. It can be difficult to keep the lifestyle in the beginning because of temptation. However, it fades over time. Another common mistake is quitting because you've been misinformed about the nutritional wisdom of being a vegetarian. That's why it is vital to be educated. Countless people will tell you that it's impossible to obtain the nutrients and protein your body requires without meat, but they are incorrect. People actually need only 44-55 grams of protein a day, and that is easily found in a vegetarian diet. Many meat eaters are consuming three times that amount, which is not beneficial. It leads to diseases. Vegetables can also supply all the vitamins, minerals and nutrients your body needs. However, if you're still not convinced, you can take a multi-vitamin.", "id": "high9563.txt"}