{"answers": ["A", "C"], "options": [["Robots are indifferent and emotionless.", "Robots can't provide efficient services.", "Robots don't offer to give store coupons.", "Robots are unable to do a job as well as humans."], ["He wishes one day they would come to life.", "He is absolutely against their existence in his life.", "He doesn't like they get involved in his life too much.", "He is afraid they would take the place of human beings."]], "questions": ["Why does the author prefer being served by humans rather than by robots?", "What's the author's attitude towards machines?"], "article": "I log onto a computer at the doctor's office to say I have arrived and then wait until a voice calls me into the examination room.\nThere, a robotic nurse directs me onto a device and then takes my blood pressure. Some time later, in steps the doctor, who is also a robot. He notes down my symptoms and gives me a prescription  . I pay for my visit using a credit card machine and return home without having met another human being.\nWhen I call my dentist's office and actually get a human being on the line, I am thrilled. And when I see the introduction of yet more self-service checkout stations at the grocery store, I feel like shouting, \"When it comes to cashiers, make mine human, please!\"\nAfter all, human cashiers sometimes give you a store coupon   for items you are buying. Even more than that, real-life cashiers often take an interest in particularly cute children, which can brighten a young mother's day. A cashier may also show compassion  for an elderly person struggling to get that last penny out of her purse.\nWhat technological device would do any of this? I don't want to go back to the Stone Age, but I'm also worried about a world run by machines. Sometimes when you're chatting with someone, you discover things you need to know. Maybe a receptionist needs prayers said for a sick child. Maybe a salesperson can offer a bit of encouragement to a customer who is feeling tired.\nMachines can be efficient and cost-effective and they often get the job done just fine. But they lack an element so important to everyday life.\nCall it the spirit, the soul or the heart. It is something no machine will ever have. It is being human that prompts us to smile at others, which may be what they need at that moment.", "id": "high9565.txt"}