{"answers": ["B", "D", "A", "C"], "options": [["benefit the farmers", "get entertainment", "show off their wealth", "limit the fox population"], ["using violence", "taking legal action", "seeking help from farmers", "confusing the fox hunters"], ["protect wild animals like foxes", "control fox-hunting on a large scale", "prohibit farmers from hunting foxes", "standardize the behavior of fox-hunting"], ["Limiting the fox population is unnecessary at all.", "Killing foxes with poison is not allowed by the law.", "Hunting foxes with dogs is considered cruel and violent.", "Fox-hunting causes conflicts between hunters and farmers."]], "questions": ["Wealthy people in Britain have been hunting foxes to   _  .", "The opponents of fox-hunting often discourage the game by   _  .", "A new law may be passed by the British Parliament to   _  .", "What can be inferred from this passage?"], "article": "Foxes and farmers have never got on well. These small dog-like animals have long been accused of killing farm animals. They are officially classified as harmful and farmers try to keep their numbers down by shooting or poisoning them.\nFamers can also call on the services of their local hunt to control the fox population. Hunting consists of running after a fox across the countryside, with a group of specially trained dogs, followed by men and women riding horses. When the dogs eventually catch the fox, the kill it or a hunter shoots it.\nPeople who take part in hunting think of it as a sport. They wear a special uniform of red coats and white trousers, and follow strict rules of behavior. But owning a horse and hunting regularly are expensive, so most hunters are wealthy.\nIt is estimated that up to 100,000 people watch or take part in fox-hunting. But over the last couple of decades the number of people who are against fox-hunting, because they think it is  brutal , has risen sharply. Nowadays it is rare for a hunt to pass off without some kind of conflict between hunters and hunt opponents  . Sometimes these incidents lead to violence, but mostly opponents discourage the hunt by misleading riders and disturbing the trail of the fox's smell, which the dogs follow.\nNoisy conflicts between hunters and opponents have become so common that they are almost as much a part of hunting as running after foxes itself. But this year supporters of fox-hunting face a much bigger threat to their sport. A Labour Party member of Parliament , Mike Foster, is trying to get Parliament to approve a new law which will make the hunting of wild  animals with dogs illegal. If the law is passed, wild animals like foxes will be protected under the ban in Britain.", "id": "high9566.txt"}