{"answers": ["A", "C", "B", "C"], "options": [["express his views on homeschooling", "explain what homeschooling is", "share his ways of teaching his children", "promote homeschooling"], ["They will become braver.", "They can be more popular.", "They can socialize better.", "They will know how to arrange time."], ["They don't interact with their peers often.", "They have more spare time to play.", "They are restricted to certain activities", "They can't gain enough knowledge."], ["By following the order of importance.", "By following the order of time.", "By making comparisons.", "By presenting data."]], "questions": ["The author's purpose in writing the passage is to  _  .", "What is the biggest advantage of homeschooled children?", "What do we know about homeschooled children?", "How does the passage mainly develop?"], "article": "When Jane put out the idea of homeschooling to her parents, the first reaction they gave was, \"You are cutting the child off the world.'' \"Did the child really get cut off or did the child socialize better?\"\nThe moment we hear of homeschooling, we think the child will have no opportunities to interact with peers. However, in my friend's opinion, we forget that when attending a regular school, the child is not into socializing all the while. The child is restricted to so many other activities. Studies take a major role in a child's life. The child hardly has the time to interact at school.\nThe child might be meeting and studying along with many peers; however, how many kids interact with all the kids in a class? But in homeschooling system, as my friend mentioned, the kid has all the time and can plan his day accordingly. During the day the child studies just like other school-going kids but with no burden of homework and project work, the child has so much free time in the evening as to effectively interact and play with peers. The quality time the child spends in education is really impressive.\nHomeschooled kids have the opportunity to socialize more often as they have a lot of time in their hands. They can also make socializing a regular habit. Just as my friend said, her child goes to a neighboring park almost every day and has a set of friends who go there daily. Other children get back home to finish off homework and project work whereas her child who is already through with studies gets the opportunity to spend time with family members.\nWhen I heard this, I really felt how lucky the child was. Definitely the child had a better opportunity to socialize when compared with my kid. However, I might not consider homeschooling for my kid, as I am so used to the conventional schooling system and feel regular schooling the safest bet.", "id": "high9570.txt"}