{"answers": ["B", "A", "C", "D"], "options": [["the boy was too poor to achieve his dream", "the teacher doubted his chance of success", "the boy was not good enough to achieve his goal", "the teacher looked down on the boy absolutely"], ["Regretful and proud.", "Regretful and guilty.", "Honest and sorry.", "Embarrassed and proud."], ["the boy was an unrealistic person", "the boy's father was irresponsible for his education", "the boy had great courage and determination", "the teacher often found fault with his students"], ["Set a practical goal", "Try to be realistic", "Prove yourself through success", "Keep your dream"]], "questions": ["The teacher asked the boy to rewrite the paper because   _  .", "Which of the following could best express the teacher's feelings when she said the words before leaving the ranch two years ago?", "From the passage we can conclude that   _  .", "What would be the best title of the passage?"], "article": "I have a friend named Monty Roberts who owns a horse ranch . He has let me use his house to put on fund-raising events. The last time I was there he introduced me by saying: \"I want to tell you a story. It all goes back to a story about a young man who was the son of an itinerant horse trainer who would go from stable to stable, race track to race track, farm to farm and ranch to ranch, training horses. As a result, the boy's high school career was continually interrupted. When he was a senior, he was asked to write a paper about what he wanted to be and do when he grew up.\n\"That night he wrote a seven-page paper describing his goal of someday owning a horse ranch. He wrote about his dream in great detail and he even drew a diagram of a 200-acre ranch, showing the location of all the buildings, the stables and the track. Then he drew a detailed floor plan for a 4,000-square-foot house that would sit on a 200-acre dream ranch.\n\"He put a great deal of his heart into the project and the next day he handed it in to his teacher. Two days later he received his paper back. On the front page was a large red F with a note that read, 'See me after class.'\n\"The boy with the dream went to see the teacher after class and asked, 'Why did I receive an F?' The teacher said, 'This is an unrealistic dream for a young boy like you. You have no money. You come from an itinerant family. You have no resources. Owning a horse ranch requires a lot of money. You have to buy the land. You have to pay for the original breeding stock and later you'll have to pay large stud fees. There's no way you could ever do it.' Then the teacher added, 'If you will rewrite this paper with a more realistic goal, I will reconsider your grade.'\n\"The boy went home and thought about it long and hard. He asked his father what he should do. His father said, 'Look, son, you have to make up your own mind on this. However, I think it is a very important decision for you.' Finally, after a week, the boy turned in the same paper, making no changes at all. He stated, 'You can keep the F and I'll keep my dream.' \"\nMonty then turned to the group present and said, \"I tell you this story because you are sitting in my 4,000-square-foot house in the middle of my 200-acre horse ranch. I still have that school paper framed over the fireplace.\" He added, \"The best part of the story is that two years ago that same schoolteacher brought 30 kids to camp out on my ranch for a week. When the teacher was leaving, he said, 'Look, Monty, I can tell you this now. When I was your teacher, I was something of a dream stealer. During those years I stole a lot of kids' dreams. Fortunately you had enough courage not to give up yours.' \"\n\"Don't let anyone steal your dreams. Follow your heart, no matter what,\" Monty at last concluded.", "id": "high9571.txt"}