{"answers": ["C", "D", "C", "B"], "options": [["Pain is a mirror that can reflect the life of everybody.", "Pain is something that no one can escape from.", "Pain can help them to avoid the creative thinking.", "Pain can strengthen the feeling of existence of a person."], ["social inequality", "mass killings", "racial discrimination", "great achievements"], ["lose an important chance to make a big fortune", "feel upset and fail to think calmly", "judge and think about the world in a new particular way", "control the situation properly when things go unsteady"], ["criticize a world full of comfort", "explain why discomfort is good for us", "persuade people to lead a life full of discomfort", "blame those who enjoy an easy life"]], "questions": ["Which of the following is NOT a reason why artists throughout history have been exploring sufferings?", "The term \"Weltschmerz\" couldn't be used to describe something like   _  .", "The author believes that by challenging discomfort, one may   _  .", "By writing this passage, the author tries to   _  ."], "article": "Comfort is comforting, but it might narrow our experience at work -- and beyond.\nIn our modern world, discomfort is considered a terrible thing. If not terrible, at least a thing of the past. Dishwashers, washing machines, computers, remote controls--yes, they add convenience, but also a level of comfort our forefathers did not enjoy.\nAs pain of any kind discourages happiness, we tend to reason, anything that compromises our ability to feel good must be bad. And that's also particularly true for our careers. Success makes us feel great, not terrible. Such a view, however, is a matter of personal opinion. And it may blind us to hidden opportunities.\nArtists throughout history have tried to experience suffering, instinctively if not consciously, to produce works that explore the darker hidden sides of the human condition. This was done, in part, because pain is a reality of life for everybody in some form at some time. Pain is something everybody can relate to. And pain makes a person very present. For such artists, to relieve or to deny pain would be to block the creative thinking, which drives them to explore and express. In fact, Germans have a term for this melancholia, \" _ \", which means \"suffering from the world.\" Writers, from Lord Byron to Kurt Vonnegut, have used the term to describe the psychological pain encountered along life's roller-coaster journey. It was not to be avoided; it was to be understood, investigated and employed.\nSo I propose that discomfort is good for us. Or, put another way, it tells us that something needs to be addressed. It stretches us by forcing us to view our circumstances through a wholly different lens. Because we're drawn to safety and security, we do our best to create pleasant comfort zones for ourselves and our loved ones through the cars we drive, the homes we live in, and the places we work. But by resisting discomfort, we deny ourselves an important opportunity: the chance to shake ourselves out of our predictable perspectives and allow ourselves to make knowledgeable observations we could not possibly have made before. Discomfort gives us fresh eyes.", "id": "high9577.txt"}