{"answers": ["B", "A", "D", "A", "D"], "options": [["since the time of Charles V", "since the time of Cardinal Richelieu", "before the seventeenth century", "since 1370"], ["Anyone who did something wrong could find himself suddenly in the Bastille.", "The Bastille was only for those who were opposed to the King.", "Things done in the Bastille were hardly known to people outside.", "Voltaire was twice put in the Bastille."], ["a large number of prisoners", "a lot of writers who had been against the government", "some dozens of people who believed in free speech and free thinking", "only a few prisoners"], ["The King could put people in, or let them go out, as he wanted.", "Over the years the number of prisoners in the Bastille was getting more and more.", "All prisoners in the Bastille had to stay there for life.", "At the time it was captured, there were so few prisoners in it that it meant little to the people."], ["tells how the prisoners were controlled by the King", "tells how little was known about the Bastille", "shows the inner workings of the Bastille", "gives a brief history of the Bastille"]], "questions": ["The Bastille had been a prison   _  .", "According to the passage, which of the following statements is FALSE?", "At the time of its fall, the Bastille housed   _  .", "Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage?", "This passage mainly   _  ."], "article": "Why was Bastille important to the citizens of Paris? The building of the Bastille had been started in 1370 under Charles V. By the seventeenth century, it had stopped to be important for defense. Cardinal Richelieu turned it into a prison. It was not an ordinary prison to punish common crimes. Its huge doors closed only on enemies of the King. The Bastille's workings were secret. Prisoners were taken to it in closed vehicles. Soldiers on guard duty had to stand with their faces to the wall. No talking was allowed. Worst of all, a prisoner never knew if he would be there a day, a week, a year, or forever. Only the King's letter could set him free.\nOver the years, the number of arrests by King's letter had become fewer. By the time of its fall, most of the prisoners were writers who had written against the corruptions of the government. Voltaire, the famous French writer, spent a year there in 1717-1718, and another 12 days in 1726.\nFor those who believed in free speech and free thinking, the Bastille stood for everything evil. The day it was captured, only seven prisoners were found inside. Still, the Bastille was hated by the people. It was a symbol of the King's complete power.", "id": "high9592.txt"}