{"answers": ["D", "B", "C"], "options": [["the clothes made there didn't suit her taste", "she really didn't like such a boring job", "she wanted to get the right grades at school", "she didn't get well paid at the end of the week"], ["took her first job in order to support her poor family", "realized what her first job meant to her future employment", "had a great interest in her first job in a clothes factory", "thought her friends' job in supermarkets was more interesting"], ["My Experience in a Clothes Factory", "The Qualities of a Play Publisher", "Importance of Early Work Experience", "The Secrets to Get the Right Grades"]], "questions": ["The author did her first job for only a year because   _  .", "It could be inferred from the text that the author   _  .", "What would be the best title for the text?"], "article": "My first job was working for a women's clothes manufacturer at the age of 15. It made me realize what I didn't want to do for my future employment.\nThe only advantage of this job was receiving a wage at the end of the week and sometimes getting clothes for free if they were to my taste. I carried on doing this for only a year, as my studies at school were getting more serious and I wanted to study more to get the right grades.\nAfter I had finished college, my first real job was working for a play publisher in central London. I remember writing a letter of application for the post of administration for Samuel French Limited. I had put so much effort into writing it, not realizing that this would be my first step in the process of finding out what I really wanted to do for my future employment. I didn't think I would get the job, but as it turned out, I got a telephone call quickly and started a week later. I remember being excited that I would be working for a publisher in London. Although I had thought I would prefer to work for a book publisher, a play publisher was just as enjoyable.\nLooking back now, not all first jobs turn out to be enjoyable. Some of my friends worked in supermarkets while they were at college just to earn a bit of money. I remember thinking how much happier I felt working in a clothes factory than in a supermarket.\nYears later, I can see how good it is to experience work at an early age, as it gives people the opportunity to decide what kind of career will be most suitable for them one day. The boring task of a job will make a person want to pursue an education to get into the right type of employment, which was what I had realized in the end.", "id": "high9602.txt"}