{"answers": ["C", "A", "B", "C"], "options": [["praises four \"historical\" films", "shares with us four great movies", "tells the readers about the inaccuracy of four \"historical\" films", "expresses the writer's positive attitude towards the \"historical\" films"], ["The 300 Spartans", "U-571", "The Patriot", "Brave Heart"], ["The Brave Heart and U-571", "The Patriot and Brave Heart", "The 300 Spartans and Brave Heart", "The Patriot and The 300 Spartans"], ["film poster", "fashion magazine", "film review", "tour guide"]], "questions": ["This article mainly   _  .", "As far as time is concerned, the war in   _   broke out earliest.", "Mel Gibson, a great American actor, starred in   _  .", "The passage probably comes from a(n)  _  ."], "article": "Have you seen a historical film recently? Do you think it was accurate? Some say that there is no such thing as a historical film. In many cases, Hollywood film-makers simply change the facts. Just look at these supposedly \"historical\" films.\n1. The Patriot\nThe film was released in 2000 and was directed by Ronald Emmerish and starred Mel Gibson. It is set near Charleston, South Carolina, during the American Revolutionary War(1775--1783) and follows the story of Benjamin Martin and his fight for American freedom against the British. The film was criticized for inventing and exaggerating British cruelty. The most criticized scene was one showing the burning of a church containing people of the town, of which there is no historical record. Another historical inaccuracy was the description of American-owned slaves being freed to serve with the American forces. In reality, many slaves ran away from their American owners and fought with the British against the Americans.\n2. Brave Heart\nThe film(1995) starred Mel Gibson was directed by Toby Reisz. It is based on the life of Scottish national hero William Wallace and his fight against English rule in Scotland during the 13th century. The film includes an affair between William Wallace and Princess Isabella (based on Isabella of France). The film implies she is a mother-to-be when William Wallace will be killed. However, historically, the real Isabella was a child of nine still living in France at this time, never having met Wallace. The film also caused controversy because of its anti-English nature. Apparently, when the film was shown in Glasgow, there was a loud noise made by happy American audience.\n3. U-571\nThis 2000 film was directed by Jonathan Mostow and starred Mathew MacConaughey, Havey Keitel and Jon Bon Jovi. It took place during the Second World War(1939--1945). In the film, a German submarine(warship underwater) is boarded in 1942 by American soldiers who made themselves up as Germans. They took away the German submarine's code-language machine, which, in the film, helps the Americans get many secret messages from Germany. However, the film was heavily criticized because it was actually the British who got the machine in May 1941 when they boarded U-110. The movie was also criticized for showing a scene where the U-boat sailors killed American sailors in the water after their ship sunk, which is, in 99% cases, impossible to happen.\n4. The 300 Spartans\nThe latest controversy surrounds the film The 300 Spartans. The film (directed by Zack Synder) tells the story of the battle between the Greeks and Persians in 480 BC. It is regarded as a key event in the birth of western democracy  by some historians. In the film, 300 Spartans under the king fight against the enemies, 120,000 Persians led by Emperor Xerxes. The tiny Spartan forces repeatedly gain advantage over the invaders. These actions delays the Persians' attack and gives the Greek armies enough time to prepare for the defense of Athens. But the Iranians (modern-day Persians) aren't happy with the film. They say the film describes them as savage, killing-loving, and war-loving.", "id": "high9604.txt"}