{"answers": ["C", "D", "B", "A"], "options": [["attacking him with high fever", "regulating his immune system", "damaging his immune cells", "harming all his organs directly"], ["Fever and chills.", "Swallowing difficulty.", "Loss of blood.", "High blood pressure."], ["have the clothing of the infected cleaned", "avoid eating wild animals like monkeys", "not travel to Africa, America or Europe", "stay at home without going anywhere"], ["a certain number of people survive Ebola", "human has found a special cure for Ebola", "oxygen can save infected people's lives", "low blood pressure is surely caused by Ebola"]], "questions": ["Ebola causes the death of a human being by   _  .", "What is NOT mentioned as the symptom of Ebola?", "In order not to be infected by Ebola, we should   _  .", "It is true that   _  ."], "article": "The current Ebola   outbreak in western and central Africa has infected at least 3,069 people, including 1,552 dead, making it the largest outbreak in history. Ebola is a deadly virus --about 60 percent of people infected with it have died.\nHow is Ebola doing its harm?\nWhen a person becomes infected with Ebola, the virus damages the body's immune   cells, which defend against infection, said a researcher at Lancaster University. But if a person's immune system can stand up to this attack, then he is more likely to survive the disease.\nThe patients that survive it best are those who don't get such a bad disadvantage in immune system. But if the body isn't able to get rid of this attack, then the immune system becomes less able to regulate   itself. This means the immune system is more likely to run out of control, leading to a drop in blood pressure, multi-organ failure and eventually death.\nWhat are the common symptoms of the disease?\nFever. Headache. Joint and muscle aches. Weakness. Diarrhea. Vomiting. Stomach pain. Lack of appetite. Chills. Rash. Redness in the eyes. Hiccups. Cough. Sore throat. Chest pain. Difficult breathing or swallowing. Bleeding inside and outside of the body.\nHow to prevent the spread of Ebola?\nEbola can be spread primarily via direct contact with patients, specifically the blood and fluids of an infected patient.\nWe should avoid contact with infected patients and objects such as clothing, bedding, and needles used by them. Avoid areas where infections have been reported. For now, the disease has only been confirmed in central and West Africa, four cases in America and Europe. Avoid eating wild-caught bush meat. Researchers have suspected that the disease came to humans via animals, probably through the meat of primates . If you're in an area where the disease has been reported, avoid purchasing, eating, or handling wild game to stay on the safe side.\nWear protective medical clothing if you're around infected patients. Extreme caution is necessary. Hospital workers must use masks, gloves, goggles, and gowns, which needed to be worn at all times if you're around infected patients.\nHow Do People Survive Ebola?\nDoctors don't know for certain who will survive Ebola, and there is no specific treatment or cure for the disease. Although in the minority, some people do recover from infection.\nOur suggestions include:\nMaintain your electrolytes   and body liquid. Sports drinks can be used. Monitor your blood pressure and control it if necessary. Dropping blood pressure may be a serious sign of infection. Breathe in an oxygen-rich environment. Quickly address any symptoms of infection. Be honest about when and where you're feeling pain.", "id": "high9608.txt"}