{"answers": ["D", "C"], "options": [["Its being not bound by blood or family bonds.", "Its being easy to maintain.", "The good we have done to our friends.", "That we make efforts for friends out of kindness."], ["Quit our jobs.", "Give our friends calls.", "Remind ourselves of what friends are for.", "Turn to our friends for help."]], "questions": ["What makes friendship beneficial and valuable?", "What should we do when we have no time for friends?"], "article": "We all need friends and we always have. Our ancestors found that gaining the basic necessities of life was easier in a group. It's estimated that the maximum number of people who lived in early communities of hunter-gatherers was 150.\nFriends aren't bound(......)by blood or family bonds, employment contracts or legal obligations. Our circle of associates includes work colleagues and people we meet at parties, in the pub or on the train to work. Some associates are much more important than our family. We are capable of exchanging an email with these associates, and may have mutual acquaintances with a good number of them, providing common ground. We do things for one another because we want to. Whether writing an answer to a photo put on Facebook, sending a birthday card by post, or making a hospital visit, the efforts we have made for our friends are out of kindness. It is this nature of friendship which requires nothing in return that makes it beneficial and valuable.\nFriendships take work, and they need to be nurtured, nourished and maintained. We feel good about helping our friends because we are friends. However, we often lose touch with our friends because of a lack of time and energy. When we are carrying a heavy load at work, involved in a serious relationship or raising children, it's hard to spare time for friends. In these situations, we need to remind ourselves of what friends are for and why they can be so important in our lives.\nIn a survey of more than 2,000 married couples aged 55 or older, for both men and women, having friends was the best predictor of being satisfied in marriage -- possibly because they were more satisfied with their lives as a result of having friends.\nResearchers suggest social relationships are the reason why women live longer than men, Social bonds reduce the risk of disease by reducing blood pressure, cholesterol and heart rate. A lack of good friends is as harmful to your health as smoking or being overweight. Indeed, people without friends are more likely to die younger. Not only do friendships prolong our lives, they make us happier too. People who are socially active don't feel so stressed or feel they can not enjoy anything easily -- they also tend to feel better about their lives and who they are.", "id": "high9614.txt"}