{"answers": ["A", "C", "D", "C"], "options": [["The effect of climate change on migrating animals.", "How animals are adapting to changes in temperature.", "The actions required to save migrating animals.", "The need for government policies to prevent global warming."], ["They will only produce female babies.", "Their food supply will gradually disappear.", "Some will suffer from higher rates of cancer.", "They will be in greater danger because of more violent storms."], ["More storms will affect the ability of whales to find their feeding grounds.", "20 percent of all birds are likely to die out because of land loss.", "Migrating animals are likely to start adapting to the changes more quickly.", "Warmer oceans will increase the competition between different kinds of dolphins."], ["They are the only animals besides humans that suffer from cancer.", "They have traditionally lived longer than other ocean-based animals.", "Those born nearer a hotter area are more likely to be female.", "Most kinds of turtles are likely to die out within 50 years."]], "questions": ["What is the main topic of the text?", "According to the report, how will global warming affect turtles in the future?", "Which of the following is mentioned as a consequence of rising temperatures?", "What can be inferred   about turtles from the text?"], "article": "The UN Environment Programme says that rising temperatures could mean the end for some migrating animals.\nMigrating or mobile animals move through several environments as they travel away from the cold of winter to warmer areas. Birds may fly from one part of the world to another, perhaps stopping at feeding grounds on the way. Whales and turtles   cover vast areas of ocean. The report says that changes in any one of the places which these animals use can cause serious harm. \"Obviously these animals have developed their travelling patterns over thousands of years. But climate change is almost certain to be extreme over the next 25 to 50 years and it is extremely unlikely that these animals can change their habits fast enough,\" said the report author Dr Robert Hepworth.\nHardest hit by rising temperatures are turtles. Scientists have found that at higher temperatures, turtles produce far more female eggs than male ones. In parts of Malaysia, turtle birthing sites are producing only females, the report says. It also provides evidence that some turtles are more likely to develop cancer as the waters get warmer.\nWith birds, the main problem is climate-related damage to important areas at either end of the travels or at resting places along the way. About one-fifth of migrating birds are now in danger because of climate-related changes including rising sea levels, land loss and more violent storms, the report concludes.\nOther animals picked out as particularly in danger include:\n* the North Atlantic Right Whale, whose main food (tiny shrimp) is disturbed by the change in ocean flows and\n* the White-Nose Dolphin, which is out-competed by other kinds of dolphins in warmer waters.\nThe report is not all bad news. Even with major climatic changes, protecting the environment can still help mobile animals to recover. \"We need governments to start taking action at the national and international lever. \"The clock is running.\" said Dr Hepworth. And some animals are already adapting, with the report mentioning whales that are changing their feeding behaviour, finding new feeding grounds and new foods to eat.", "id": "high962.txt"}