{"answers": ["A", "A", "B"], "options": [["get a new world started in better ways", "turn to others for help to save ourselves", "sum up the failure and make up for the mistakes", "bury ourselves in the disasters and then recover ourselves"], ["He cleverly transformed his business model.", "He started another completely different business.", "He received further training about doing business at college", "He borrowed some money from his friends and relatives to pay off his debts."], ["prevent it from falling apart on us.", "set it free or just let it completely break down", "keep straining and go on with determination", "keep it alive with the courage to change it again"]], "questions": ["The author regards the collapse of the old world as an opportunity to  _", "What did the author do after his business failed last year?", "According to the author, when our work or life is out of our control we can  _  ."], "article": "Some people view a bad situation as a disaster. It's not. It's an opportunity. Once your old world collapses , you can recover and rebuild. Now you have the chance to start fresh and do things more intelligently. I built my business on an unstable structure. I kept it going for years, but the business collapsed last year. I had to leave my office, selling off all the furniture and equipment. I got kicked out of my apartment because I couldn't pay the rent. I couldn't pay my bills or debt. I declared bankruptcy. \nFor years there was the worry that this might happen if I didn't keep straining  to keep the business going. And my worries were right. What I worried about would happen did happen .But you know what? Going through that experience wasn't really so bad. It was interesting. Some of it was actually pretty easy. Throughout most of it, I felt increasing relief and a renewed sense of freedom and possibility. All the old _ was gone. No more office. Fewer possessions. Fewer obligations. No more debt. Most of all , no more straining. Life became a lot easier.\nI got a cheaper and smaller apartment. I became debt-free. I learned to live within my means. Those were actually good things. The others were just feelings. The reality wasn't actually painful. After that, I kept going with the same business but completely changed the business model. I avoided the earlier mistakes, and that business recovered just fine and worked great. It was profitable every year from then on. But I had to go through the collapse first to reach that point.\nIf you've been feeling out of control with your current work or lifestyle, and you're currently straining to keep it going ,consider letting it go. Try allowing the old world to collapse, many or all of your fears and worries might actually come to pass, but that's ok. You don't have to keep the old world alive. If it keeps falling apart on you ,let it collapse. Experiencing the collapse isn't as bad as fearing the collapse", "id": "high9622.txt"}