{"answers": ["B", "C", "D"], "options": [["American novels.", "Hollywood movies.", "McDonald's.", "American music."], ["To protect foreign culture in Spain.", "To earn more money from Spanish films.", "To limit the number of foreign movies.", "To unite the European Community."], ["The name of a drink.", "The name of a restaurant.", "A clothing brand.", "A certain kind of food."]], "questions": ["What plays an important part in the spreading of American culture in Spain?", "Why did the government set some rules for the films shown in Spain?", "What do you think Spanish tapas might be?"], "article": "The influence of America is increasing in my country. Spanish people drink Coca Cola, wear blue jeans, watch Hollywood movies, listen to American music, and eat fast food, and they do these things every day.\nI think that American movies are a good way to spread American culture because people are often influenced by what they see in the movies. Most of the programs and documentaries   we watch on TV are from America, and most of the movies we go to see are made in Hollywood.\nIn the last few years, the government has tried to protect the Spanish movies. Now, in our cinemas, at least twenty percent of the movies which are shown must be from Spain or from other countries in Europe.\nAmerican culture is a part of Spanish life now. It's certain that many things from America are as much a part of people's lives as Spanish things. For example, Coca Cola is as familiar to everybody as any typical Spanish product. I've known about Coca Cola for my whole life.\nHowever, it's different with Western fast food. For example, I don't think McDonald's is as successful in Spain as it is in other countries. In my opinion, one of the reasons may be the lifestyle of the Spanish people. The Spanish people normally eat at home.\nOn the other hand, maybe McDonald's hamburgers will eventually replace the famous Spanish tapas. It's true that in every city in Spain you can find a McDonald's, and it is more popular among the Spanish children than among the adults. In any case, it's obvious that American culture is becoming more and more a part of our lives every day.", "id": "high9624.txt"}