{"answers": ["C", "C"], "options": [["Steve Jobs is the first one who founded the Silicon Valley", "Steve Jobs is only memorized for the popular device iPhone", "Combining art with science is really vital in making Apple's products noticeable", "all the team members in Silicon Valley are trained in anthropology, art, history and poetry"], ["To introduce readers the life story of Steve Jobs.", "To tell readers Steve Jobs is the \"Beethoven of business\".", "To encourage readers to learn from Steve Jobs' life experience.", "To persuade readers that they shouldn't always follow what parents tell them to do."]], "questions": ["What can we learn from the passage ?  _  .", "What's the writer's main purpose of writing the passage?"], "article": "The man behind the Apple empire died at 56 last year. He was one of the people who made Silicon Valley  the capital of technological invention. Author and business consultant Jim Collins once called Jobs the \"Beethoven of business\". When asked what Steve Jobs will be best remembered for, many of us would name a particular product:the iPod, the iPhone or the iPad, for example. But in the eyes of Eric Jackson, a reporter with Forbes magazine, Jobs brought the world much more than these popular devices . Here are some of the lessons he taught us:\n1. The most lasting inventions mix art and science. Jobs pointed out that the team members working with Apple were trained in anthropology , art, history, and poetry. He believed this was important in making Apple's products stand out.\n2. Never fear failure. Jobs was fired by the successor he himself chose. It was one of the most public embarrassments  of the last 30 years in business. However, Jobs didn't hide away or try to get a new job. He _ and got back to work.\n3. You can't look forward to connecting the dots--you can only look backward. This means that, however much we try to plan things ahead of time, life is always full of unexpected things. What seems like bitter pain and defeat could turn out to sow the seeds of unimaginable success in years to come. You can't connect the dots looking forward. But you have to trust that all the dots will be connected in the future.\n4. Listen to that voice in tile back of your head that tells you if you're on the right track or not. Most of us simply decide that we're going to work in finance or become a doctor because it's what our parents tell us to do. Whatever your voice is telling you, it is smart to listen to it--like Jobs did.\nJust as Caroline and Amy from his empire put it, \"Steve was one of the most inspiring yet toughest boss ever--but who else could have built Apple? What Steve left is sure to inspire generations of creative thinkers to think differently. His influence will be felt throughout the world.\"", "id": "high9635.txt"}