{"answers": ["D", "D", "B", "A"], "options": [["To think about happy times.", "To make many decisions at a time.", "To stop feeling regretful about the past.", "To learn about the process of decision-making."], ["emotions are the enemy of decision making", "our brain has nothing to do with decision making", "people with physical damage find it hard to make up their minds", "our emotional memories of past choices can affect present decisions"], ["They often forget their past choices.", "They make decisions without much thinking.", "They tend to save time when shopping.", "They are too angry to bargain."], ["Emotions are a part of decision making.", "Sad people always make worst choices.", "No emotion seems to help us make good choices.", "Only sad feelings affect our thinking and motivation."]], "questions": ["According to the text, what may help us make better decisions?", "Damasio's study suggests that   _  .", "Why are angry shoppers more likely to choose the first thing they are offered?", "What do we learn from the text?"], "article": "Decisions, decisions! Our lives are full of them, from the small ones to the life-changing. The right to choose is central to everyone. Yet sometimes we make bad decisions that leave us unhappy or full of regret. Can science help?\nMost of us know little about the mental processes that lie behind our decisions. Luckily, what psychologists are finding may help us all make better choices. Here are some of their amazing discoveries to help you make up your mind.\nConsider your emotions. You might think that emotions are the enemy of decision making, but in fact they're a part of it. Whenever you make up your mind, your brain's emotional center is active. University of Southern California scientist, Antonio Damasio, has studied people with damage to only the emotional parts of their brains, and found that they were unable to make basic choices about what to wear or eat. Damasio thinks this may be because our brains store emotional memories of past choices, which we use to help the present decision making.\nHowever, making choices under the influence of an emotion can greatly affect the result. Take anger, for example. A study by Nitika Garg of the University of Mississippi and other scientists found the angry shoppers were more likely to choose the first thing they were offered rather than considering other choices. It seems anger can lead us to make quick decisions without much thinking.\nAll emotions affect our thinking and motivation , so it may be best to avoid making important decisions under their influence. Yet strangely there's one emotion that seems to help us make good choices. The American researchers found that sad people took time to consider the various choices on offer, and ended up making the best choices. In fact many studies show that people who feel unhappy have the most reasonable view of the world.", "id": "high964.txt"}