{"answers": ["B", "A", "B"], "options": [["literature and sports", "music and murals", "buildings and clothes", "customs and festivals"], ["immigrants from different cultures live in harmony", "Latin American music and foods are the most attractive", "the Spanish Choir stands out in the competition of different cultures", "new immigrants have to give up their own culture to be welcome"], ["The Mission Dolores Basilica", "A Special Type of Neighborhood", "Music of the Mission District", "The Spanish Choir of San Francisco"]], "questions": ["The author shows the multi-culture of the Mission District from the aspects of   _  .", "It can be inferred from the passage that in the Mission District   _  .", "What would be the best title for the passage?"], "article": "Each Sunday, people can hear the music of the Mission Dolores Basilica in San Francisco. The Spanish missionaries built the church in 1791. It was the start of a special kind of neighborhood: the Mission District.\nThe area is a place with a long and varied history. One community member says that it's important for people to understand the many levels of history in the neighborhood. He feels that _ is a big part of understanding what it means to be a real San Franciscan.\nOne of the most interesting parts of the district is its people. Over the years, immigrants have come to the area from Ireland, Germany, and Italy. But the most recent immigrants are mainly from Latin America. It's easy to see the style that these recent additions give to the neighborhood. You can see it in the art on the walls, taste it in the food, and hear it in the music!\nJuan Pedro Gaffney, the director of the Spanish Choir of San Francisco, says that the people there share the pain and the happiness of their friends and family members and that music has always been a basic part of cultural identity in the district. He feels that the music of the district is colorful and lively.\nBut it isn't just its music that's colorful and lively. Its art is full of life as well.\nThe local art community stays close to the area's culture and tradition. A local arts organization often leads people on walks through the district. They visit streets like Balmy Alley, which is famous for its murals  . Even though the meanings behind the murals are always changing, they are still very powerful. One artist explains that they are fighting for fairness in the community and to help the environment through murals. Apparently, they're something the community likes.\nMany of these artists feel that the district is a successful neighborhood where new immigrants are welcome. \"People see that they're not so different from each other,\" says one artist. \"There are a lot of things that bind the immigrants through culture and tradition.\"", "id": "high9657.txt"}