{"answers": ["C", "B", "C", "A"], "options": [["Getting rid of the modern education.", "Helping children live a happy life.", "Dealing with stress in modern education.", "Taking measures to learn at school."], ["They believed education could bring the best out.", "They felt education could bring shortterm stress.", "They thought education was the only way to success.", "They knew the importance of good education."], ["Try to save energy as much as possible.", "Quite a few children avoid exercise.", "Make sure that kids get exercise.", "Set a few limits to your physical activities."], ["you should leave students in a good mood", "you should ignore the stressed student", "you should relax yourself as far as possible", "you should stick to your teaching methods"]], "questions": ["What is the main idea of the passage?", "How did our ancestors treat education?", "Which of the following is the best for the blank?", "If you are a teacher in a high school,   _  ."], "article": "Our children feel stressed out by an educational system that actually uses stress as an educational technique. It's a constant pressure of homework deadlines,essays and exams. And our children are told at a young age that failing a test means that they are failures in life. They'll end up nowhere if they don't pass this or that exam. Our educational system is based on a very Western idea that life is a struggle and you'd better measure up. It's survival of the fittest. While there is some truth to this,not as much as people think.\nOur ancestors didn't develop a constant stress environment. Back then,stress came quickly and was over quickly,it wasn't like the stress of modern education. Stress was originally just a shortterm biological response to danger;however,the constant stress of modern education rarely stops. It's long term,at least ten years and usually more.\nRecent research has shown that the neurological response to stress is the same response that is found in depression. So,what's the solution? A number have been proposed,including but not limited to the following.\n _ .Exercise consumes energy that would otherwise build up in the stress response and could cause physical and mental problems.\nTeach relaxation exercises. Allowing the mind and body to relax cuts off the stress response and reduces the neurological fatigue ,enabling the individual to recover at least somewhat.\nPay attention to thinking. Training the stressed student to pay attention to his or her own mind to a point where he or she is sufficiently aware to shut off the stress response when necessary.\nOf course,there's a logical answer to the problem. Just rearrange our teaching methods to encourage,rather than prevent,the natural curiosity and joy in learning that we are all born with. This would remove the stress and probably cut learning time in half.", "id": "high9704.txt"}