{"answers": ["C", "C", "A"], "options": [["a scientific report", "a financial report", "a newspaper", "a travel journal"], ["employees are supposed to be on call 24 hours a day", "the ability to access many apps made smart phones worthless", "smart phones might turn a person into a workaholic", "people cannot get away from work without smart phones"], ["Smart phones are lengthening working hours.", "Smart phones are becoming valuable for many people.", "Britons work an additional 460 hours a year on average.", "Smart phones are more beneficial to our life than we think."]], "questions": ["The text is probably taken from   _  .", "Ghadi may agree that   _  .", "What is the main idea of this passage?"], "article": "Owning a smart phone may not be as smart as you think. They may let you surf the Internet, listen to music and snap photos wherever you are... but they also turn you into a workaholic  . A study suggests that, by giving you access to emails at all times, the all-singing, all-dancing mobile phone adds as much as two hours to your working day.\nResearchers found that Britons work an additional 460 hours a year on average as they are able to respond to emails on their mobiles. The study by technology retailer Pixmania, shows the average UK working day is between nine and ten hours, but a further two hours is spent responding to or sending work emails, or making work calls. Almost one in ten admits spending up to three hours outside their normal working day checking work emails. Some workers confess   they are on call almost 24 hours a day, with nine out of ten saying they take work emails and calls outside their normal working hours. Nearly two-thirds say they often check work emails just before they go to bed and as soon as they wake up, while over a third have replied to one in the middle of the night.\nGhadi Hobeika, marketing director of Pixmania, said, \"The ability to access millions of apps, keep in contact via social networks and take photos and video as well as text and call has made smart phones valuable for many people. However, there are _ . Many companies expect their employees to be on call 24 hours a day, seven days a week, and smart phones mean that people cannot get away from work. The more constantly in contact we become, the more is expected of us in a work capacity  .\"", "id": "high9708.txt"}