{"answers": ["D", "C", "A"], "options": [["they were not heading towards Manchester", "they thought most hitchhikers were dangerous", "hitchhiking had been forbidden and they didn't want to break the law", "he was a strong man in strange clothes who seemed dangerousZxxk"], ["That some people refuse hitchhikers may reflect the safety fear.", "Car ownership levels are lower in Romania than in the UK.", "40% of UK people don't have access to cars.", "Increased car ownership has reduced the need for hitchhiking."], ["visit websites and find people to share cars with", "stand by roads with their thumbs sticking out", "stick out signs with their destinations written on", "wait for some kind people to pick them up"]], "questions": ["The author tried to hitchhike but was rejected by single women drivers because  _   .", "Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage?", "According to the author, future hitchhikers are more likely to  _"], "article": "We all remember seeing hitchhikers , standing by the side of the road, thumb sticking out, waiting for a lift. But it is getting rare nowadays. What killed hitchhiking? Safety is often mentioned as a reason. Movies about murderous hitchhikers and real-life crime have put many drivers off picking up hitchhikers. That no single women picked me up on my journey to Manchester no doubt reflects the safety fear: a large, strangely dressed man is seen as dangerous.\nBut the reason may be more complex: hitchhiking happens where people don't have cars and transport services are poor. Plenty of people still hitchhike in Poland and Romania. Perhaps the rising level of car ownership in the UK means the few people lift hitchhiking are usually considered strange. Why can't they afford cars? Why can't they take the coach or the train?\nThree-quarters of the UK population have access to a car; many of the remainder will be quite old. The potential hitchhiking population is therefore small. Yet my trip proves it's still possible to hitchhike. The people who picked me up were very interesting-lawyer, retired surgeon, tank commander, carpenter, man who live in an isolated farmhouse and a couple living up in the mountains. My conclusion is that only really interesting people are mad enough to pick up fat blokes in red,\nspotted scarves. Most just wanted to do someone a good turn; a few said they were so surprised to see a hitchhiker that they couldn't help stopping.\nThe future of hitchhiking most likely lies with car-sharing organized over the Internet, via sites such as hitchhikers. org. But for now, you can still stick your thumb out(actually, I didn't do much of that, preferring just to hold up my destination sign) and people-wonderful, caring, sharing, unafraid people-will stop.\nIn the UK, with its cheap coaches and reasonable rail service, I don't think I'll make a habit of it. But having enjoyed it so much, I'm ready now to do a big trip across Europe and beyond. In the 1970s a female friend of my wife's hitchhiked to India. How wonderful it would be to have another go, though Afghanistan might be a challenge. I wish I'd got that tank commander's mobile number.", "id": "high971.txt"}