{"answers": ["B", "C", "D"], "options": [["To celebrate the journey.", "To signal for help.", "To contact the Titanic.", "To warn other ships."], ["One.", "Two.", "Three.", "Four."], ["the rockets were fired from the mystery ship", "Cyril Evans worked on the mystery ship that night", "the Titanic started sinking at dawn the next day", "the Titanic sent out many telegrams that night"]], "questions": ["Why were the rockets really fired?", "How many ships are mentioned in the passage?", "From the passage we know that  _  ."], "article": "It was about 11:15 pm on the passenger ship California. The night was freezing cold and the water was filled with ice from the North Pole, making it difficult for the ship to sail on.\nIn the radio room, ship California's operator Cyril Evans listened to the radio-talk between a nearby passenger ship and the telegraph station on the Canadian island of Newfoundland. Evans interrupted it and said, \"We're stopped and surrounded by ice. Be careful as you pass through these waters.\" The radio operator on the nearby ship replied, \"I'm too busy to talk now. I have many messages to send to the telegraph station. \" Twenty minutes later, as he turned off his radio and went to bed, Evans could still hear the ship sending its passengers' telegrams.\nEarlier in the evening the California's captain, Stanley Lord, had seen another ship approaching. It looked about the size of his own, but attempts to contact the ship failed. It lay dark and mysterious about 10 miles away. At 00:40 am there appeared a sudden flash of light just over the mystery ship. Captain Lord, thinking the ship might need help, ordered his officers to signal the ship by lamp. There was no reply. Three more rockets then exploded, none appeared to go higher than halfway up the mast of the mystery ship. Then at about 2:00 am it turned and slipped into the darkness.\nIn the light of the dawn there was no mystery ship, but 20 miles away was the scene of a great disaster. Unfortunately, the mystery ship had stopped directly in front of the California, preventing people on board from seeing clearly. If this ship had not been there, Captain Lord would have recognized that the rockets were SOS rockets that came not from the mystery ship but from a more distant ship which the California could not see. If Cyril Evans had kept his radio on for just 30 minutes more he would have heard SOS signals coming from that distant ship he spoke with the night before. That ship was the Titanic which was sinking fast, leaving 1,500 of its passengers dead. It was April 14, 1912.", "id": "high9721.txt"}