{"answers": ["C", "C", "C", "D"], "options": [["Financial trouble in the family.", "Women's liberation movement.", "Different attitudes towards children's education.", "Lack of democratic atmosphere in the household."], ["They are overbearing and hardworking.", "They are more independent than ever.", "They do not have much say in the household.", "They respect their husbands, but do not rely on them."], ["Both the man and woman are financially secure.", "Husband and wife share housework.", "Both the man and woman are well-educated.", "Decisions are made by the man and woman together."], ["The children become homeless.", "The man is still responsible for the welfare of his children.", "Life becomes difficult for the woman and her children.", "The man, rather than the woman, remarries soon."]], "questions": ["What causes most of the divorce cases in the U.S.A.?", "What do you know of modern American women, according to the passage?", "What kind of marriage can be successful?", "What happens when a couple is divorced, according to the passage?"], "article": "In many homes, divorce is caused by the \"battle between the sexes.\" To understand the problem, one must remember that the modern American woman is freed. During childhood and adolescence , the American girl is given freedom and education which is equal to a boy's. After completing school, she is able to get a job and support herself. She doesn't have to marry for financial security. She considers herself an independent, self-sufficient person. She wants a husband whom she can respect, but she doesn't want to be dominated  by him. She wants a democratic household in which she has a voice in making decisions. When a husband and wife are able to share decisionmaking, their marriage is probably closer, stronger, and more satisfying. Otherwise, the couple is likely to wind up in the divorce court.\nWhen a couple gets divorced, the court usually requires the man to pay his former wife a monthly sum of money. If the couple has children, they usually remain with the mother, and the father is expected to pay for their support.\nAlthough divorce is quite common in the United States, 80 percent of those who get divorced remarry. The remarriages allow thousands of people, especially children, to enjoy family life again, but at the same time many troubles have arisen. A well-known American joke tells of a wife calling to her second husband, \"Quick, John! Come here and help me! Your children are beating up our chidlren!\"", "id": "high9744.txt"}