{"answers": ["B", "A", "D", "A"], "options": [["It has been existing in London for three hundred years..", "It has a history of more than 160 years.", "It has been there since 2007.", "It has been visited by the Harry Potter fans since 1851."], ["The hotel opening two wizard chambers originated as a way to create a kid-friendly environment.", "All of the books of the spectacular   Harry Potter series were released seven years ago in 2007.", "As you may have guessed, these unique accommodations are very cheap.", "The wizard chambers aren't furnished as a wizard fan could think of."], ["$ 350.", "$ 390.", "$ 430.", "$ 470."], ["Stay in the magical Harry Potter rooms", "Play with Harry Potter", "A recent Harry Potter Hotel", "A Expensive Hotel"]], "questions": ["How long does the Georgian Hotel exist?", "Which of the following statements is true according to the passage?.", "If Mr Green and his wife with three children want to stay in the hotel for a night, how much should they pay?", "The best title of the passage is   _  ."], "article": "Though the last book of the spectacular   Harry Potter series was released seven years ago in 2007, the young wizard continues to be extremely popular with both kids and adults. Over the years, Harry Potter fans have been able to experience numerous aspects of the young wizard's life, right down to his favorite drink -- butter beer. Now thanks to a British hotel, they can also spend a night in the wizard's Hogwarts Castle dormitory room.\nThe four-star Georgian Hotel in Central London, which recently opened its two wizard chambers , is ideally suited to reproducing J.K. Rowling's school of wizardry  . That's because the hotel, which is still run by the descendants of the original owners, dates all the way back to 1851. It still remains its original styles inside.\nAccording to the owner of the 163-year-old Georgian Hotel, the idea originated as a way to create a kid-friendly environment in a hotel that is well-known for its Victoria Classic and Belgravia Boutique rooms.\nThe wizard chambers that have been refinished to resemble the Hogwarts Castle dormitory rooms are furnished with everything a wizard fan could think of -- four-poster beds, stone wash basins, potion bottles, cauldrons (,), spelling books and even study tables. In order to make them appear even more magical, the hotel owners have added their own special touches that include placing a wand in the hand of the Mona Lisa painting that is in one of the chambers.\nAs you may have guessed, these unique accommodations are not cheap. The rooms, breakfast included, cost about $350 for two people. Kids sharing the same room pay only an additional $40 each. Given that the big wizard chamber can contain up to five people, the overall cost is perfect for families that are all Harry Potter fans. Special packages include a Muggle Walking Tour that takes Harry Potter fans through the areas of the city where parts of the movies were filmed or a visit to Warner Brothers Studio, home of the Harry Potter films' sets and props  .\nThe hotel is certainly generating a lot of buzz among Harry Potter fans!", "id": "high9757.txt"}