{"answers": ["A", "B", "D", "C"], "options": [["low level of intelligence", "a delay in learning how to speak", "understanding facial expressions", "making eye contact"], ["the growing number of cases shows a real increase", "women exposed to high levels of fine particulate air pollution during their pregnancies are more likely to have a child with autism", "high levels of fine particulate air pollution have no effect on autism", "doctors have learned the causes of autism"], ["they should go running in a street", "they should stop smoking", "they should be in extremely polluted cities during pregnancy", "they should avoid air pollution as much as possible"], ["what is autism spectrum disorder", "the reasons of autism", "autism and air pollution", "how to treat autism"]], "questions": ["Which is NOT the Common signs of autism  _  ?", "Which is TRUE according to the passage  _  ?", "What can pregnant women do  _  ?", "What's the main idea of the passage  _  ?"], "article": "Autism spectrum disorder is a developmental disability. People with autism have trouble communicating and with social skills. The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says the person also might repeat some behaviors and not want change in their daily activities. Some people with the condition need a lot of help. Others need less.\nCDC officials say autism affects one in every 68 children in the United States. More boys than girls are believed to have the condition. But the number of cases appears to be growing. It is unclear whether the growing number shows a real increase or comes from more knowledge about this disorder.\nSymptoms of autism\nCommon signs of autism include trouble making eye contact and a delay in learning how to speak. Some people with severe autism never learn how to talk. Many people with autism also have difficulty understanding facial expressions and the feelings of others. They also have trouble making friends of the same age.\nDoctors have learned how to recognize autism, but much is still unknown about its causes.\nResearchers at Harvard University have come closer to finding answers. They found that women exposed to the highest levels of fine particulate air pollution late in their pregnancies are two times more likely to give birth to a child with autism. The findings appeared in Environmental Health Perspectives -- a publication of the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences.\nThe study found that the women who were around high levels of fine particulate matter air pollution were at highest risk of having an autistic child. The increased risk of these women was two times that of women who lived in areas with low levels of fine particulate pollution.\nThe researchers found that the timing of exposure to pollution was important. They found no increased risk of autism in children whose mothers were around high levels of pollution before becoming pregnant. And the study found air pollution does not seem to increase the risk of children developing autism after they are born.\nWhat can pregnant women do?\nMr. Weisskopf says pregnant women should avoid air pollution as much as possible. But he warns that other things may increase the risk of autism spectrum disorder.\n\"You can avoid being in extremely polluted cities during pregnancy if possible. You can also choose to go running in a park rather than next to a street. But that said, I think also it's very important to recognize that autism spectrum disorders is a very multi-factorial disorder. And there are lots of reasons why risk could be increased.\"\nAutism is believed to result from a combination of environmental and genetic factors.\nFor now, Marc Weisskopf says researchers are trying to identify the exact substances in air pollution that increase the risk of autism.", "id": "high9762.txt"}