{"answers": ["B", "A", "C"], "options": [["Taking pictures of famous people in public places.", "Getting unsuitable pictures of a 10-year-old actress published.", "Following a famous woman singer secretly and taking her pictures.", "Hanging out at the places where celebrities often appear."], ["get the only first-hand pictures", "sell the pictures to a big newspaper", "make friends with famous people", "know the locations of celebrities"], ["Paparazzi always take pictures when famous people are tired.", "Stars hate paparazzi and don't want to be followed.", "Paparazzi and famous people rely on each other sometimes.", "Informers might get paparazzi into trouble."]], "questions": ["Which of the following things paparazzi might do would be against the law?", "In order to earn big money a pap has to   _  .", "What can we infer from the passage?"], "article": "Paparazzi, or \"paps\", are photographers who take pictures of famous people when they are not at the center of public attention. Paps are different from professional photographers or journalists because they never take ordinary photos.\nThe goal for paparazzi is to get pictures that no one else will get and then sell the pictures to the buyer who offers the most money --normally a small newspaper, magazine or website.\nThere is no law against paparazzi taking pictures in public places. However, there are laws that protect certain individuals. For example, child protection laws stop improper   pictures of anyone under 16 from being published.\nThere is also no law that stops paparazzi from following celebrities   and taking their pictures either. However, if paps are secretly following them and taking pictures of their faces, they could get into trouble.\nMost paparazzi hang out on streets and hot spots for celebrities, waiting for the opportunity to take a picture of a star. Many stay on the streets until the early hours of the morning when celebrities are leaving nightclubs and looking a little worse for wear. However, some have other ways to make sure they get pictures. Many paps are in contact with \"informers\" who know the locations of celebrities at any given time. They then pass the information on to paparazzi. An informer could be anyone --from a restaurant waiter to a salesman.\nMost of the time, paparazzi get a bad reputation for following celebrities. But sometimes stars or their managers will contact paps themselves and tell them exactly where and when they will go.\nWhat a love-hate relationship between paparazzi and celebrities!", "id": "high977.txt"}