{"answers": ["B", "A", "B"], "options": [["only in a normal night", "only when you go to sleep", "only when you refuse to show yourself to the world", "only when you change sleeping position"], ["He or she would rather be alone than communicate with you", "He or she is rarely ready to help you", "He or she prefers staying at home to going out", "He or she wouldn't like to get help from you"], ["he or she always shows sympathy for people", "he or she is confident, but not stubborn", "he or she has more strengths than weakness", "he or she often considers making other people angry"]], "questions": ["According to the writer, you naturally show your secret and real personality   _  .", "Maybe you don't want to make friends with a person who sleeps curled up. Why?", "It appears that the writer tends to think highly of the person who sleeps on one side because   _  ."], "article": "Everyone has got two personalities - the one that is shown to the world and the other that is secret and real. You don't show your secret personality when you're awake because you can control your behavior, but when you're asleep, your sleeping position shows the real you. In a normal night, of course, people frequently change their position. The important position is the one that you go to sleep in.\nIf you go to sleep on your back, you're a very open person. You normally trust people and you are easily influenced by fashion or new ideas. You don't like to upset people, so you never express your real feelings. You're quite shy and you aren't very confident.\nIf you sleep on your stomach, you are a rather secretive person. You worry a lot and you're always easily upset. You're very stubborn, but you aren't very ambitious. You usually live for today not for tomorrow. This means that you enjoy having a good time.\nIf you sleep on curled up, you are probably a very nervous person. You have a low opinion of yourself and so it is easy for you to get angry. You're shy and you don't normally like meeting people. You prefer to be on your own. You're easily hurt.\nIf you sleep on your side, you have usually got a well-balanced personality. You know your strengths and weakness. You're usually careful. You have a confident personality. You sometimes feel anxious, but you don't often get upset. You always say what you think even if it makes people angry.", "id": "high9772.txt"}