{"answers": ["D", "A", "C", "B"], "options": [["she thought it wasted too much time", "she was afraid of the strangers on her account", "she was tired of exposing her life to co!workers", "she thought it made real!world life less interesting"], ["had a 10!year membership of Facebook", "used to be very objected to Facebook", "was unpleasant to attend high school reunion", "was one of the co-founders of Facebook"], ["She owes her communication skills to Facebook.", "She wishes she could be several years younger.", "She prefers to face her friends and co-worders in reality.", "She is no longer curious about anything around her."], ["Addiction to Facebook", "Farewell to Facebook", "Friends Online", "A Simpler Life"]], "questions": ["Melody Cramer decided to quit Facebook mainly because   _  .", "We can learn from the passage that Melody Cramer   _  .", "Which of the following about Melody Cramer is TRUE?", "The best title for this passage can be   _  ."], "article": "One of those big social networking sites, Facebook, has attracted over 58 million members. Commentator Melody Cramer is no longer one of them. Here is what she shares with us about her story.\nI deleted all 1,281 of my co!workers, second!grade classmates and people who I don't know at all. I shut down my account, completely. I'm 30, and I've been on Facebook since March of 2004, which makes me one of the website's earliest users.\nAt first, I used it obsessively. If I had a free moment, I'd log on to see whether my friends had updated their profiles. I'd sit alone scrolling through these updates and then run into someone at a coffee shop and have nothing to say because I already knew everything about them, and they knew everything about me.\nIn November, I went to my ten!year high school reunion and was not pleasantly surprised. Lauren became a model, Josh went to law school, Dina was a teacher. I hadn't talked to any of them since graduation, but I knew exactly what they were doing, both now and last week. But lately, I'm overwhelmed . Facebook opened up to everyone, not just college students, and my co!workers started to join, which meant they now knew what I was doing when I wasn't at work.\nAnd as a rule: you can NOT make friends with your coworkers because then they'll ask you the next day. But I thought we were friends. And you are friends but not the kind of friends who tell each other what they do outside of work. So now the people you work with can see what you did last night, and you're constantlyworrying what people might say about what you did last night instead of actually doing anything tonight.So I  quit. I became a 30!year!old Luddite, a person who is strongly against technology development. I've returned to how the world worked when I was 20, before I knew when my friends and co!workers were counting down the seconds to vacation or entering a complicated relationship. I'm hoping life will be a lot simpler now. People\nwill be more mysterious now that I actually have to talk to them to find out their favorite books or hobbies orneurosis . I don't know when my college roommate goes to the supermarket, and I think I'm a better person for not knowing. In fact, you could say getting off a social network was the best thing I've done this week.", "id": "high9783.txt"}