{"answers": ["D", "A", "B"], "options": [["try your best to stop yourself aging", "make up by using eye shadow", "raise your hand to lift your eyes", "try to use eye creams"], ["reading the reviews first", "comparing the prices of all the products", "surfing the Internet for the best eye cream", "trying to visit dermatologists as often as possible"], ["be careful of the package of the products", "notice the function of the products", "know of the quantity of the products", "pay attention to the production date of the products"]], "questions": ["To deal with lines around your eyes, you can  _  .", "The best way to buy an eye cream is by  _  .", "When reading reviews if the eye creams, you should  _  ."], "article": "Lines around the eyes mean the aging process in the body. Though aging is considered as one of the most unavoidable occurrence in one's life, it is not entirely the thing. You just need to know that you can deal with it in your life. For example, if you are willing to spend a considerable amount of money to make yourself look young again, then you can try eye lifts. However, if you are more of the money-conscious type, then you should decide to go for eye creams which bring the same results but with lower prices.\nDespite of the advantages of using eye creams, however, there is a disadvantage in trying them. This is due to the hundreds of brands o eye creams being marketed at present. If you do not know how to choose the best eye cream in the countless brands available, then you might fall victim to eye creams that do not really fulfill their promised effects.\nWhat's good is that looking for the best eye cream does not involve too much effort. You just have to look for eye cream reviews to know how a product performs and if it lives up to its promises. If you have a dermatologist , then you can ask for advice. If you have none, however, then you can just browse on the net for the best cream for your needs.\nIn searching for eye cream reviews, look for those with reviews based on the results of product testing. Doing so can ensure you that you are not basing your decision on fake review sites that are only made to build up an image of a certain product. Follow these tips and guidelines and you are sure to finally spot the best eye cream that can solve your aging problem.", "id": "high9792.txt"}