{"answers": ["C", "D", "A"], "options": [["The daughter is a well-rounded college student.", "The father faced the greatest challenge in 2006.", "The daughter is a freshman in college.", "Steve Jobs gave the great example where he took calligraphy at Columbia commencement."], ["you will be well-educated if you forget all is taught", "there are only master-inspired students in college", "the daughter will be thinner if she goes on a diet", "the skills of learning is very important for his daughter's life"], ["your family are far away while college friends are around you within an easy reach", "they are closer to you psychologically than to your family", "they are better than your family", "going through independence and adulthood is unusual bonding experience"]], "questions": ["What can we learn from the passage?", "The father may agree that   _  .", "College friends are often the best to you because  _  ."], "article": "Dear daughter,\nAs we drove off from Columbia, I wanted to write a letter to you to tell you all that is on my mind.\nI want to tell you how proud we are. Getting into Columbia is a real testament of what a great well-rounded student you are. Your academic, artistic, and social skills have truly blossomed in the last few years. You have become a talented and accomplished young woman.\nCollege will be the most important years in your life. It is in college that you will truly discover what learning is about. You often question \"what good is this course\". I encourage you to be inquisitive, but I also want to tell you: \"Education is what you have left after all that is taught is forgotten.\" What I mean by that is the materials taught isn't as important as you gaining the ability to learn a new subject, and the ability to analyze a new problem. That is really what learning in college is about - this will be the period where you go from teacher-taught to master-inspired, after which you must become self-learner. So do take each subject seriously, and even if what you learn isn't critical for your life, the skills of learning will be something you cherish forever.\nFollow your passion in college. Take courses you think you will enjoy. Don't be trapped in what others think or say. Steve Jobs says when you are in college, your passion will create many dots, and later in your life you will connect them. In his great speech given at Stanford commencement, he gave the great example where he took calligraphy, and a decade later, it became the basis of the beautiful Macintosh fonts, which later ignited desktop publishing, and brought wonderful tools like Microsoft Word to our lives. His expedition into calligraphy was a dot, and the Macintosh became the connecting line. Enjoy picking your dots, and be assured one day you will find your calling, and connect a beautiful curve through the dots of yourself .\nMost importantly, make friends and be happy. College friends are often the best in life, because during college you are closer to them physically than to your family. Also, going through independence and adulthood is a natural bonding experience.\nSo please treasure your college years - make the best of your free time, become an independent thinker in control of your destiny, evolve yourself into a bi-cultural talent, be bold to experiment, learn and grow through your successes and challenges.\nWhen I faced the greatest challenge and opportunity in my life in 2005, you gave me a big hug and said \"bonne chance\", which means \"good luck\" and \"good courage\". Now I do the same for you. Bonne chance, my angel and princess. May Columbia become the happiest four years in your life, and may you blossom into just what you dream to be.\nLove,\nDad (& Mom)", "id": "high9793.txt"}