{"answers": ["D", "A", "C"], "options": [["doctors", "nurses", "dietician", "all above"], ["The patient will be told how soon he can recover after an operation", "The Hospital creates a record of the care and services.", "The patient can be told his health plan about a treatment", "The Hospital can arrange appropriate meals for patients."], ["Patients couldn't be informed of his medical information", "All persons in the Hospital know patients' information", "Patients in the Hospital could receive proper care and treatment", "The Hospital could never combine your medical information with those of many Hospital patients."]], "questions": ["From the notice, we can learn   _  may read your medical information.", "Which of the following isn't mentioned in the notice?", "What can be inferred from the notice?"], "article": "A Notice of Delnor Hospital (the \"Hospital\")\nTHIS  NOTICE DESCRIBES HOW MEDICAL INFORMATION ABOUT MAY BE USED AND DISCLOSED (  )\nIf you have any questions about this notice, please contact:\nThe ASIFlex Privacy  Office\nPO  BOX  6044\nColumnbia MO  65205- 0858\nWe understand that medical information about you and your health is personal. We are committed to protecting your medical information. We create a record of the care and services you receive at the Hospital. We need this record to provide you with quality care and to comply  with certain legal requirements.\nThis notice explains the ways in which we may use and disclose medical information about you. We also describe your rights and certain obligation(   ) we have regarding the use and disclosure of medical information.\nHOW WE MAY USE AND DISCLOSE MEDICAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU\nThe following categories describe different ways that we use and disclose your medical information. Not every use or disclosure in every category is listed. However, all of the ways we are permitted to use and disclose information will fall within one of the categories.\nFor Treatment.   We may use your medical information to provide you with medical treatment or services. We may disclose your medical information to doctors, nurses and technicians. In addition, the doctor may need to tell the dietician if you have diabetes so that we may arrange appropriate meals. Different departments within the Hospital also may share your medical information.\nFor Payment.    We may use and disclose your medical information so that the treatment and services you receive at the Hospital may be billed and payment may be collected from you, an insurance company or a third party. We also may tell your health plan about a treatment you are going to receive to obtain prior approval or to determine whether your plan will cover the treatment.\nFor Health Care Operations.   We may use and disclose your medical information for the Hospital operations purposes. These uses and disclosures are necessary to run the Hospital and to make sure that all of our patients receive quality care. We also may combine your medical information with those of many Hospital patients to determine whether additional services should be offered, what services are no longer needed and whether certain new treatments are effective.", "id": "high9794.txt"}