{"answers": ["B", "C", "A", "D", "A"], "options": [["2008", "1878", "1920", "1974"], ["there were too many scholars", "students were mostly adults", "King Henry III gave much help", "the town people were very friendly"], ["to meet the need of American industrialization", "to take advantage of the European university style", "to cover an extended area along the Charles River", "to stress research and education in the physical sciences"], ["Oxford.", "Cambridge.", "MIT.", "Tsinghua."], ["Henry III banned students attending the University of Paris.", "The landlords of Cambridge asked for too much money.", "MIT covers a very large area of land.", "Tsingua, Peking and Nankai once joined together."]], "questions": ["The University of Oxford did not take in female students until   _  .", "When the University of Cambridge was set up,   _  .", "The reason for founding MIT is   _  .", "Which of the four universities was once moved to another place in history?", "Which of the following statements is NOT true according to this passage?"], "article": "As the oldest university in the English-speaking world, Oxford is a unique and historic institution. There is no clear date of foundation, but teaching existed at Oxford in some form in 1096 and developed rapidly from 1167, when Henry II banned English students from attending the University of Paris. From 1878, academic halls were established for women and they were admitted to full membership of the University in 1920. Five all-male colleges first admitted women in 1974. St Hilda's College, which was originally for women only, was the last of Oxford's single sex colleges. It has admitted both men and women since 2008.\nBy 1200, the town of Cambridge had at least one school of some distinction. Then, in 1209, some scholars settled there. By 1226 the scholars were numerous enough to have set up an organisation, and seem to have arranged regular courses of study, taught by their own members. From the start there was conflict between the town and the students. Students, usually aged about fourteen or fifteen, often caused disturbances; citizens of the town, on the other hand, were known to overcharge for rooms and food. King Henry III took the scholars under his protection as early as 1231 and arranged for them to be sheltered from exploitation by their landlords.\nThe Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) is a private research university in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Founded in 1861 in response to the increasing industrialization of the United States, MIT adopted a European university model and stressed laboratory instruction in applied science and engineering. The current 168-acre campus opened in 1916 and extends over 1 mile (1.6 km) along the northern bank of the Charles River basin.\nOn April 29, 1911, Tsinghua Xuetang began its first term of study, and from that year on, the Tsinghua's anniversary has fallen on the last Sunday of April. Following the outbreak of the War of Resistance against Japan in 1937, Tsinghua University, Peking University and Nankai University combined to form the National Southwest Associated University in Kunming. After the war, Tsinghua University moved back to its original Beijing campus.", "id": "high9797.txt"}