{"answers": ["B", "D", "D"], "options": [["Human memory can fail sometimes.", "Bumblebees make false memories too.", "Humans are not as clever as bumblebees.", "Bumblebees have extraordinary memory."], ["Memory failure influences students' study effects.", "Bumblebees' memory is complicated and worth studying.", "The bees couldn't make out which flower had rewarded them days later.", "Bumblebees are stupid insects with limited brain capacity."], ["Chittka thinks that bumblebees failed to remember the color of the flowers", "Researchers have learned that bumblebees are unreliable animals", "There exist no similarities between the memory errors in humans and bees.", "It is less challenging for humans than bees to store main features of several objects."]], "questions": ["Which of the following might be the best title of the passage?", "According to the passage, which of the following statements is NOT true?", "We can infer from the passage that   _  ."], "article": "It's well known that our human memory can fail us. People can be forgetful, and they can sometimes also \"remember\" things incorrectly, with damaging consequences in the classroom, courtroom, and other areas of life. Now, researchers show for the first time that bumblebees  can be unreliable witnesses too.\nBumblebees are rather clever animals, which explains why Chittka has been studying learning and memory in the insects for the last 20 years.\nMost times when people have studied memory in animals, errors in performance have been taken to mean that the animals failed to learn the task or perhaps learned it and then forgot. But what if animals can experience a more interesting type of memory failure?\nTo find out, Chittka first trained bumblebees to expect a reward when visiting a yellow artificial flower followed by one with black-and-white rings. During subsequent tests, bees were given a choice between three types of flowers. Two were the types they'd seen in the training before. The third had yellow-and-white rings, representing a mixed-up version of the other two. Minutes after the training, the bees showed a clear preference for the flower that recently rewarded them.\nOne or three days later, however, something very different happened when the bumblebees' memory was put to the test. At first, the bees showed the same preference displayed in the earlier tests, but as the time went on, they began selecting the flower with yellow rings, even though they'd never actually seen that one in training before.\nChittka says that insects make similar errors in the conjunction   of long-term memories as humans do. The ability to extract   common features between different events in the environment might come at the expense of remembering every detail correctly. In bees, with their limited brain capacity  , the pressure to store main features of several objects rather than each individual object might be much greater, compared with humans.", "id": "high9800.txt"}