{"answers": ["D", "C", "A"], "options": [["Because grocery stores without shopping carts made less money.", "Because he lowered the prices of his goods.", "Because customers liked the shopping cart's creative design.", "Because customers were able to carry more items when shopping."], ["The bur.", "The shopping cart.", "Velcro.", "Spoon."], ["The future does not promise many useful inventions.", "There are many interesting inventions in the world today.", "Companies often invent things out of profit.", "Nature inspires creativity."]], "questions": ["Why did sales go up in Sylvan Goldman's grocery store after he began providing shopping carts?", "According to the article, which invention shows how nature inspires us?", "Which of the following statements would the author most likely disagree with?"], "article": "The modern world is full of useful objects that were invented by someone, from spoons and  chopsticks in our kitchens to the Ipads in our handbags. Each invention is an example of the creative power of the human mind. Where do inventors get their inspirations ? The inspiration behind  each of these inventions varies.\nTake the shopping cart as an example. Sylvan Goldman was a grocery store owner. Like most businessmen, he wished that his customers would buy more so that he could make more money. He knew what if they could carry more goods easily as they were shopping, when his sales would go up. While thinking about the problem one night, he had an idea. Working with a local handyman named  Fred Young, he designed the first shopping cart. Today, retailers who use shopping carts sell more goods and make more profits.\nNature has also inspired inventors throughout history. This is what happened to George de  Mestral one day. While hunting with his dog in the Swiss Alps, he noticed how the burs  of  certain plants stuck to his clothing and to his dog' s fur. After examining them under a microscope,\nhe found they had tiny hooks that could easily stick to the fibers of clothing or animal hide. For the next ten years, George de Mestral searched for the hest way to produce his idea. The result of his original inspiration was Velcro, which is used in many modem objects, including sportswear, shoes, automobiles, and even space suits.\nThese examples show us that there are at least two possible inspirations for human creativity in  the world of inventions -- profit and nature. No doubt, the future will continue to breathe new life into the economies of the world with fresh ideas and inventions. How many of their creations will be inspired by natural phenomena? The world's problems require creativity and we can expect best solutions from future generations.", "id": "high9820.txt"}