{"answers": ["C", "A", "D", "A"], "options": [["A successful roadside wedding during the Golden Week.", "The popularity of traveling around during the Golden Week.", "The crowded situation in China during the Golden Week.", "The cause of the heavy traffic in China during the Golden Week."], ["to ask for help", "to hold their wedding on the air", "to complain about the traffic conclusion", "to find someone to pick them up"], ["in Zhejiang Province", "in a hotel", "in the bride's hometown", "in the groom's hometown"], ["A newspaper.", "A textbook.", "A travel brochure.", "A TV interview."]], "questions": ["What does the text mainly intend to tell us?", "Lv, the groom, called the local radio because he wanted   _  .", "By tradition, the wedding was supposed to take place   _  .", "Where does this text probably come from?"], "article": "Most Chinese people expect to relax and enjoy themselves during the Golden Week. But for those trying to go someplace,it may seem more disappointment than pleasure. This year, the severe traffic jam resulted in a roadside wedding.\nThe suffering of being stuck in traffic was possibly most strongly felt by Lv Kangzhou and his bride Yan Mengxia. By tradition, the groom drove early in the morning to the bride's home in Zhejiang province in East China to pick her up along with her family and take them to his family's hometown for the wedding. By 4 p.m., Lv's wedding was 90 minutes away, but his car had not moved an inch for a long time. Lv contacted the local radio to explain his difficult situation and ask for a traffic forecast. The radio host told Lv there was no way he could hold his wedding on time and offered to hold their wedding on the air. At 5:30 p.m., Lv and his bride said their vows on the side of the road while Lv's family and friends witnessed the ceremony while listening to the radio.\nLv wasn't the only person stuck in the Golden Week crowds. According to the state news agency Xinhua, 11.7 million people traveled by train Wednesday. It calculated that 120,000 people gathered at Tiananmen Square in Beijing to watch the flag raising ceremony. Last year, the Forbidden City in Beijing hosted 175,000 tourists on a single day during Golden Week, and the number is expecting to be even bigger this year.\nChinese internet users routinely complain about the Golden Week holiday every year. As internet user Tuzhi said on Sina Weibo: \"On the Great Wall, I'm holding your hand, but I cannot see your face.\"", "id": "high9824.txt"}