{"answers": ["A", "D", "D", "B", "C"], "options": [["Carnivals around the world.", "History of carnival.", "Customs of carnival.", "Carnival parades."], ["all urban residents celebrate carnival for a week", "people prepare for or celebrate carnival after Mardi Gras Day", "the parades should have a subject related to Brazil", "not all cities have a street carnival"], ["children wearing costumes march in the streets", "adult dance groups dance in the streets", "people participate in crafts and dancing", "nearly all people are sprayed with water"], ["The time of celebrating carnival in Bolivia is mentioned.", "There are details and numbers about carnival celebrations in Bolivia.", "Events or performances for carnival celebrations in Bolivia are mentioned.", "Participants in the carnival celebration in Bolivia are mentioned."], ["Louisiana.", "Bolivia.", "Venice.", "Brazil."]], "questions": ["What's the best title of the passage?", "From the passage we learn that in Brazil  _  .", "The most important feature of the celebration of carnival in Bolivia is that  _  .", "Which of the following statements shows that the author pays special attention to the carnival in Bolivia?", "Which of the following areas or countries prepares the most carefully for their carnival according to the passage?"], "article": "Carnival does not take place only in Louisiana. There are many celebrations around the world.\nIn Brazil, the celebration is supposed to go on from the Saturday before Mardi Gras to Mardi Gras Day, but in some Brazilian cities the celebration can last seven or eight days. Just like New Orleans, not many important things are decided in Brazil from New Year's Day to Mardi Gras Day because everyone is preparing for or celebrating carnival. Most Brazilian parades have a subject, which could be political and historical. The parades had to have a subject related to Brazil until 1996. Some cities in Brazil do not have a street carnival but they might have an indoor ball.\nBolivia has carnival parades for children and then more parades for adults. The children dress up in costumes and march in the streets. The adults make traditional dance groups and dance in the streets. But the main part of Bolivia's carnival is getting wet. Almost everyone gets wet from water balloons and water buckets. In Oruru, Bolivia, their carnival is held in the last ten days of the carnival season. People there participate in crafts and dancing, but their main carnival event is a ceremonial parade that lasts for twenty hours and parades for four kilometers. Over 20,000 dancers are involved as well as 10,000 musicians. This parade attracts at least 400,000 people.\nThe carnival in Venice, Italy is often regarded as the most carefully prepared carnival and lasts the ten days before Lent  . Many events are held in the canals including shows, concerts, dances, and water processions . The official ending to the celebration is the ball held in St. Mark's Square.", "id": "high9843.txt"}