{"answers": ["B", "A", "C", "A"], "options": [["Mexicans declared their independence from Spain.", "The Spanish ruled Mexico.", "The Aztecs lived in Mexico.", "Americans fought a war with Mexico."], ["the US to expand its borders to the Pacific Ocean", "Mexico to change its Independence Day to July 4th", "Mexico to become one of the states of the Union", "Americans to adopt the Mexican language"], ["building styles", "vocabulary", "clothes", "food"], ["didn't speak Spanish", "couldn't read or write any language", "didn't have tools", "didn't understand the concept of time"]], "questions": ["According to the passage, what happened second on historical timeline?", "The passage says that President Polk wanted   _  .", "Mexicans have the following influences on America EXCEPT   _  .", "Before the Aztecs were conquered , these Native Americans probably   _  ."], "article": "Hundreds of years ago, Native-American tribes lived in Mexico. The Aztecs built beautiful cities. They had a calendar   and a written language. However, the Spanish destroyed the Aztecs in l521. For the next 300 years, Spain ruled over Mexico. That's why Mexicans speak Spanish.\nEvery September l6 the Mexican people hold a celebration in Mexico City, their country's capital. It is their Independence Day. On that date in 1821 they told Spain they would no longer be ruled. Breaking free from Spain caused a war. When it was over, the Mexicans had their own government. They made their own laws.\nToday America and Mexico are friends, but it wasn't always that way. President James Polk wanted America to reach from the Atlantic Ocean to the Pacific Ocean. He tried to buy what is now the American southwest from Mexico. Mexico would not sell. So from l846 to 1848 Mexico and America fought a war to ascertain where their borders would be. When the war ended, Mexico had lost a lot of land. Now the Rio Grande River forms the border between the two nations. America is on the north side of the river. Mexico is on the south side.\nMexico has mountains and a hot, dry climate. Crops can grow on only a small part of the land. Still, Mexicans grow much of the coffee, oranges, and sugar used in the US. Mexicans have influenced building styles in southwestern US and added words such as patio and canton to American English. Americans also enjoy eating many Mexican foods like burritos, tacos, tortillas, and tamales.", "id": "high9844.txt"}