{"answers": ["C", "D", "A"], "options": [["bullying is the main cause of children's suicides", "we should not expect too much from friendship", "friendship has the power to prevent sad events", "one should not forget his old circle of friends"], ["Disappointing.", "Unexpected", "Uncertain.", "Satisfying"], ["praise", "delight", "complaint", "concern"]], "questions": ["The author seems to agree that   _  .", "Which of the following words can best describe the ending of the story?", "The general tone  of the passage is one of   _  ."], "article": "Recently, we were given the opportunity to review a book written by a young author. When we received it, I noted how beautifully done it was. While often the case---we see beautifully written and illustrated books all the time---but how often do they come from a 10-year-old? Sewing a Friendship, written by a creative and talented young girl named Natalie Tinti, is such a book.\nDeveloping friendships is an area that Natalie Tinti has researched in her own life. In her book, Sewing a Friendship, she tells what great things can happen if kids take a step toward friendship.\nTinti's characters in Sewing a Friendship have colorful and creative personalities. Jonsy Jipsy loves singing and belly dance. Sokron Blossom lives in a neat and tidy world and loves to read fashion magazines. Meeka likes brain games and Nina is happy with her life and the music it brings her.\nAll but one of the characters seems happy with their lives. One of the girls, Kiki Shaver, was sad to live in a small home with her aunt and uncle. She had no friend and didn't know how to make them. When four girls invites her into the circle of their friendship, it's no wonder that Kiki is hesitant and uneasy.\nThe story continues as the four girls invite and accept a \" not so likeable\" girl into their circle to win a fashion show. The girls feel a strong bond of friendship after the show. Kiki then understands that taking a step towards friendship is better than being alone. All the girls learn that by having the courage to include others, you can \" sew a friendship\".\nToday, it seems that almost every news headline begins with a child's suicide---or murder---because of being bullied ,not having friends or family to discuss issues with and feelings of low self -respect. What's causing these senseless terrible events? If more kids would invite the outcasts  into their circle of friends, lives would be saved as well as pointed in another direction.\nNatalie Tinti finds her voice in Sewing a Friendship ---and shows a talent that's rare for such a young girl. Recommended reading for all young adult fans.", "id": "high9855.txt"}