{"answers": ["D", "B", "A"], "options": [["people had realized the importance of pinnipeds", "pinnipeds were hunted for their meat", "pinnipeds had a better life than today", "many families were using lamps"], ["the market for seal oil is growing", "Northern fur seals aren't in much danger now", "oil spills are the biggest problem for pinnipeds", "stricter laws need to be made to protect pinnipeds"], ["Wildlife.", "Lifestyle.", "Tourism.", "Environment."]], "questions": ["During the 18th and 19th century,   _  .", "It can be inferred from the passage that  _  .", "In which part of a magazine can we most probably read this passage?"], "article": "The future of pinnipeds  looks much brighter today than it once did. At one time, about 100 years ago, it seemed certain that many pinnipeds in the world would be destroyed by human hunters. Today, it appears that most species( ) of pinnipeds are out of danger.\nHunting was not controlled during the 18th and 19th centuries, because little was known about the lives of pinnipeds. Whales and pinnipeds were hunted for the oil from their body fat. This oil was used in lamps before electric lights were invented. Millions of seals and other pinnipeds were used to provide oil for the lamps of the world. As a result, the numbers of many pinniped species fell rapidly.\nSeveral things happened that helped to save pinnipeds. First, species that were hunted to near extinction   were left alone because their numbers were too low and the cost of hunting them went up greatly. At the same time, electric lights were invented and the market for seal oil became smaller. Finally, governments around the world made laws to protect pinnipeds.\nAs a result of all these things, the numbers of most pinniped species have grown in recent years. With some species, such as Northern fur seals, there may be as many animals alive today as there were before all the hunting began.\nHowever, oil is still a danger to pinnipeds and all sea animals. But this time it's not because they are hunted for their oil. The oil that puts them in danger is from oil spills  in the sea. The oil covers their fur and reduces their body temperatures. Oil also sticks to the foods they eat. This modern danger to pinnipeds and their environment is one we must work to prevent.", "id": "high9866.txt"}