{"answers": ["C", "D", "B"], "options": [["The Duke of Buckingham.", "George IV.", "The Duke of Buckingham's wife.", "George IV's wife."], ["is flown at Buckingham Palace every morning", "represents the four countries of the UK", "flies at half mast only on a few occasions", "flies higher than the British Union Flag"], ["Every morning and evening.", "Every morning.", "When the Queen's flag is flying.", "When a flag is flying at the Palace."]], "questions": ["For whom was the original Buckingham Palace built?", "According to the text, the Royal Standard  _  .", "When can a visitor see the Changing of the Guard ceremony?"], "article": "Buckingham Palace is where the Queen lives. It is the Queen's official and main royal London home.Buckingham Palace was originally a splendid house built by the Duke  of Buckingham for his wife. George IV began changing it into a palace in 1826. It has been the official London home of Britain's royal family since 1837. Buckingham Palace is also an office and used for the administrative work of the royal family.\nWhen the Queen is at home you can see her royal flag (the Royal Standard) flying from the flag pole on top of Buckingham Palace.\nThe flag is divided into four equal parts. The first and fourth parts represent England and contain three gold lions waking on a red field; the second part represents Scotland and contains a red lion standing on a gold field; the third part represents Ireland and contains the gold coat of arms of Ireland on a blue field.\nIn flag protocol  , the Royal Standard which must only be flown from buildings where the Queen is present is supreme  . It flies above the British Union Flag (the Union Jack ), and other British flags. It never flies at half mast.\nThe guards of the Palace wear red jackets and tall, furry hats. When the first guards come on duty, there is a ceremony called the Changing of the Guard. A familiar sight at Buckingham Palace is the Changing of the Guard ceremony that takes place in the open space in front of it each morning.\nThe Palace has around 750 rooms, including 19 state rooms, 52 royal and guest bedrooms, 78 bathrooms, 92 offices, a cinema and a swimming pool. It also has its own post office and police station. About 400 people work at the Palace, including servants, chefs, footmen, cleaners, gardeners, electricians, and so on. More than 50,000 people come to the Palace each year as guests to dinners, receptions and Royal Garden Parties.", "id": "high9870.txt"}