{"answers": ["A", "D", "B", "C"], "options": [["warn us of the importance of our personal credit report", "tell us the story of a Chongqing student", "encourage us to use credits widely", "inform us to apply for a loan at university"], ["taxes", "telephone bills", "water use fees", "genetic data"], ["Personal credit systems go back 150 years in China.", "You can turn to the People's Bank of China for the information about your credit report.", "Credit history in banks is the only content of a credit report.", "Credit reports began in 2006 in China."], ["A Credit Report Rating", "Credit in China", "Credit Really Counts", "Credit Report Contents"]], "questions": ["The author took the story as an example in order to   _  .", "Credit reports will include the following except   _  .", "According to the passage, which of the following statements is TRUE?", "What's the best title for the passage?"], "article": "If your parents take out a loan, remind themselves to make the payments on time. Otherwise it will become a negative record in their personal credit reports, which are playing an increasingly big role in people's daily lives. A story carried by Chongqing Morning Post in June, underlines this trend.\nAccording to the report, a Chongqing student borrowed money from the bank to finance his university studies. After he graduated in 2005, he went to work in Shenzhen. Later, he wanted to buy a house using loans. But several banks turned down his loan applications. The reason was that he had not paid back 1,500 yuan he borrowed from a bank when he was at university.\nA personal credit rating is becoming an essential \"pass\" in everyday life, as China establishes a nationwide credit database. Personal credit systems go back 150 years. In developed countries, enterprises and banks use them to decide whether or not to loan money or do other business with a person.\nA credit report estimates the credit worthiness of an individual, a company, or even a country. It is an evaluation made by credit bureaus of a borrower's overall credit history and his or her ability to repay debt. A poor credit rating means a high risk of defaulting on a loan, and thus leads to the refusal of a loan by the lender.\nToday in China, credit history in banks is the major content of a credit report. But in the future, reports will include information about the payment of telephone bills, water use fees, electricity and natural gas bills, and taxes, according to officials of the People's Bank of China, the central bank.\nPersonal information such as appearance, genetic data, fingerprints, blood type, disease history, ethnic identity, family and religious beliefs are not to be included in credit reports, according to a draft regulation on credit rating issued last year by the Sate Council. The authors of the draft have just finished soliciting  public opinions.\nThe Credit Reference Center run by the People's Bank of China is in charge of developing a nationwide credit database. Credit reports for all people with bank transactions  began in 2006.\nA personal credit rating is important to the social and economic activities of a person. According to the draft, if you have a personal negative credit record, it will be kept for five years.", "id": "high9878.txt"}