{"answers": ["C", "B"], "options": [["Sad", "Sorry", "Regretful", "Pitiful"], ["Your parents will keep talking to themselves when they are old.", "Be good to your parents when you still have the chance.", "You will regret in your life if you don't show your kindness to your parents.", "It is not easy to take good care of sick old parents."]], "questions": ["Which of the following word can be used to describe the writer's friend?", "What does the writer want to tell us in the passage?"], "article": "A few days ago I got a call from my old college friend whom I haven't seen for a very long time. The topic, which was about all the good old times that we had changed to a touching story when he started talking about his father.\nHis father's declining health made him stay at the hospital. Because of his illness, his father suffered from insomnia   and often talked to himself. My friend, who had not been able to sleep for a few days as he had to keep watching his father's condition, became irritated and told his father to keep silent and try to get some sleep. His father said that he really wanted to sleep well because he was very tired and told my friend to leave him alone in the hospital if he did not want to keep him company.\nAfter his father finished talking, he fell unconscious  . My friend was very sorry for speaking the ill words towards his father. My friend, whom I knew as a tough person, cried as a baby on the other end of the telephone. He said that from that moment on, he prayed every day, asking God to let his father wake up from his coma. He promised himself that whatever words came out from his father's mouth after he regained his consciousness, he would gladly take them. His only hope for God was to give him a chance to _ his past mistake.\nOften, we complain when we have to accompany or watch over our parents for years, months, days, hours or even minutes. But do we realize that our parents keep us company and watch over us for as long as we (or they) live? From the day we were born to our adulthood, and even when deaths come to us, they are always at our side.\nImagine how sad our parents will be when they hear a seemingly innocent word of \"no\" come out from our mouths. We can make promises to ourselves that from now on there will be no more complaints that come out from our mouths when we have to watch over or accompany our parents. No more complaints come out from our mouths when we feel that our parents have treated us like little children. There are so many unlucky ones who have neither fathers nor mothers. They long to have the things that we most complain about, but never have them.\nActually, it takes only a second to think and light the lamp that will bring us to a place where peace is dwelling.", "id": "high988.txt"}