{"answers": ["B", "C", "A"], "options": [["consider grammar to be boring", "are afraid of making grammar mistakes", "mind grammar too much in writing", "are worried about grammar homework"], ["Both can be learned easily.", "Both can be interesting games.", "Both need standards.", "Both can make sense for our life."], ["Grammar is not horrible.", "Forgetting grammar when writing.", "Improving grammar through writing.", "What is grammarphobia?"]], "questions": ["Grammarphobes refer to people who   _  .", "What does playing cards have in common with communicating?", "What might be the main idea of the passage?"], "article": "Grammarphobia is the fear of grammar. This fear attacks almost everybody at one time or another, and it's most likely to strike during English or language arts classes. Even people who love reading and writing have been known to get feverish and insecure when they are aware of the possibility of turning in homework with grammar or spelling mistakes. Though writing may be enjoyable, being corrected is definitely not!\nGrammarphobes, it's time to put your fears behind you. Grammar isn't that dreadful  . Here's why.\nLet's assume you like hearing and telling stories and that you enjoy joking with friends. You probably also like emailing and instantmessaging.  Well, what do you think makes all these possible? Grammar!\nGrammar is simply the art of putting words together to make sentences. Whenever you use words to express yourself, you're using grammar. You do this all the time without even thinking.\nSo why think about it? Because good grammar helps you convey the ideas you intend. If your words aren't right, or if they are not in the right order, the person you are talking to might get the wrong idea. This can have embarrassing results.\nGrammar helps us understand each other.  It's like a manual   for assembling the words in your head. You have to put your words together the right way if you want them to make sense. They can't do what you want if they aren't put together correctly.\nWhat if everybody you know had a different manual? How would you agree on what others' words mean? People with different grammar manuals might be speaking different languages.\nCommunicating is similar to playing cards.  To make sense, we have to play the same game, by the same rules. What are the rules for playing the game of English? You already know most of them without having to open a book.", "id": "high9880.txt"}