{"answers": ["B", "D", "D", "A"], "options": [["occur when they go wild", "be just part of their nature", "get worse in modern society", "become a threat to the community"], ["teach the dog to perform clever tricks", "make the dog aware of its owner's authority", "enable the dog to regain its normal behavior", "provide the dog with a pattern accepted by its owner"], ["To avoid being punished.", "To show their affection for their masters.", "To win leadership of the dog pack.", "To show their willingness to obey."], ["can give the dog more freedom", "will enjoy a better family life", "can give the dog more rewards", "will have more confidence in himself"]], "questions": ["Behavior problems of dogs are believed to   _  .", "The key to solving dogs' behavior problems is to   _  .", "Why do pet dogs love performing tricks for their masters?", "When a dog has received effective obedience training, its owner   _  ."], "article": "Dogs are social animals and without proper training, they will behave like wild animals. They will soil your house, destroy your belongings, bark excessively, fight other dogs and even bite you. Nearly all behavior problems are perfectly normal dog activities that occur at the wrong time or place or are directed at the wrong thing. The key to preventing or treating behavior problems is learning to teach the dog to redirect its normal behavior to an outlet that is acceptable in the domestic   setting.\nOne of the best things you can do for your dog and yourself is to train its obedience. Obedience training doesn't solve all behavior problems, but it is the foundation for solving just about any problem. Training pens up a line of communication between you and your dog. Effective communication is necessary to instruct your dog about what you want it to do.\nTraining is also an easy way to establish the social rank order. When your dog obeys a simple request of \"come here, sit,\" it is showing obedience and respect for you. It is not necessary to establish yourself as top dog or leader of the pack   by using extreme measure. You can teach your dog its subordinate   role by teaching it to show submission to you. Most dogs love performing tricks for you to pleasantly accept that you are in charge.\nTraining should be fun and rewarding for you and your dog. It can enrich your relationship and make living together more enjoyable. A well-trained dog is more confident and can more safely be allowed a greater amount of freedom than an untrained animal.", "id": "high9883.txt"}