{"answers": ["D", "D", "C"], "options": [["On the beach.", "At the hospital.", "At home.", "At school."], ["Her sister.", "The headmaster.", "Her teacher.", "The police officer"], ["Her father had been very ill.", "Her mother had gotten better.", "Her mother had been dead.", "Her mother came to see her."]], "questions": ["Where was the writer when she learned her mother was sick?", "Who brought the writer the bad news that her mother was ill?", "What did the headmaster tell the two teachers on the next day?"], "article": "I will always remember my mother's last days in this world.\nOn February 14th, 2008, my class went on a field trip to the beach. I had so much fun. When we returned to school, my teacher told me to go to the headmaster's office. When I got into the office, I saw a police officer. Suddenly, I realized something was wrong. The police officer told me what had happened and we went to pick my sister up. After that, we went to the hospital and waited. Time went slowly. Finally, we got to see our mother. It was terrible.\nOn the next day, the headmaster came and told my two teachers what had happened. I was taking a test that day. I knew it had something to do with my mother. I kept thinking that she either died or had gotten better. How I wished that she had gotten better. When my teacher took me outside, my sister ran up to me. She started crying, \"She's gone, Terresa, mommy's gone. She's dead.\" I couldn't believe it. We jumped into the car and drove straight to the hospital. Most of my family were there. The silence was terrible. I knew I had to say goodbye.\nToday when I look back, I still miss my mother very much, but I know that I will live. My mother was a strong mother, who had the biggest heart. She was an angel walking on the earth. I will always remember her as a living. When someone is asked who their hero is, they usually say someone famous, like Michael Jordan or Britney Spears. When someone asks me who my hero is, I tell them, my mother. My mother lives everyday. That is what makes her a true hero.", "id": "high9899.txt"}