{"answers": ["B", "A", "D"], "options": [["A personal statement.", "An entrance visa.", "Evidence of English ability.", "A secondary school diploma"], ["You will have an interview in English.", "You will get the reply over the phone.", "You should make a decision within 4 weeks.", "You should reply to the offer the moment you get it."], ["In an educational magazine.", "On a notice board.", "In an English teaching book.", "On a university's website."]], "questions": ["Which is unnecessary for people inside the EU when submitting applications?", "If your first application is accepted, what is the next process?", "Where can we find the passage?"], "article": "Applying to Stellinga College\nWhy Stellinga?\nThank you for your interest in Stellinga International College. As an international student, we are sure you will find our college an exciting place to study, with like-minded and ambitious people.\nPreparing and submitting your application\nWe have tried to make the application process as easy as possible for you, but there are a number of procedures you must follow.\nAll our courses are taught in English, so first of all you will probably need to submit evidence of your English language ability. We require an IELTS score of 6.5. You will also have to send us your secondary school diploma, so that we can evaluated it.\nWe will also require a personal statement. This is a text of up to 1,000 words in which you introduce yourself, explain your interest in our college, and why you want to study your chosen course.\nIf you are from outside the European Union(EU), it is important that you have an entrance visa before you come to study in the Netherlands, but we will apply for this for you.\nWe now only accept online applications, so please ensure that you have all your documents ready to upload before you begin. Any documents that are not in English originally will also need to be translated and the translation also uploaded.\nYou will need a passport photograph; a copy of your passport; copies of all your certificates and diplomas; your proof of language ability; and your personal statement in English.\nWhat happens next?\nYour application will then be considered. If your initial application is successful, you will be invited for an interview. This will be conducted in English via skype, over the phone or on site. You will talk to two or three members of staff for up to 30 minutes. We aim to inform you of our decision in writing, within 4 weeks. There are several possible outcomes: you may not have been successful; you may be offered a place on the waiting list. You will need to reply to any offers within two weeks, otherwise your place may be offered to somebody else.\nGood luck with your application.", "id": "high9907.txt"}