{"answers": ["D", "C", "B", "A"], "options": [["it is across the parking lot from Slade Hall", "it is small and quite far away from the playground", "there are many second and third year students there", "there are many freshmen and more activities"], ["Near Miller Hall.", "Far from Tree Dorms.", "Beside the car park.", "Near the classrooms."], ["Remember to do homework by discussing it with others.", "Finish homework and go to class every day.", "Try to spend more time in the library.", "Be able to learn something before a mid-term or final exam."], ["tell new students how to get used to college life", "tell new students about their teachers and dormitory", "show the differences between college and high school", "tell readers about some funny things at Bentley College"]], "questions": ["The author advises freshmen to live in the Tree Dorms because   _  .", "Where is Slade Hall?", "According to the author, how can freshmen improve knowledge?", "The author writes the passage to   _  ."], "article": "I have been a student at Bentley College in Waltham for some time now, so I have a lot of experience and know how things work at Bentley. As a freshman at Bentley College you will be living in the Tree Dorms, Slade Hall or Miller Hall. I would highly suggest that you choose to live in the Tree Dorms because this is where most fresh-men are going to be living. There will be a lot of activities going on in the building and you will meet lots of people. Slade Hall is next to the parking lot and not far from the Tree Dorms, so that would be your second choice. As Miller Hall is small and far away, it would be my last choice for freshmen housing. If Bentley offers you the chance to live with second or third year students you'd better refuse their offer and live with freshmen. Living with your classmates will make the transition   into college life a lot easier.\nAs a freshman your classes should be easy. After freshman year your classes will become a lot more difficult, so I advise that you get down to business early in the first year. There are two very easy things you can do to increase your knowledge as a freshman. The first is to just go to class and the second is to always do your homework. I also highly advise that you do it on your own and try to stay disciplined. It is too easy to put your homework away and then get really behind and not be able to learn everything before a mid-term or final exam.", "id": "high991.txt"}