{"answers": ["A", "D", "C", "A"], "options": [["How to start a wildlife habitat.", "Making a place where animals can hide.", "How to gather food for a wildlife habitat.", "Creating places for people to plant gardens."], ["finding a place to use for the habitat", "how to raise money for the habitat", "finding people to work on the habitat", "how to attract wildlife to the habitat"], ["improve the school's appearance", "raise money for other school projects", "teach students more about nature", "convince people to work as volunteers"], ["By giving step-by-step instructions.", "By listing both sides of an argument.", "By telling a story, from beginning to end.", "By listing facts, from most to least important."]], "questions": ["What is this article mostly about?", "The section \"Plan a Habitat\" is mostly about  _  .", "The main purpose for creating a nature habitat at school would be to  _  .", "How has the author organized the article?"], "article": "Bluebirds  looking  secretly  from  nest  boxes.  Tadpoles  swimming  in  a  pond.  Tiger swallowtails flying quickly around a butterfly bush. And over here, a class of students watching it all. A field trip to a nature center? No, it's a schoolyard. With some work on your part, it could even be your schoolyard.\nInterested in building a schoolyard habitat? Here's how to get started.\nGather a Team\nStudents can do a lot on their own, but you'll need adults for a project this big. Get teachers, parents,  and  even  the  headmaster  interested.  Don't  forget  the  maintenance staff--they know more about your school's yard than anyone else and can give you lots of help. Also, ask around your neighborhood for gardeners, naturalists, and others willing to give advice.\nMap Your Site\nWhich part of the schoolyard can you turn  into a habitat? Is there an unused corner of the playground? Part of a lawn or field you could let go wild? You'll need to make a map of the area showing what's  there now. Then  you  can  figure out  how you want  to  change  it. For  that, you need a plan.\nPlan a Habitat\nHere's what you'll need to make your area attractive to wildlife.\nFood: Plant  flowers, bushes,  and  trees. These  provide  seeds, berries,  leaves,  flowers,  and sweet  liquids.  And  all  of  these  feed  birds,  and  insects.  You  can  also  add  some  feeders  for squirrels and birds. Where possible, stick with native plants--wild plants that grow naturally in your area. They need less care, which means less work for you.\nWater: A  small pond, birdbath, or  even  a  shallow dish  of  clean water  in  the ground will attract birds. Other small animals like insects may visit as well.\nShelter: Bushes and trees make great escapes for birds. Tall grass and \"weeds\" are home to grasshoppers, garter  snakes,  and  some  ground-nesting birds. You  can  also  add  stone  piles  and brush piles.\nPlaces to Raise Young: Butterflies need special plants to lay their eggs on. Frogs and toads lay eggs only  in shallow water. Many birds use birdhouses; others nest  in  trees and bushes.  In fact, nearly all your shelters may become homes for wild young.\nPut It on Paper\nUsing the map you made of your area, draw in the changes you want to make. Mark where the plants, nest boxes, and other items will go. Remember, this is a long-term plan--you don't have  to  do  everything  this  spring. Maybe  you  could  put  up  a  few  birdhouses  and  plant  some butterfly bushes now and save the trees and bushes for next year. Even a small start is a big step for wildlife.\nReach for Resources\nTo make the habitat happen, you'll need lots of plants, seeds, and other supplies. You'll also need to buy or borrow tools and maybe even some heavy equipment. Now's the time to reach out for donations. Start by asking your parent-teacher organization. Then go to garden clubs, garden stores (they might give you a discount), local government agencies, and businesses. If they can't donate supplies or money, ask if they can donate workers!\nThe workers can help build  the habitat. You'll also need people  to help maintain  it. Some schools ask their students' families to take turns during the summer. Each family maintains  the habitat for a couple of weeks.\nBuild Your Design\nNow you can dig in. Set a date, and get growing!", "id": "high9923.txt"}