{"answers": ["D", "C", "C", "B"], "options": [["made great contributions to keeping human body from getting spoiled from chronic diseases.", "has developed the Reverse My Disease program with Dr. Patel.", "recommended Ken Drew to Dr. Patel.", "might be a great scientist who did research on bacteria."], ["they are getting old.", "their immune defenses are all located in your stomach.", "they don't eat the right food.", "they are involved in a medical procedure."], ["Once you get sick or depressed, you should go to the doctor for a prescription.", "You can find a prescription or a complicated diet from the Reverse My Disease program.", "Exposing yourself to harmful foods causes problems to your defense system.", "Reverse My Disease program has been well-accepted by doctors."], ["Unconcerned.", "Supportive.", "Cautious.", "Negative"]], "questions": ["We can learn from the passage that Louis Pasteur   _  .", "According to Ken Drew and Dr. Patel, people get slightly constipated and have heart pain because   _  .", "What can we know from the passage?", "What is the author's attitude towards Reverse My Disease?"], "article": "Quickly ask yourself: What did you eat today? Now tell me how you actually feel. If you're complaining of stress, anxiety, depression, aches and pains, foggy thinking, or just a general lack of energy, a new medical theory will blow your mind. The chances are that those disease-like symptoms are all the result of what's called hidden food allergies .\nThis is what Ken Drew found out when he was lucky enough to be recommended to medical practitioner Dr. Patel. Patel is considered something of a genius, and has been called a modern day Louis Pasteur. You've heard of him, of course--Pasteur figured out how to keep milk from getting spoiled. Dr. Patel is like a Louis Pasteur for keeping your body from getting spoiled from chronic  diseases.\n\"Foggy thinking, slightly constipated , heart pain,...you name it. It's part of getting old,\" you say. \"It's just stress.\" Most of the body's immune defenses are all located in your stomach, so when you have a hidden food allergy and you expose yourself to harmful foods, your defenses malfunction  and disease-carrying bacteria take over. Had you not eaten that one food you were allergic to for breakfast, you would never have got sick.\nTogether, Dr Patel and Ken Drew have developed the Reverse My Disease program, which claims it can _ your body against diseases like arthritis , Alzheimer's, diabetes, heart disease and cancers. You won't need a prescription and there isn't any kind of medical procedure involved. There's no medical jargon, no complicated diet to do. What it does do is claim to tell you how to hack your body's natural defense system.\nDr. Patel has remained under the radar of the entire medical establishment because his ideas are so threatening to doctors who don't want you to stop being sick enough for them to write you prescriptions. Those doctor visits cost you, so check out Reverse My Disease if you want to prevent disease by learning how to eat food that won't harm your body.", "id": "high9937.txt"}