{"answers": ["D", "C", "A"], "options": [["found men reporting shorter sitting time than women", "surveyed more men than women on their daily sitting time", "identified fewer deaths in men than in women during the 14-year follow-up", "discovered correlation between sitting and physical health in men and in women"], ["using a standing desk", "resting one's muscles", "quitting sedentary jobs", "taking a walk while discussing"], ["Your job could be killing you.", "Working out leads to health risks.", "Long-time sitting is positively associated with health.", "A study on sitting time and physical health was completed."]], "questions": ["According to the text, the study in 2010   _  .", "We can infer from the text that the author did not recommend   _  .", "What is the main idea of the text?"], "article": "If your job requires a lot of sitting, you could be putting your health at danger.\nThe American Journal of Epidemiology   did a study in 2010 on the correlation   between sitting and an individual's physical health. In the study, 53,440 working men and 69,776 working women were surveyed on their time spent sitting. The subjects were all disease free when employed. The researchers identified 11,307 deaths in men and 7,923 deaths in women during the 14-year follow-up.\nThe findings: Women who reported sitting for more than six hours per day had an approximately 40 higher all-cause death rate than those who reported less than three hours a day, and men had an approximately 20 higher death rate.\nWell, now's a fine time to get this information. But why didn't they tell me this years ago? I would have planned on taking a more active job instead of the sedentary   job of an editor.\nSo what can you do if you have to work for a living at a job that requires a lot of sitting? Here are some ideas:\nTake frequent breaks. It is recommended that workers vary activities, change their position, and take short breaks every 20 minutes to rest muscles and increase blood circulation. Get a standing desk. Some studies have shown that working from an upright position may be better for health. The serious fitness people can even purchase a treadmill   desk. It only goes about one mile per hour. Have a walking meeting. If your group is kind of small, going for a walk while discussing topics is a good alternative.", "id": "high9945.txt"}