{"answers": ["B", "D"], "options": [["Childhood", "Personal life", "Music career", "Charity"], ["call on readers to learn from Michael Jackson", "show love and respect for Michael Jackson", "prove Michael Jackson is a great person", "offer readers some facts about Michael Jackson"]], "questions": ["Which of the following topics is Not described about Michael Jackson in the passage?", "The purpose of the passage is to   _  ."], "article": "Michael Joseph Jackson was born on August 29, 1958. He was born in Gary, Indiana. He was the seventh child out of nine children in his family. Michael was often physically abused   by his father, beaten up and also verbally   abused. But Michael also owed his success to his father's being strict.\nMichael was always an entertainer . Even when he just joined school, he would perform in front of friends and classmates. Michael started his professional music career at the age of 11, as a member of the Jackson Five.\nHe's well-known for increasing the popularity of MTV through his music videos. Before this, music videos were made just to promote the albums  . But Michael's videos managed to change that in videos being made as an art, and for big business. Some of the music videos that are good examples of this fact are Beat It, Billie Jean, and Thriller. Through these works of his, the world got caught onto the idea of music videos and dedicated music video channels.\nMichael _ his fans and audiences with his style of singing, dressing, and his complex dance moves, especially the \"Moonwalk\". The moonwalk is something that people from every part of the globe loved and try to copy People have also done mass moonwalks all around to show their love towards him.\nMichael Jackson supported 39 charities  . Through his work and various foundations, he raised and gave millions toward charity, much more than any other showman. He had great love for children, especially the poor ones, and he felt children were the next best thing after God.\nMichael planed to start a 50-concert tour in July 2009. Sadly, on 25thJune, 2009, Michael passed away at home. Michael Jackson was a great performer, showman, and entertainer, besides the good human and charitable person that he was. It's very unlikely that there will ever be another entertainer like Michael Jackson ever again.", "id": "high9950.txt"}