{"answers": ["C", "D", "B"], "options": [["He liked showing off by talking about his travels abroad.", "He thought the rich should show mercy to the poor.", "His lectures were very popular.", "He supported those who succeeded with the help of others."], ["writing excellent works", "giving wonderful lectures", "writing or speaking in a humorous style", "laughing at people without a lot of money"], ["Interested.", "Admiring.", "Disappointed.", "Indifferent."]], "questions": ["What do we learn about Mark Twain from the passage?", "Mark Twain was good at each of the following EXCEPT   _  .", "What's the author's attitude towards Mark Twain?"], "article": "In addition to writing articles and books, Mark Twain delighted the audience with his public lectures about the faraway places he visited on his travels. People were eager to learn about his trips to places like the Sandwich Islands (now Hawaii), Egypt and the Holy Land. Twain often used the fees he earned from his lectures to pay for more adventures. His well-attended performances also served to bring attention to his published work. At that time, the public lecture was a very popular form of entertainment, and audiences' expectations ran high, but Twain never failed to amuse them.\nTwan also wrote on amusing subjects. In 1873, he released a book called The Gilded Age. The book was a satire of the very wealthy of the time. A satire is a work that makes fun of bad human behavior, such as wasteful spending. Twain made people laugh at the excesses of the rich.\nIn 1889, Twain took on other members of the Establishment. He wrote A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court, about a boy who travels back to the time of King Arthur. Twain made fun of those who were given advantages not because they had earned them but because of their family connections. If you have never read any of Mark Twain's works, try reading A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, or The Adventures of Tom Sawyer. They will make you laugh.", "id": "high9960.txt"}