{"answers": ["C", "D", "A", "C"], "options": [["one homeless person's story", "the history of the homeless", "the changes of the homeless in the late 20th century", "a way to provide homes for the homeless"], ["By writing books.", "By moving to rural areas.", "By being elected to the government committees.", "By expressing their viewpoints in street newspapers."], ["Government agencies.", "Street newspapers.", "The homeless themselves.", "The volunteers."], ["The homeless all lived in urban cities in America.", "The name \"the homeless\" was given in the early 1980.", "Not only the disabled belong to the homeless family.", "There were about 800,000 homeless people in western countries."]], "questions": ["This passage is mainly about  _  .", "How did the homeless speak out about their problems?", "Who is responsible to get the number of the homeless population according to the passage?", "Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?"], "article": "People without homes have always been present in America. In the past,they were called hobos,bums,or drifters. It was not until the early 1980s that these people received a new name,when activists named them the homeless.\nThe types of people who were homeless also changed in the 1980s. No longer were they primarily older men. They were younger,with an average age of 35. Their numbers consisted of women,children,adolescents and entire families. They were of many races and cultures. No longer were they only in the inner city. They lived in rural areas and in large and small cities. No longer were they invisible to the people with homes and jobs. The homeless of the 1980s lived in packing crates   and doorways. They slept on sidewalks and in public parks. They begged money from passersby.\nCounting the numbers of homeless people is difficult. However,in 1984 the Department of Housing and Urban Development estimated the homeless population at between 250,000 and 350,000. In 1990 the Census Bureau counted about 459,000 people in shelters,in cheap hotels,and on the streets. In 1995 the National Alliance to End Homelessness estimated that there were 750,000 homeless Americans.\nThe homeless of the 1980s also began to speak out for themselves. Some spoke to Congress and to government committees controlling funding for social programs. Street newspapers,such as Chicago's Streetwise and Boston's Spare Change,had stories,poems,and essays that expressed the homeless viewpoint. The visible and vocal presence of the homeless prompted help from volunteers and government agencies. But what is still needed is a solution to the _ of America's homeless population.", "id": "high9980.txt"}