{"answers": ["B", "A"], "options": [["proud and happy", "supportive but concerned", "fearful and nervous", "excited but puzzled"], ["Volunteering helps students grow and develop.", "School trips make parents worried about their children.", "Ecuador is the most attractive travel destination in the world.", "Brave Alexia dreams to work in Ecuador one day."]], "questions": ["When hearing the news that her daughter would go on a school trip to Ecuador, Armato was  _  .", "What would be the best title for the text?"], "article": "When Armida Armato's daughter, Alexia, came home from school one day last year keen to go on a school trip to Ecuador, she wasn't too sure how to feel. She was happy that her daughter could experience something she never did as a teen but was fearful of letting her travel to such a remote part of the world.\nAlexia was 16 at the time, a student at Westwood High School. The school sponsored a humanitarian trip for 26 students and two teachers to spend 18 days living in a mountain village to build a one-room school. Even though Armato trusted her daughter, the other students and the teachers, she was worried about the side effects from the travel vaccines, possible accidents, and medical care.\nNow that Alexia was home, Armato said she saw her daughter's new maturity, greater confidence and independence. \"This is the best thing I ever did,\" Alexia said. \"The experience was so eye-opening and life-changing. You're with people who are not as lucky as you are. They live in very poor conditions but they're so happy and outgoing. You say, 'My God. I'm taking everything for granted back home.'\"\nShe said they built a one-room school from scratch with no mechanical cement mixers. They used their hands, shovels and basic tools. She and another student lived with a local family in a small village about eight hours outside the capital, Quito. Despite the initial strangeness and knowing only basic Spanish, she said they grew very close and felt like a family.\nEvery year, groups of students at Montreal High School like Alexia pack their bags and fly off with classmates and teachers to developing countries where they volunteer for a variety of projects.\n\"Armato's worries are very common among parents,\" says Bill Nevin, a teacher at St. George's High School. He organizes a humanitarian rip to India to the Sheela Bal Bhavan orphanage and says the three biggest fears families have are health, security and contact.", "id": "high9982.txt"}