{"answers": ["B", "A", "C", "C"], "options": [["A Wrinkle in Time", "The Giver", "The Book Thief", "Harry Potter"], ["contains a lot of fancy pictures", "talks only about maths problems", "describes a journey in complex language", "sets its background in the Kingdom of Freedom"], ["Charlotte fell in love with Wilbur", "Matilda was well cared for in her family", "Stanley Yelnats IV got punished", "S. E. Hinton was best at telling fairy tales"], ["To advertise for some booksellers.", "To introduce some famous writers.", "To admire some classics for kids and young adults.", "To recommend some great works of TIME magazine."]], "questions": ["Which of the following shares the same theme with The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian?", "According to the passage, The Phantom Tollbooth   _  .", "It can be learned from the passage that   _  .", "What is the main purpose of the passage?"], "article": "To honor the best books for young adults and children, TIME has created this list of classics: Best Young-Adult and Children's Books.\nThe Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian\nSherman Alexie's coming-of-age novel shows family and traditions through young Arnold Spirit, torn between his life in an Indian community and his largely white high school. The specifics are sharply drawn, but this novel, with its themes of self-discovery, speaks to young readers everywhere.\nHarry Potter\nWhat more can be said about J. K. Rowling's unique series? How about this: seven years after the final book was published, readers young and old still go crazy at the slightest rumor of a new Potter story.\nThe Book Thief\nFor many young readers, Markus Zusak's novel provides their first in-depth reflection of the Holocaust . Although terror surrounds Liesel, a young German girl, so too does evidence of friendship, love and charity -- recovering lights in the darkness.\nA Wrinkle in Time\nMadeleine L'Engle's super-realist adventure has provided generations of children with their first-ever exciting experiences, as Meg travels across the fifth dimension  in search of her father. But the science fiction also has a message: Meg learns independence and bravery in the process.\nCharlotte's Web\nReaders are still drawn to the simplicity and beauty of spider Charlotte's devotion to her pig friend Wilbur. Though family farms may be less common than they were in 1952, E. B. White's novel remains timeless for its lasting reflection on the power of friendship and of good writing.\nHoles\nLouis Sachar's story of a family curse , fancy sports shoes and poisonous lizards moves forward and backward through time, telling of how Stanley Yelnats IV ended up in a prison camp. It's an introduction to a complex story, filled with fun, warmth and a truly memorable criminal.\nMatilda\nWith apologies to the lovable Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, this may be Roald Dahl's most inspiring book for young people. Poor Matilda feels troubled and ignored by her family -- a sense that many preteens share. They don't share her supernatural powers, but that's the lasting appeal of this escapist fun.\nThe Outsiders\nPublished when author S. E. Hinton was just 18, this coming-of-age novel offers evidence that even the youngest writer can provide valuable wisdom. Her striking look at Ponyboy and gang life in the 1960s has continued to have a powerful effect for decades on readers of all kinds, whether they identify more with the Greasers or the Socs.\nThe Phantom Tollbooth\nIn a humorous, sharp fairy tale  that shows language and mathematics through a story of adventure in the Kingdom of Wisdom, Jules Feiffer's unusual drawings do as much as Norton Juster's plain language combined with complex ideas to carry readers through Digitopolis and the Mountains of Ignorance.\nThe Giver\nLois Lowry's tale of self-discovery in society has a memorable central character, Jonas, and an unforgettable message -- that pain and harm have an important place in individual lives and in society, and to forget them is to lose what makes us human.", "id": "high9997.txt"}